vj FerratumBar More than money to rv - ryo
Terms and Conditions
Up to EUR 60,000,000 Senior Unsecured Floating Rate Bonds
ISIN: FI4000232830 15 December 2016
Other than the registration of the Bonds under Finnish law, no action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession,
circulation or distribution of this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose
possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.
ROSCHIER

I
Table of Contents
1. Definitions and Construction.........................................................................................1 2. Status of the Bonds..................................................................................................... 10 3. Use of Proceeds...........................................................................................................11 4. Conditions Precedent.................................................................................................. 11 5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form........................................................................................... 12 6. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder....................................................................... 12 7. Payments in Respect of the Bonds...............................................................................13 8. Interest........................................................................................................................ 14 9. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds.................................................................. 14 10. Information to Bondholders........................................................................................ 16 11. Financial Undertakings ............................................................................................... 18 12. General Undertakings................................................................................................. 19 13. Events of Default and Accelerationof the Bonds..........................................................21 14. Distribution of Proceeds.............................................................................................. 24 15. Decisions by Bondholders............................................................................................25 16. Bondholders' Meeting................................................................................................. 28 17. Written Procedure...................................................................................................... 28 18. Amendments and Waivers..........................................................................................29 19. Appointment and Replacement of the Trustee............................................................30 20. Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent................ 34 21. No Direct Actions by Bondholders.............................................................................. 34 22. Prescription.................................................................................................................35 23. Notices and Press Releases..........................................................................................35 24. Governing Law and Jurisdiction...................................................................................36

1
1. Definitions and Construction
1.1 Definitions
In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Accounting Principles" means international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time/as in force on the First Issue Date).
"Additional Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 7(d).
"Adherence" means the undertaking by the Guarantor, pursuant to the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement, to comply with any undertakings of the Guarantor set out in these Terms and Conditions.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Bonds (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Bonds in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Trustee, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and a trustee.
"Applicable Premium" means the higher of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 103.125 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date falling the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (assuming that the Interest Rate will be equal to the interpolated EUR mid-swap rate plus the Margin), less any accrued but unpaid interest, through and including the First Call Date,
each calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable German government bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon

2
between the Trustee, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered in the register maintained by the CSD pursuant to Clause 2 of Section 3 of Chapter 6 of the Book-Entry System Act as direct registered owner (omistaja) or nominee (hallintarekisteroinnin hoitaja) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 16 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Bond" means a debt instrument for the Nominal Amount and of the type referred to in Clause 1 of Section 34 of the Act on Promissory Notes (Velkakirjalaki 622/1947, as amended) (joukkovelkakirja) and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bonds.
"Book-Entry Securities System" means the Infinity system being part of the book-entry register maintained by the CSD or any other replacing book-entry securities system.
"Book-Entry System Act" means the Finnish Act on Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Laki arvo-osuusjdrjestelmdstd ja selvitystoiminnasta 749/2012, as amended).
"Business Day" means a day on which the deposit banks are generally open for business in Helsinki.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a CSD Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a CSD Business Day.
"Capital Adequacy Report" means the latest regulatory capital adequacy report filed by the Issuer with the relevant financial supervisory authority.
"Capital Cover Ratio" means the ratio of (A) the Issuer and its Subsidiaries total capital ratio, defined as its own funds (consisting of CET1 capital, additional tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital) as defined in article 72 of CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time, expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount as defined in article 92.3 of CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time, as reported by the Issuer to the relevant financial supervisory authority in accordance with applicable legal requirements in its most recent quarterly regulatory capital adequacy report on a consolidated basis, to (B) the legal minimum requirement set out in article 92.1(c) of CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time.
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) in respect of borrowed money which is in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes or any similar securities which are or are capable of being quoted, listed or traded on any stock exchange or other recognized and regulated securities market or certificates of indebtedness, where the repayable amount exceeds EUR 2,000,000.

3
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby:
(a) Jorma Jokela ceases to own and control more than fifty (50) per cent. of the share capital and votes in the Guarantor, or
(b) in case of a new share issue following the First Issue Date (i) Jorma Jokela ceases to own and control more than thirty-five (35) per cent. of the share capital and votes in the Guarantor, and (ii) one or more persons acting together acquire control over the Guarantor and where "control" means (A) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50) per cent. of the voting shares of the Guarantor, or (B) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Guarantor.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, signed by the Guarantor and the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with the Maintenance Test, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Maintenance Test for the relevant Reference Date, including the Issuer's Capital Adequacy Report as well as the calculation of the Capital Cover Ratio.
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Finland Oy, business identity code 1061446-0, Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, P.O. Box 1110, 00101 Helsinki.
"CSD Business Day" means a day on which the Book-Entry Securities System is open in accordance with the regulations of the CSD.
"EBIT" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated operating profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Group;
(b) before deducting any interest payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness;
(c) before taking into account any restructuring costs or any extraordinary items or non-recurring items which are not in line with the ordinary course of business; and
(d) before taking into account any Transaction Costs.

4
"Euro" and "EUR" means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with the legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.
"EURIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Reuters screen EURIBOR01 (or through another system or website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Euro and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places), as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Helsinki interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Euro offered for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero, EURIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in any of the Clauses 13.1 (Non-Payment) to and including Clause 13.9 (Continuation of the Business).
"Equity" means the equity as reported in the Group's balance sheet in accordance with the Accounting Principles of the Group.
"Existing Bond" means the EUR 20,000,000 outstanding bond with ISIN: MT0000911207, as issued by the Issuer on 22 July 2015.
"Final Maturity Date" means 15 March 2020.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement, the Agency Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Trustee as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) monies borrowed or raised (including any bank financing or Capital Market Indebtedness);
(b) the amount of any liability under any finance leases (a lease which in accordance with the Accounting Principles applicable on the First Issue is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability) and for the avoidance of doubt, any leases treated as operating leases under the Accounting Principles applicable to the Group as of the First Issue Date shall not, regardless of any subsequent changes or amendments of the accounting principles, be considered as finance or capital leases;

5
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than on a recourse basis provided that the requirements for de-recognition under the Accounting Principles are met);
(d) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of any bond or note or similar instrument;
(e) any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as borrowing under the Accounting Principles;
(f) the market to market value derivative transactions entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(g) counter-indemnity obligations in respect of guarantees, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or other instruments issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(h) (without double counting) liabilities under guarantees or indemnities for any of the obligations referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Report" means the Issuer's and the Group's annual audited consolidated financial statements or quarterly interim unaudited reports of the Issuer and the Group, which shall be prepared and made available in accordance with Clause 10.1(a)(i) and Clause 10.1(a)(ii).
"First Call Date" means the date falling twenty-one (21) months after the First Issue Date.
"First Issue Date" means 15 December 2016.
"Guarantor" means Ferratum Oyj, a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland, with Reg. No. 1950969-1.
"Group" means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (including the Issuer) from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Guarantee" means the irrevocably and unconditionally, jointly and severally, as principal obligor, guarantee provided by the Guarantor in relation to the punctual performance by the Issuer of all of the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents, including, but not limited to, the Bonds, plus accrued interest and expenses, on the terms set out in the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement.
"Guarantee and Adherence Agreement" means the agreement between the Guarantor and the Trustee relating to the Guarantee and the Adherence granted and provided for by the Guarantor.
Initial Bonds" means the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date.

6
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent within the meaning of Section 1 of Chapter 2 of the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (Konkurssilaki 120/2004, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts, (iv) by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Finnish Act on Company Reorganisation (Laki yrityksen saneerauksesta 47/1993, as amended) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 8(a) to 8(c).
"Interest Payment Date" means 15 March, 15 June, 15 September, and 15 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a CSD Business Day, the CSD Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 15 March 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the First Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means EURIBOR (3 months) plus the Margin.
"Issuer" means Ferratum Bank p.l.c., a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Malta with Reg. No. C56251.
"Issuing Agent" means the issuing agent (liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) of the Bonds, being Nordea Bank Finland Plc, or another party replacing it as Issuing Agent in accordance with the regulations of the CSD.
"Maintenance Test" means the Guarantor's test of its Net Debt to Equity in accordance with Clause 11(a) and the Issuer's test of its Capital Cover Ratio in accordance with Clause 11(b).
"Margin" means 6.25 per cent. per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's or the Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions, or (c) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.
"Material Group Company" means the Guarantor, the Issuer and any Subsidiary representing more than ten (10) per cent. of the Total Assets or EBIT of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.

7
"Net Debt" means the total liabilities less cash and cash equivalents as reported in the Group's balance sheet in accordance with the Accounting Principles of the Group.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Bonds after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2(c).
"Paying Agent" means, initially Nordea Bank Finland Plc, or any other party replacing the same as Paying Agent in accordance with the regulations of the CSD.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Permitted Security" means:
(a) any Security provided under the Finance Documents;
(b) any Security arising by operation of law, retention of title arrangements relating to prepayments or similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business and not arising as a result of any default or omission;
(c) any Security for, or payment or close-out netting or set-off arrangement in respect of, derivative transactions or clearing activities;
(d) any Security or quasi-security in respect of repo transactions entered into by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its business, provided that the Security or quasi-security for each such repo transaction is discharged within six (6) months of the granting thereof;
(e) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances;
(f) any Security provided for foreign exchange transactions or interest rate hedging transactions; and
(g) any Security provided for any guarantees or counter-indemnity obligations issued by the Issuer in the ordinary course of business.
"Proceeds Account" means a bank account of the Issuer held with a reputable bank, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Trustee and the Bondholders (represented by the Trustee) under the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement.
"Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee on or about the First Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Proceeds Account and all funds held on the Proceeds Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Trustee and the Bondholders (represented by the Trustee).

8
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means:
(a) in relation to a payment of Interest, default interest and/or redemption of the Bonds when such payment is made through the Book-Entry Securities System, the end of the first CSD Business Day prior to, as applicable, (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) the day on which default interest is paid, (iii) a Redemption Date or (iv) a date on which a payment to the Bondholders is to be made under Clause 14 (Distribution of Proceeds);
(b) in relation to a Bondholders' Meeting and Written Procedure, the end of the CSD Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 16(c) or Clause 17(c), as applicable; and
(c) otherwise, the end of the fifth CSD Business Day prior to another relevant date.
"Reference Dates" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year. The first Reference Date shall be 31 March 2017.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 9 (Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds).
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Secured Parties" means the Bondholders and the Trustee (including in its capacity as Trustee under the Agency Agreement).
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued under this programme after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsidiary" means, in respect of which such person, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body, or (iv) exercises control as determined in accordance with the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time)

9
"Total Assets" means the total assets as reported in the Group's balance sheet in accordance with the Accounting Principles of the Group.
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other taxes incurred by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection with (i) the issuance of the Initial Bonds and (ii) the listing of the Initial Bonds.
"Trustee" means Nordic Trustee Oy, business identity code 2488240-7, Mikonkatu 1b, 00100 Helsinki, Finland or another party replacing it, as Trustee, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Withholding Tax Event" means an event whereby the Issuer is obliged to pay any Additional Amounts in accordance with Clause 7(d).
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Written Procedure).
1.2 Construction
(a) Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:
(i) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(ii) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(iii) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;
(iv) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;
(v) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted; and
(vi) a time of day is a reference to Helsinki time.
(b) When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in EUR has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against EUR for the previous Business Day, as published by the European Central Bank on its website (www. www.ecb.int). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.

10
(c) A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within the European Economic Area promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
(d) No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
2. Status of the Bonds
(a) The Bonds are denominated in Euro and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The nominal amount of each Initial Bond is EUR 100,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is EUR 25,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The issue price of any Subsequent Bond shall be set out in the relevant final terms.
(d) Provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 60,000,000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 15(e)(i). Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8(a), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
(e) The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without preference among them.
(f) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of

11
any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Initial Bonds, less the costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Initial Bonds, to refinance the Existing Bond through settlement in cash or in kind against Initial Bonds, and for general corporate purposes.
4. Conditions Precedent
(a) The payment of the Net Proceeds to the Proceeds Account is subject to the Trustee having received documents and evidence of the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement being duly executed and perfected.
(b) The Issuer shall provide, or procure the provision of, to the Trustee:
(i) certificates of registration, articles of association of the Issuer and each other party to a Finance Document;
(ii) copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer and each other party to a Finance Document;
(iii) evidence that each relevant Finance Document has been duly executed;
(iv) a legal opinion on the capacity, due execution validity and enforceability of the Finance Documents issued by a reputable law firm; and
(v) evidence that the Net Proceeds will be applied in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds).
(c) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have been received by the Trustee, the Trustee shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Proceeds Account) to transfer the funds from the Proceeds Account for the purpose of payments in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds), and the Trustee shall thereafter or in connection therewith release the pledge over the Proceeds Account. The Trustee is not responsible for reviewing the documents and evidence referred to in Clause 4(b) from a legal or commercial perspective on behalf of the Bondholders.
(d) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been received by the Trustee within thirty (30) Business Days from the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. Any funds distributed by the Trustee to the Bondholders in accordance with the Proceeds

12
Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(d). The repurchase date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the ending of the thirty (30) Business Days period referred to above.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form in the Book-Entry Securities System in accordance with the Book-Entry System Act and regulations of the CSD and no physical notes will be issued.
(b) Each Bondholder consents to the Issuer having a right to obtain information on the Bondholders, their contact details and their holdings of the Bonds registered in the Book-Entry Securities System, such as information recorded in the lists referred to in Clauses 2 and 3 of Section 3 of Chapter 6 of the BookEntry System Act kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and the CSD shall be entitled to provide such information upon request. At the request of the Trustee, the Issuing Agent or the Paying Agent, the Issuer shall (and shall be entitled to do so) promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Trustee, the Issuing Agent or the Paying Agent, as applicable.
(c) The Trustee, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent shall have the right to obtain information referred to in Clause 5(b) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds if so permitted under the regulation of the CSD. The Issuer agrees that each of the Trustee, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent is at any time on its behalf entitled to obtain information referred to in Clause 5(b) from the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(d) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Trustee or the Paying Agent, as notified by the Trustee or the Paying Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney given to the Trustee unless directed by the Trustee or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
(e) The Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 5(b) only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Conditions with respect to the Bonds and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for the before-mentioned purposes.
6. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
(a) If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.

13
(b) A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.
(c) The Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 6(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.
7. Payments in Respect of the Bonds
(a) Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date in accordance with the Finnish legislation governing the Book-Entry Securities System and book-entry accounts as well as the regulations of the CSD.
(b) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 8(d) during such postponement.
(c) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 7, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
(d) All amounts payable by the Issuer to the Bondholders shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Finland or any authority thereof or therein unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or regulation or the interpretation or application of such laws or regulations. If such withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer will at the request of the relevant Bondholder pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as are necessary in order that the net amount received by the relevant Bondholder, after such withholding or deduction, shall be equal to the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction.
(e) Notwithstanding Clause 7(d), no Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any taxes or duties which:
(i) are payable by reason of any relevant person having, or having had, some connection with Finland other than the mere holding of the Bond(s);

14
(ii) would not be payable if a relevant person made a declaration of non residence or similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority;
(iii) would not be payable if a relevant person could claim an exemption under a tax treaty;
(iv) are withheld or deducted pursuant to any European Union Directive or Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income or any provision of law implementing or complying with such Directive or Regulation; or
(v) gives rise to a tax credit that may be effectively used by a relevant person.
8. Interest
(a) Each Initial Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate from (and including) the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Bonds will carry Interest at the Interest Rate from (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to (and excluding) the relevant Redemption Date.
(b) Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.
(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).
(d) If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two (2) per cent. higher than the Interest Rate from (and including) the date such payment was due up to (but excluding) the date of actual payment. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Trustee or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
9. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds
9.1 Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a CSD Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the CSD Business Day determined by application of the Business Day Convention.

15
9.2 Issuer's purchase of Bonds
The Issuer and each other Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way, provided that any Bond purchased by a Group Company (other than the Issuer) will be promptly surrendered to the Issuer. The Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.
9.3 Voluntary total redemption (call option)
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full on a CSD Business Day:
(i) any time prior to the First Call Date, at an amount per Bond equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, plus the Applicable Premium;
(ii) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling twenty-seven (27) months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 103.125 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(iii) any time from and including the first Business Day falling twenty-seven (27) months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling thirty-three (33) months after the First Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 101.875 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(iv) any time from and including the first Business Day falling thirty-three (33) months after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to 100.625 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Trustee and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the Issuing Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
9.4 Early redemption due to a Withholding Tax Event (call option)
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest and the relevant Additional Amount if an Withholding Tax Event occurs and the obligation to pay Additional Amounts cannot be avoided by reasonable measures available to the Issuer.

16
(b) The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.4(a) no later than ten (10) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of the Withholding Tax Event (after which time period such right shall lapse). The redemption date shall occur within twenty (20) Business Days after the expiration of the aforementioned time period of ten (10) Business Days.
(c) A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4(a) is irrevocable and, on the date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
9.5 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 10.1(c) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1(c)shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1(c). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5(a).
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.4 by virtue of the conflict.
(d) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
10. Information to Bondholders
10.1 Information from the Issuer and the Guarantor
(a) The Issuer and the Guarantor will make the following information available in the English language to the Bondholders by way of press release and by publication on its website:
(i) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four (4) months after the end of each financial year, its audited consolidated

17
financial statements for that financial year, each including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's and the Guarantor's, as applicable, board of directors;
(ii) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end of each quarter of its financial year, its quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports for such period, each including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's and the Guarantor's, as applicable, board of directors;
(iii) any other information required by the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Bonds are listed.
(b) When the Bonds have been listen, the reports referred to in 10.1(a)(i) and Clause 10.1(a)(ii) shall be made available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act (lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden).
(c) The Issuer shall promptly notify the Bondholders and the Trustee upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, conditioned upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for a Change of Control Event. The Issuer shall provide the Trustee with such further information as the Trustee may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such request.
(d) When a Financial Report and other information are made available to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.1(a), the Issuer shall send copies of such Financial Report and other information to the Trustee.
(e) The Issuer shall submit a duly executed Compliance Certificate to the Trustee:
(i) together with a Financial Report;
(ii) at the Trustee's request, within twenty (20) days from such request.
(f) The Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Trustee with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Trustee not receive such information, the Trustee is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Trustee does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.

18
The Issuer shall provide the Trustee with such further information as the Trustee may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such request.
(g) The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Trustee according to this Clause 10.1 If informing the Trustee would not conflict with any applicable laws or, when the Bonds are listed, the Issuer's registration contract with the Regulated Market. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with the Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek approval from the Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Trustee, in order to be able to timely inform the Trustee according to this Clause 10.1.
(h) The Issuer shall, subject to the regulations of the CSD and applicable laws, be entitled to obtain information of the Bondholders from the CSD and the CSD shall be entitled to provide such information to the Issuer. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, subject to the regulations of the CSD and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from the CSD a list of the Bondholders, provided that it is technically possible for the CSD to maintain such a list.
10.2 Information from the Trustee
Subject to the restrictions of any applicable law or regulation, the Trustee is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
10.3 Publication of Finance Documents
(a) The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Group and the Trustee.
(b) The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Bondholders at the office of the Trustee during normal business hours.
11. Financial Undertakings
(a) Pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement, the Guarantor shall ensure that, on each Reference Date, the ratio of Net Debt to Equity shall not exceed 3.00, based on the most recently delivered Financial Reports for the Guarantor.
(b) The Issuer shall ensure that, on each Reference Date, the Capital Cover Ratio is not less than 1.30, based on the most recently delivered Financial Reports and Capital Adequacy Reports for the Issuer.

19
12. General Undertakings
12.1 General
(a) The Issuer shall and the Guarantor shall pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement, undertake to (and shall, where applicable, procure that each other Group Company will) comply with the undertakings set out in this Clause 12 for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding.
12.2 Distributions
Pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement, the Guarantor shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will (i) pay any dividend in respect of its shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem or reduce its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, or (iv) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the Guarantor's, or its Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders (items (i)-(iv) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made by any Subsidiary of the Guarantor if such Restricted Payment is made to the Guarantor or any of the wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Guarantor and, if made by a Subsidiary which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Guarantor, is made on a pro rata basis, provided that any distributions made by the Issuer shall be re transferred to the Issuer within twelve (12) months of the distribution in form of a share capital increase or other restricted equity increase of the Issuer.
Notwithstanding the above, a Restricted Payment may be made by the Guarantor, if at the time of the payment:
(a) no Event of Default is outstanding or would occur when making the relevant Restricted Payment; and
(b) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments of the Guarantor in any fiscal year does not exceed twenty-five (25) per cent. of the Guarantor's consolidated net profit for the previous fiscal year.
12.3 Nature of Business
Pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement, the Guarantor shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group if such substantial change would have a Material Adverse Effect.
12.4 Disposal of Assets
(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary, under a single transaction or several transactions sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Subsidiary or of all or substantially all of its or any Subsidiary's assets or operations to any person not being the Issuer or any of the Guarantor's wholly-

20
owned Subsidiaries and the total amount for which a given element of assets is sold varies from market value by an amount of at least EUR 2,000,000 and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee of any such transaction or series of transactions and, upon request by the Trustee, provide the Trustee with any information relating to the transaction which the Trustee deems necessary (acting reasonably).
(b) The Guarantor shall, pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement, not dispose of any shares in the Issuer and shall (and shall procure that each Subsidiary) comply with the undertaking set out in Clause 12.4(a).
12.5 Dealings with Related Parties
(a) The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders on arm's length terms.
(b) Pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement, the Guarantor shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders on arm's length terms.
12.6 Negative Pledge
(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary, provide, prolong or renew any security over any of its/their assets (present or future) for the purpose of:
(i) in relation to the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (other than the Issuer), to secure any Capital Markets Indebtedness; and
(ii) in relation to the Issuer, to secure any loan or other indebtedness,
provided however that the Issuer may provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.
(b) Pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement, the Guarantor shall, and shall procure that each Subsidiary, comply with the undertaking set out in Clause 12.6(a).
12.7 Listing
(a) The Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds are listed at the EU-regulated European Wholesale Securities Market ("EWSM") in Malta and co-listed at the corporate bond list on Nasdaq Stockholm not later than sixty (60) calendar days after the First Issue Date and with an intention to complete such listing within thirty (30) calendar days after the First Issue Date. In addition, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds are listed at the Frankfurt Stock Exchange Open Market (Freiverkehr) on or about the First Issue Date.

21
(b) Once the Bonds are listed on EWSM, Nasdaq Stockholm and the Frankfurt Stock Exchange Open Market, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds continue being listed on EWSM, Nasdaq Stockholm and the Frankfurt Stock Exchange Open Market for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of EWSM, Nasdaq Stockholm, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange Open Market and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to their redemption).
12.8 Compliance with laws
(a) The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time and (ii) obtain, maintain and in all material respects comply with the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, license (including all relevant banking licenses) or other permit required for the business carried out by each respective Group Company.
(b) Pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement, the Guarantor shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time and (ii) obtain, maintain and in all material respects comply with the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, license (including all relevant banking licenses) or other permit required for the business carried out by each respective Group Company.
13. Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 13 (other than Clause 13.10 (Acceleration of the Bonds)) is an Event of Default.
13.1 Non-Payment
The Issuer or the Guarantor fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error and payment is made within five (5) Business Days of the due date.
13.2 Other Obligations
The Issuer or the Guarantor does not comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents, in any other way than as set out under (a) above, provided that the Trustee has requested the Issuer and the Guarantor in writing to remedy such failure and the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) has not remedied the failure within twenty-five (25) Business Days from such request (if the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Trustee may declare the Bonds due and payable without such prior written request).
13.3 Cross-Default
The occurrence of the following circumstances constitutes a cross-default:

22
(a) if any Financial Indebtedness of a Material Group Company is not paid when due as extended by any originally applicable grace period;
(b) if any Financial Indebtedness of a Material Group Company is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(c) if any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of a Material Group Company is cancelled or suspended by a creditor of any Material Group Company as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(d) if any creditor of any Material Group Company becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness of a Material Group Company due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
provided that no Event of Default will occur under this Clause 13.3 if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (a) to (d) above is less than EUR 3,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) and provided that this Clause 13.3 does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company.
13.4 Insolvency
(a) Any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors generally (except for holders of Bonds) with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company.
13.5 Insolvency Proceedings
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii), in relation to Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(a) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company; and
(b) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any Material Group Company.

23
13.6 Mergers and Demergers
A decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be demerged or merged if such merger or demerger is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that a merger involving the Issuer, where the Issuer is not the surviving entity, shall always be considered an Event of Default and provided that the Issuer may not be demerged.
13.7 Creditors' Process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value of an amount equal to or exceeding EUR 3,000,000 and is not discharged within sixty (60) days.
13.8 Impossibility or Illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable.
13.9 Continuation of the Business
The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business if such discontinuation is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.10 Acceleration of the Bonds
(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, the Trustee is entitled to, and shall, following an instruction given pursuant to Clause 13.10(d), on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Trustee determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
(b) The Trustee may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 13.10(a) by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Bondholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
(c) The Trustee shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Trustee shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Trustee decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Trustee shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Bondholders). The

24
Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
(d) If the Bondholders instruct the Trustee to accelerate the Bonds, the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Trustee, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(e) If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(f) In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 13.10, up to, but excluding, the First Call Date the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus the Applicable Premium and thereafter, as applicable considering when the acceleration occurs, the redemption amount specified in Clause 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)).
14. Distribution of Proceeds
(a) All payments by the Issuer or the Guarantor relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents following an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 13 (Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds) shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Trustee:
(i) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Trustee in accordance with the Agency Agreement (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Bondholders), (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds, or the protection of the Bondholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Trustee, (iii) any costs incurred by the Trustee for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 19.2(e), and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Trustee in relation to a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 15(c);
(ii) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);
(iii) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and

25
(iv) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer or the Guarantor.
(b) If a Bondholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 14(a)(i), such Bondholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 14(a)(i).
(c) Funds that the Trustee receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds constitute escrow funds and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Bondholders and the other interested parties. The Trustee shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 14 as soon as reasonably practicable.
(d) If the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee shall make any payment under this Clause 14, the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee, as applicable, shall notify the Bondholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 7(a) shall apply.
15. Decisions by Bondholders
(a) A request by the Trustee for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Trustee) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Trustee and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Trustee and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Trustee. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Trustee's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) The Trustee may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Trustee that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

26
(d) Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to Clause 6 (Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder) from a person who is, registered as a Bondholder:
(i) on the Record Date prior to the CSD Business Day of the Bondholders' Meeting, in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, or
(ii) at the Record Date on the CSD Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 17(c), in respect of a Written Procedure,
may exercise voting rights as a Bondholder at such Bondholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.
(e) The following matters shall require the consent of Bondholders representing at least sixty-six and two thirds (66 2/3) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 17(c):
(i) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 12 (General Undertakings);
(ii) reduce the principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Issuer;
(iii) amend any payment day for principal or interest amount or waive any breach of a payment undertaking, or
(iv) amend the provisions regarding the majority requirements under these Terms and Conditions.
(f) Any matter not covered by Clause 15(e) shall require the consent of Bondholders representing more than fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 17(c). This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 18(a)(i) or 18(a)(ii)) or an acceleration of the Bonds.
(g) Quorum at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 15(e), and otherwise twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(i) if at a Bondholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or

27
(ii) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
(h) If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Trustee or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 16(a)) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 17(a)), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 15(g) shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
(i) Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Trustee, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Trustee's consent, as appropriate.
(j) A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
(k) The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(l) A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
(m) All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Trustee for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Trustee, shall be paid by the Issuer.
(n) If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Trustee provide the Trustee with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Trustee shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.

28
(o) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites of the Group and the Trustee, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.
16. Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The Trustee shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to the CSD and each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16(a) with a copy to the Trustee. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 19.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16(a).
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 16(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders), (iv) a specification of the CSD Business Day at the end of which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights at the meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Trustee may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Trustee may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
17. Written Procedure
(a) The Trustee shall instigate a Written Procedure (which may be conducted electronically in a manner determined by the Trustee) no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.

29
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 17(a) to each Bondholder with a copy to the Trustee.
(c) A communication pursuant to Clause 17(a) shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the CSD Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Bondholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least fifteen (15) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 17(a)). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
(d) When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 15(e) and 15(f) have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 15(e) or 15(f), as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
18. Amendments and Waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Bondholders).
(b) The consent of the Bondholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment.
(c) The Trustee shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 18(a), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 10.3 (Publication of Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.

30
(d) An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Trustee, as the case may be.
19. Appointment and Replacement of the Trustee
19.1 Appointment of Trustee
(a) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder appoints:
(i) the Trustee to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Trustee to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder and to exercise such rights, powers, authorities and discretions as are specifically delegated to the Trustee by these Terms and Conditions and the Finance Documents together with all such rights, powers, authorities and discretions as are incidental thereto; and
(ii) agrees to and accepts that, upon the Trustee delivering an acceleration notice in accordance with Clause 13.10 (Acceleration of the Bonds), it will be considered to have irrevocably transferred to the Trustee all its procedural rights and legal authority to claim and collect any and all receivables under the Bonds, enforce any Finance Document and to receive any funds in respect of the Bonds or under the Finance Documents (prokurasiirto) as a result of which transfer, the Trustee shall be irrevocably entitled to take all such action in its own name but on behalf of and for the benefit of each Bondholder (at the expense of the Bondholders).
(b) By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms the appointment and authorisation for the Trustee to act on its behalf, as set forth in Clause 19.1(a).
(c) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
(d) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Trustee with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Trustee's obligations as Trustee under the Finance

31
Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
(f) The Trustee may act as agent and/or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
19.2 Duties of the Trustee
(a) The Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents. Except as specified in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent), the Trustee is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Trustee shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(c) The Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Trustee shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
(d) The Trustee shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(e) The Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Trustee pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer which the Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Trustee from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 14 (Distribution of Proceeds).
(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(g) If in the Trustee's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Trustee) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or

32
indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(h) The Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 19.2(g).
19.3 Limited liability for the Trustee
(a) The Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Trustee shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
(b) The Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Trustee or if the Trustee has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Bondholders.
(c) The Trustee shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Trustee to the Bondholders, provided that the Trustee has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Trustee for that purpose.
(d) The Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Trustee acting in accordance with instructions of the Bondholders given in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Bondholders) or a demand by Bondholders given pursuant to Clause 13.10 (Acceleration of the Bonds).
(e) Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Trustee in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
19.4 Replacement of the Trustee
(a) Subject to Clause 19.4(f), the Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Trustee at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Trustee or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Trustee.
(b) Subject to Clause 19.4(f), if the Trustee is Insolvent, the Trustee shall be deemed to resign as Trustee and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution

33
or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent and/or trustee under debt issuances.
(c) A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Trustee and appointing a new Trustee. The Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Bondholders that the Trustee be dismissed and a new Trustee appointed.
(d) If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Trustee within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Trustee was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent and trustee under debt issuances.
(e) The retiring Trustee shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Trustee such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Trustee may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Trustee under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Trustee's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Trustee and acceptance by such successor Trustee of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Trustee.
(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Trustee. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Trustee.
(h) In the event that there is a change of the Trustee in accordance with this Clause 19.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Trustee may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Trustee the rights, powers and obligation of the Trustee and releasing the retiring Trustee from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Trustee agrees otherwise, the new Trustee shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Trustee.

34
2 0 . Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent
(a) The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
(b) The Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent may retire from their respective assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent or the Paying Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent or Paying Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent or Paying Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
21. No Direct Actions by Bondholders
(a) A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or the Guarantor to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (yrityssaneeraus) or bankruptcy (konkurssi) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or the Guarantor in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
(b) Clause 21(a) shall not apply if the Trustee has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 19.1(c)), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 19.2(g), such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 19.2(h) before a Bondholder may take any action referred to in Clause 21(a).
(c) The provisions of Clause 21(a) shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 7(d), Clause 9.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.

35
22. Prescription
(a) The right to receive payment of the principal of or interest on the Bonds shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the date on which such payment became due.
(b) If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Finnish Act on Limitations (Laki velan vanhentumisesta 728/2003, as amended), a new limitation period of at least three (3) years will commence.
23. Notices and Press Releases
23.1 Notices
(a) Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(i) if to the Trustee, shall be given at the address registered with the Finnish Trade Register on the Business Day prior to dispatch;
(ii) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Malta Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch; and
(iii) if to the Bondholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Bondholders. A Notice to the Bondholders shall also be published on the websites of the Group and the Trustee.
(b) Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 23.1(a) or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 23.1(a).
(c) Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Bondholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Bondholders.
(d) If an Event of Default is continuing, any notice or other communication made by the Trustee to the Issuer under or in connection with the Finance Documents may, provided that the Trustee deems it necessary in order to preserve the Bondholders' rights under the Finance Documents, be sent by email and will be effective on the day of dispatch (unless a delivery failure message was received by the Trustee), save that any notice or other communication sent by email that is sent after 5.00 p.m. in the place of receipt shall be deemed only to become effective on the following day. Any notice or other communication to be sent by email by the Trustee to the Issuer in

36
accordance with this paragraph (c) shall be sent to the CFO or the CEO of the Issuer, to the email addresses most recently notified by the Issuer to the Trustee.
23.2 Press releases
(a) Any notice that the Issuer or the Trustee shall send to the Bondholders pursuant to Clauses 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)), Clause 9.4 (Early redemption due to a Withholding Tax Event (call option)), 10.1(c), 13.10(c), 15(o), 16(a), 17(a) and 18(c) shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.
(b) In addition to Clause 23.2(a), if any information relating to the Bonds or the Group contained in a notice the Trustee may send to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Trustee shall before it sends such information to the Bondholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Trustee considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Bondholders, the Trustee shall be entitled to issue such press release.
24. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Finland.
(b) The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Finnish courts with the District Court of Helsinki (Helsingin karajaoikeus) as the court of first instance.
(c) Clause 24(a) and 24(b) above shall not limit the right of the Trustee (or the Bondholders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.

W e h e re b y ce rtify th a t th e ab o ve te rm s and conditions are binding up on ourselves.
P'rxa: Helsinki -'.ate: 15 December 2016
Ferratum Bank p.I.c. as Issuer
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us. Place: Date: Nordic Trustee Oy as Trustee
Name:

W e h e re b y c e rtify th a t th e a b o v e te rm s an d co n d itio n s a re b in d in g u p o n ou rselves.
Place: Date: Ferratum Bank p.I.c. as Issuer
Name:

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place. Helsinli
mber 2016
Nordic Trustee Oy as Trustee

Name:

H iTn

C fcO

