N y k re d it Final Bond Terms dated 4 July 2014 These Final Bond Terms only apply to the stated ISIN(s). The Bonds have been issued pursuant to Nykredit Realkredit A/S's base prospectus dated 17 June 2014 (the "Base Prospectus"). Definitions set out in these Final Bond Terms shall be taken to be the same as those applying to 6 "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS" of the Base Prospectus. Definitions in the Base Prospectus have the same meaning in the Final Bond Terms, unless otherwise indicated by the context. Nykredit declares:
 that the Final Bond Terms have been prepared in accordance with Article 5(4) of Directive 2003/71/EC and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any prospectus supplements;
 that the Base Prospectus and any supplements to the Base Prospectus have been published electronically at Nykredit's website, nykredit.com, and at the website of the Danish FSA, ftnet.com;
 that in order to obtain all information, an investor should read the Base Prospectus, any prospectus supplements and the Final Bond Terms, and that Appendix A to the Final Bond Terms contains a summary of this specific issue.
1

Nykredit

Final Bond Terms dated 4 July 2014 Variable-Rate Bonds
1. Series/Capital centre: 2. Bond type: 3. ISIN: 4. First Day of Listing: 5. Maturity Date: 6. Denomination Currency: 7. Denomination: Interest and payment 8. Coupon Interest:
9. Reference Rate: 10. Interest Rate Spread:
11. Interest Rate Reset Frequency: 12. Fixing method: 13. Yield-to-maturity:
14. Day Count Fraction: 15. Annual number of Payment Dates: 16. Payment Periods:

Comments 22H/H SDO LU1081772680 07/07/2014 01/10/2016 EUR
0.01
For the period until the first interest rate reset, the interest rate is 0.45% Euribor/3M To be fixed at auction and published as soon as possible thereafter through the Place of Listing 3 months Sixth last banking day Cannot be specified, as the Bonds carry a floating interest rate. Actual/Actual - ICMA 4 1/1-31/3, 1/4-30/6, 1/7-30/9, 1/10-31/12

17. Business Days:
18. Payment Dates:
19. The ISIN includes: Bullet loan Annuity loan Serial loan Interest-only option Hybrid loan

TARGET2 banking days
1 January - 1 April - 1 July - 1 October
No No No Yes Yes
2

N y k re d it

20. Redemption price on prepayment:

100

21. Exempt from Par Agreement:

Yes

22. Subject to the rules governing statutory refinancing:

i) Interest rate trigger

No

Yes ii) Failed refinancing trigger

23. Place of registration:

VP Lux S.a.r.l.,32, avenue Monterey, L2163 Luxenbourg.

24. Place of Listing:

The Bonds will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of NASDAQ OMX Copenhagen A/S

25. Costs of admission to trading on a regulated market:

Cannot be specified, as it depends on the outstanding amount of Bonds of the ISIN, which again depends on the demand of the borrowers

26. Other costs payable by purchasers of Standard trading costs, ie commission and/or price

the Bonds:

spread.

27. Issue price:

The issue price cannot be specified, as the Bonds are issued on an ongoing basis as long as the ISIN is open.

28. Information on the outstanding amount of Bonds:

The outstanding amount of Bonds will be announced on an ongoing basis at the website of NASDAQ OMX CoDenhaaen A/S: www.nasdaaomxnordic.com

29. Offer period/subscription process:

There will be no public offer, as the Bonds are placed by the Issuer via the regulated market of the Place of Listing.

30. Restrictions on an individual investor's right to subscribe for the Bonds:

The Issuer has not imposed any restrictions on an individual investor's right to subscribe for the Bonds.

31. Registered Bondholders:

No

32. Agreements on placement and/or underwriting of the offer:

Nykredit has not entered into any binding agreement with any third party concerning the placement and/or underwriting of the issue of the Bonds

33. Agreements on market making:

Nykredit has not entered into an agreement with any enterprise concerning market making in the Bonds

3

N y k re d it

34. Conflicts of interest:
35. Authorisations and approvals pursuant to which the Bonds have been issued:
36. Credit rating of the Bonds:

Nykredit is not aware of any conflicts of interest of importance to the offering of the Bonds. Finance Committee 23 June 2014
AAA S&P

4

Nykredit

Annex A SUMMARY This summary is based on information requirements, each requirement referred to as an element. These elements are numbered in paragraphs A - E (A.l - E.7). This summary includes all the elements required of a summary of this type of issuer and security. As not all elements need to be disclosed, the numbering of the elements is interrupted. Although an element must be included in the summary due to the type of issuer or security, it may be impossible to find relevant information on a given element. In that case, there will be a brief description of the element together with the text "Not relevant".

Paragraph A - Introduction and warnings

A.l

Introduction and

warnings

Nykredit draws the attention of prospective investors to the fact that:  This summary should be read as an introduction to the Base
Prospectus;

 Any decision to invest in the Bonds should be founded on the Base Prospectus in its entirety;

 If an action involving the information contained in the Base Prospectus is brought before a court of law pursuant to national law in the member states, the plaintiff investor may be obliged to bear the costs of translating the Base Prospectus before the proceedings commence; and

 Only the persons who have submitted the summary or any translations thereof may incur civil liability, but only provided that the summary is misleading, incorrect or discrepant when read in conjunction with other parts of the Base Prospectus, or it does not contain key information when read in conjunction with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, which key information will facilitate investors' decision on investment in the Bonds.

A.2

Consent to use the Base

Prospectus in connection

with a subsequent resale

The Issuer expressly consents to the use of the Base Prospectus for the resale or final placement of the Bonds through financial intermediaries;
The consent will be in force as long as the Base Prospectus is valid - ie up to 12 months from the date of approval subject to the prior revocation, cancellation or replacement of the Base Prospectus in which case the Issuer will release a stock exchange announcement to this effect.
Any conditions relating to the consent made to financial intermediaries will be set out in the Final Bond Terms for the specific issue and the attached summary for the specific issue.
If a financial intermediary uses the Base Prospectus to offer Bonds, the financial intermediary is obliged to inform investors of the terms and conditions for the offering at the time of the offering.
5

Nykredit

- Financial intermediaries using the Base Prospectus are obliged to state at their website that they use the Base Prospectus in accordance with the related commitments and conditions.

Paragraph B -- Issuer

B.l

Legal name and

Nykredit Realkredit A/S. The issuer carries on business under the

secondary names of the following secondary names: Industrikredit A/S, IRF

Issuer

Erhvervsfinansiering A/S, IRF Industrifinansiering A/S, IRF

Industrikredit A/S, Nykredit A/S, Nykredit Industri A/S and

Realkreditaktieselskabet Nykredit.

B.2

The Issuer's registered Nykredit Realkredit A/S is a Danish public limited company.

office and legal form,

The Issuer carries on mortgage banking activities in accordance with

legislation applying to the Danish Financial Business Act.

the Issuer and country Nykredit's registered address is Kalvebod Brygge 1-3, DK-1780

of incorporation

Copenhagen V, Denmark.

B.4b

Known trends affecting the Issuer and the sectors within which the Issuer is operating

Not relevant; Nykredit is not aware of any trends which are expected to affect the Issuer and the sectors within which the Issuer is operating.

B.5

Description of the group Nykredit is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nykredit Holding A/S. The

and the Issuer's group following companies are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Nykredit:

affiliation

Total kredit A/S, Nykredit Bank A/S, Nykredit Mægler A/S, Nykredit

Ejendomme A/S, Ejendomsselskabet Kalvebod A/S, Nykredit

Portefølje Adm. A/S and Nykredit Leasing A/S.

B.9

If any earnings

Not relevant; Nykredit does not include any earnings expectations or

expectations or

forecasts.

forecasts are stated,

the figure should be

stated

B.10

Qualifications in the auditors' report concerning historical financial information

Not relevant; the auditors' report concerning historical financial information does not contain any qualifications.

B.12

Important financial information, no material deterioration or material changes in the financial statements

DKK million Core income from business operations Operating costs, depreciation and

Ql/2014 Ql/2013 2013 2012

2,741

2,565 10,430 10,200

6

N y k re d it

amortisation, excluding special value adjustments Core earnings before impairment losses Impairment losses on loans and advances Core earnings after impairment losses Investment portfolio income Profit before tax Core Tier 1 capital ratio, % Total capital ratio, % (formerly capital adequacy ratio)

1,272
1,158
515
643
349 878
16.0 18.3

1,420 5,758 5,776

1,057 3,251 3,315

687 2,764 2,149

370

487 1,166

668 1,887 2,444 923 1,914 3,145

15.9 19.1

15.8 18.9

15.8 19.1

The Group's assets totalled DKK l,417bn at 31 December 2013. The Group's equity amounted to DKK 59bn at 31 December 2013, and profit before tax for the financial year ended 31 December 2013 was DKK 1,914m.

The outlook for Nykredit has not deteriorated significantly since the end of the last financial period.

No significant changes in terms of financial position or trading have been recorded since the period covered by historical financial information.

B.13

Recent events which materially affect the assessment of the Issuer's capital adequacy

Nykredit issued subordinated debt in the form of Tier 2 capital totalling about DKK 4.5bn in early June 2014, which had a positive effect on Nykredit's total capital ratio.

B.14

The Issuer's dependence on other entities in the Group

Nykredit's financial circumstances depend on the financial circumstances of other group companies.

B.15

Description of the Issuer's main activities

Nykredit's main activities are mortgage banking in Denmark and a number of other European countries. By far the largest part of Nykredit's activities are carried on in Denmark. Nykredit and the other companies of the Nykredit Group have two main business areas: Retail and Wholesale. Further, Nykredit carries on banking activities through the subsidiary Nykredit Bank A/S.

B.16

Statement as to

Nykredit is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nykredit Holding A/S.
7

Nykredit

whether the Issuer is directly or indirectly controlled by others, including who and how

B.17

Credit assessment of the Issuer

Paragraph C - Securities

C .l

Type and class of

securities offered

The Issuer and its issues of securities have been rated by international credit rating agencies as follows:

Ratings Capital Centre E (SDOs) Capital Centre E (Section 15 Bonds) Capital Centre D (ROs) Capital Centre D (Section 15 Bonds) Capital Centre C (ROs) Capital Centre G (ROs) Capital Centre H (SDOs) Capital Centre H (Section 15 Bonds) Capital Centre I (ROs) Nykredit Realkredit In General (ROs) Short-term unsecured rating Long-term unsecured rating (issuer rating) Additional Tier 1 capital

S&P AAA A+ AAA A+ AAA AAA AAA A+ AAA AAA A-l A+ BBB

Fitch
FI A

Nykredit has not applied for a rating of Section 15 Bonds issued through Capital Centres G and I, for which reason they are not listed.

S&P has assigned a long-term unsecured issuer rating to Nykredit with negative outlook, which means that the rating may be lowered in the next two years. This will probably have a corresponding impact on the rated Section 15 Bonds.

The Bonds are SDOs (" issued to fund mortgage loans.
The ISIN is LU1081772680.

særligtdækkede

C.2

Denomination currency EURO (EUR)

of the Bonds

C.5

Description of any

restriction of the

negotiability of the

securities

Not relevant; The Bonds are negotiable instruments issued in bulk.

C.8

Description of the rights The holders of Covered Securities have a primary preferential right to

pertaining to the Bonds all assets in the capital centre through which the relevant Covered

Securities were issued. If the assets of Nykredit's capital centres

8

Jl),w

N y k re d it

cover the holders of the Covered Securities insufficiently, the holders of the residual claims have a preferential right to the assets of Nykredit Realkredit In General.
Nykredit may purchase the Bonds (or part thereof) prior to their maturity and keep such Bonds as self-issued Bonds or amortise them by cancellation.
The Bonds are governed by Danish law.

C.9

Interest rate and yield-

· Reference rate, EURIBOR/3

to-maturity; deferral of

· Interest rate spread, to be fixed at auction

interest; redemption on

· Interest rate fixing frequency, 3 months

maturity; name of the

bond agent

Representation of the Bondholders is not possible.

C.10

Derivative component Not relevant; the Bonds have no derivative component in the interest in the interest payment payment.

C .ll

Admission to trading

If Nykredit applies for admission of the Bonds to trading on a regulated market such as NASDAQ OMX Copenhagen A/S from 7 July 2014

Paragraph D - Risk

D.2

Main risks pertaining to Nykredit's activities involve elements of risk. In case of failed risk

the Issuer

management, Nykredit may incur financial losses, and Nykredit's

reputation may be damaged. Nykredit has defined and manages the

following types of risk:  Credit risk

 Market risk

 Liquidity risk

 Risk relating to the implementation of Basel III rules

 Risk relating to regulatory capital

 Operational risk

 Business risk

 Competition within mortgage lending.

Nykredit is subject to the balance principle, and hence Nykredit may only to a limited extent assume risk other than credit risk.

D.3

Main risks pertaining to Investment in the Bonds is subject to a number of risk factors of

the securities

which interested investors should be aware. This includes the

framework of the issued SDOs and/or ROs, the rights as secured

creditors conferred on the holders of Section 15 Bonds, deferral of

payments on bankruptcy or non-compliance with the balance

principle, matters relating to the funding of the lending of other credit

institutions, choice of balance principle, statutory refinancing and risk

management (interest rate, foreign exchange, option and liquidity

9

Nykredit

risk).

Paragraph E - Offering

E.2b

The purpose of the offering and use of the proceeds other than the purpose of generating a profit and/or hedging risk

The proceeds from the issuance and sale of Covered Securities serve to fund loans secured by mortgages over real estate, unsecured loans to public authorities or loans guaranteed by public authorities.

E.3

Terms and conditions of No investors have any pre-emption rights to purchase Bonds issued

the offering

under the Base Prospectus.

The Bonds may be offered as:  Private placements;  Market sales;  Auction sales on NASDAQ OMX Copenhagen A/S or an other
regulated market; and  Sales via arrangers of syndicated issues.

Only members of NASDAQ OMX Copenhagen A/S may participate in auctions held via the systems of NASDAQ OMX Copenhagen A/S in connection with loan refinancing. Other investors may participate by making bids through a member of NASDAQ OMX Copenhagen A/S.

The terms and conditions of the Bonds will appear from the Final Bond Terms.

E.4

Interests which are

With respect to the Bonds, the stakeholders are the borrowers whose

material to issuance,

loans have been funded by the Bonds, the Bondholders, Nykredit and

including conflicts of

public authorities.

interest

Nykredit is not aware of any interests and/or conflicts of interest

which are of importance to the offering of the Bonds. Any interests

and/or conflicts of interest which are of importance to Nykredit in

connection with a bond issue, including specification of the persons

involved and the nature of the interest, will be set out the Final Bond

Terms.

E.7

Estimated expenses of Standard trading costs (commission and/or price spread).

investors

Nykredit is not aware of any expenses which an investor may be

charged by a financial intermediary nor are they of relevance to

Nykredit.

10

