Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 00 1 0529159 -FRN Storebrand Multi Strategy XXL Ltd. Bond Issue 2009/2019
Oslo, 06 February 2014
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - amendment of Bond Agreement
1. Introduction
N orsk Tillitsm ann A S A is appointed as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee") for the above m entioned bond issue (the "Bond Issue"), w hich is governed by a bond agreem ent (the "Bond Agreement") entered into 15 July 2009, by Storebrand M ulti Strategy XXL Ltd as the issuer (the "Issuer") and the Bond Trustee.
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Bond Agreement, unless otherwise stated in this summons.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
The Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' meeting to consider a request for consent as set out herein.
2. Proposal
The Issuer proposes a resolution be passed by the Bondholders, whereby the Bond Agreement is am ended as follow s (the "Proposal"):
1) The Bondholders waives the required ten Business D ays' notice period for this Bondholders' meeting.
2) The Bond Agreement shall be amended so that the Issuer may exercise its Call option with 5 Business Days' notice period.
3) The Bond Agreement shall be amended so that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Bonds (including accrued interest) on the Maturity Date or the Call settlement date with delivery o f fund units in the hedgefimd Storebrand M ulti Strategy Ltd ("SMS Fund Units", a fund ow ned by the Issuer) w ith respect to all, but not some only, o f the Bonds. The most current o f the last official net asset value estimate and the last available 5th business day estim ate for the net asset value per share for SMS Fund Units at the settlement date shall be used to determine the number o f SMS Fund Units to be delivered to the Bondholders.

To enable the Issuer to conduct the proposed change o f the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval o f the proposed changes.

3. Non- reliance

Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

4. Bondholders' Meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time: Place:

07 February 2014, 0900 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda:

1. A pproval o f the summons. 2. Approval o f the agenda. 3. Election o f two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:

"The Bondholders ' M eeting approves the P roposal as described in section 2 o f the summons fo r this Bondholders ' Meeting.

The B o n d Trustee is hereby authorized to complete the negotiation o f form, terms, conditions and tim ing in relation to the Proposal, w ithout any obligation to notify the Bondholders as providedfo r in the B ond Agreement. Further, the B ond Trustee is given pow er o f attorney to enter into necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders 'M eeting as well as to carry out the necessary completion o f work, including making amendments to the B ond A greem ent and enter into an addendum agreement to the B ond Agreement. "

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 100% o f the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 100% o f the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

-2 -

Please find attached a B ondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership o f the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner o f the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.) The individual bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the B ondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form , authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, m ust then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page o f this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new ow ner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership o f the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by e-m ail fmail@trustee.no') w ithin 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsntann A
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
-3 -

