NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er hm utarbeidetpå engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001 066040.0 - "9.00 per cent TiZir Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017"
Oslo, 7 May 2014
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Amendments of Bond Agreement
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA acts as trustee (the "Bond Trustee") for the holders of bonds in the above-mentioned bond issue ISIN NO 001 066040.0 (in the total outstanding amount of USD 150 million) (the "Bond Issue") issued by TiZir Ltd (the "Issuer").
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 26 September 2012 and made between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein. References to Clauses and paragraphs are references to Clauses and paragraphs of the Bond Agreement.
The information in this summons regarding the legal, operational and financial status o f the Issuer is provided by the Issuer. The Bond Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever related to such information given from the Issuer.
1 BACKGROUND
The Issuer is a United Kingdom incorporated joint venture between Eramet SA of France ("Eramet") and Mineral Deposits Limited ("MDL") of Australia, with each holding 50% of the Issuer's shares. The Issuer holds two assets, a mineral sands mine and associated infrastructure in Senegal (the "Grande Cote Mine"), and an ilmenite upgrading facility in Tyssedal, Norway (the "Tyssedal Plant").
The Issuer raised its first bond issue of USD 150 million in September 2012 with the purpose of partially financing the construction of the Grande Cote Mine.
The Issuer proposes to increase the current size of the Bond Issue from USD 150 million to a total borrowing limit of USD 300 million and intends to tap up to USD 125 million immediately.
Grande Cote
After more than two years of actual construction involving some 11 million man hours, the Grande Cote Mine was completed in mid-February 2014, at a construction cost of approximately USD 650 million. The construction entailed a very significant and diverse construction effort encompassing:

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

· a dredge with the capacity to process sand at a rate of more than 7,000 tonnes per hour; · a 170 meter long, four-module floating wet concentrator plant ("WCP") to separate the
heavy mineral concentrate ("HMC") from the sand; · a full mineral separation plant - to break-down the HMC into the various minerals, being
zircon, ilmenite, rutile and leucoxene; · a 36 megawatt power station, providing power self-sufficiency; · water, electrical, office and road infrastructure; and · 22 kilometres of new rail, the refurbishment of over 120 kilometers of existing rail and
the erection of a storage and ship-loading facility at the Port of Dakar which, together with TiZir's own locomotives and rolling stock, provides a totally integrated logistics solution from mine to ship.
The actual construction cost of approximately USD 650 million compares with an estimate of approximately USD 521 million at the time of the original Bond Issue. The main areas where the increased cost arose were in the WCP (particularly with the addition of a further module to densify the sand tailings) and the mineral separation plant, largely due to the underestimation of the volume of parts and equipment as well as services required. The increased cost was funded by USD 80 million of subordinated loans provided equally by ERAMET and MDL and internally generated earnings from the Tyssedal Plant.
Flooding of the start-up pond containing the dredge and the WCP occurred late-January 2014. The mining of sand and production of HMC commenced late-March 2014. The ramp up of mining has recently been hampered by problems with a number of seals on major pumps on the WCP which has caused delays while new seals are manufactured and properly fitted.
Full production capacity is expected to be progressively built over the balance of 2014 and the early part of 2015. Once in full production, it is expected that some 85,000 tonnes of zircon and 575,000 tonnes of ilmenite will be produced on-average each year over a mine life of at least 20 years, providing a major source of earnings and cash flow.
Tyssedal Plant
Whilst the Tyssedal Plant had a solid operational performance in 2013, with production volumes 5% higher than 2012 levels, earnings were more than 50% below those achieved in 2012, primarily due to lower prices being received for titanium slag.
Titanium slag sales of 197,100 tonnes were 26% higher than 2012, however average pricing was 33% lower than 2012 levels which led to 16% lower revenue. In addition, sales volumes of high purity pig iron of 114,500 were 10% higher than 2012, but with average pricing 20% lower than 2012 levels, revenue was 10% lower.
With 15% lower revenue overall, and a modest increase in costs on a per tonne basis (largely due to costs associated with expansion projects that have since been wound back), EBITDA at the Tyssedal Plant decreased from USD 112.2 million in 2012 to USD 52.2 million in 2013 (excluding the benefit of USD 11.4 million of insurance proceeds).
The reduced pricing for titanium slag, which declined throughout the year, was associated with weak demand for titanium dioxide feedstock across the board from pigment producers,

2 -

-

the Tyssedal Plant's primary customers. Refer below under "Market" for further commentary on pricing. Production from the Tyssedal Plant in 2014 is anticipated to be consistent with 2013, however, earnings are expected to be lower due to anticipated lower overall average pricing for titanium slag sales. In 2015, it is planned that the Tyssedal Plant will be shut down for a three month period from August through October for (i) a major scheduled maintenance program (including a reline of the furnace), and (ii) an approximate 15% capacity upgrade (from 200,000 tonnes per annum to 230,000 tonnes per annum of slag) through installation of a new furnace roof. The estimated capital expenditure for the program is USD 70-80 million. The Tyssedal Plant currently sources the majority of its ilmenite feedstock from the Tellnes mine in Norway and produces sulphate titanium slag, which is predominately sold to pigment producers using the sulphate process to make pigment. Once the third quarter 2015 capacity upgrade and maintenance program has been undertaken, the Tyssedal Plant has the flexibility to integrate with the Grande Cote Mine to source its ilmenite and therefore produce chloride titanium slag, which would be sold to chloride process pigment producers. Chloride slag typically sells at a USD 200-300 premium per tonne to sulphate slag. Market Titanium feedstock prices increased strongly in the first half of 2012 on the back of buoyant downstream demand from pigment producers (which use approximately 90% of feedstock) and supply constraints. During 2013, subdued market conditions pervaded with an overall downward pricing trend for all feedstock products as pigment producers set about reducing their highly elevated pigment inventory levels with which they entered the 2013 year. While the outlook for 2014 is for improved market conditions (as the pigment market recovers from one of the most weakened positions in many years), the timing of a full recovery is unlikely before the second half at the earliest as supply tightens.
-3 -

US$M

Ti02 Feedstock Prices

Source: TZMI, TiZir nominal USD/t FOB estimates
Zircon prices increased significantly in 2011 and 2012 largely due strong China-led demand (the largest consuming market, primarily for ceramic tiles) as well as supply constraints.
Pricing reduced significantly in 2013 reflecting weak underlying demand, a squeezing of margins throughout the value chain, as well as thrifting-of-use and substitution in ceramic tiles.
While a relatively flat pricing environment for zircon is anticipated in 2014, many industry participants remain confident about the long term outlook for zircon and expect consistent growth in the future

US$M

Zircon Prices

Source: TZMI, TiZir nominal USD/t FOB estimates

4 -

-

Use ofproceedsfrom proposed tap issue up to USD 125 million
The proceeds from the contemplated tap issue up to USD 125 million will be used towards (i) the funding of the Tyssedal Plant upgrade (which has an estimated cost of USD 70-80 million), and (ii) the buildup of working capital at the Grande Cote Mine.
Due to lower titanium slag prices which have reduced the earnings of the Tyssedal Plant, as well as a delayed commencement of production from the Grande Cote Mine, the Issuer's earnings are currently weaker than anticipated and therefore cannot be utilized as a major source of funding needs at present.

For further information about the Issuer, please visit the Issuer's website www.tizir.co.uk.

2 PROPOSAL
In accordance with Clause 17.1 of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' Meeting in order to obtain the Bondholders approval to the proposed amendments to the Bond Agreement as described below, pursuant to the authority given to the Bondholders' Meeting under Clause 16.1 of the Bond Agreement.

The Issuer proposes the following (the "Proposals"):

2.1 New Borrowing Limit
The Issuer proposes to increase the current size of the Bond Issue from USD 150 million to a total borrowing limit of USD 300 million of which the Issuer intends to tap up to USD 125 million immediately.

2.2 Amendments to the Security Interest
The Issuer proposes to provide the Bondholders with additional Security through a share pledge over the shares in TiZir Mauritius Limited, a company incorporated in the Republic of Mauritius, 100% owned by the Issuer and 90% owner of the Grande Cote Mine (the remaining 10% being owned by the Government of Senegal).

2.3 On-demand Guarantee from Tizir Titanium & Iron AS
The Issuer has agreed that TiZir Titanium & Iron AS ("TTI"), the entity which owns the Tyssedal Plant, will issue an on-demand guarantee for the Bonds in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders). Such a guarantee was not legally possible at the time of the original Bond Issue.

In exchange, the "springing" security structure within TTI will be deleted.
2.4 Amendment of the Interest Coverage Ratio
The Issuer proposes to amend and restate the Interest Coverage Ratio in Clause 13.5 (c) of the Bond Agreement in its entirety to be read as follows:

Interest Coverage Ratio

5 -

-

"The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Interest Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.25 measured the first time at 31 December 2015 and not less than 2.5 anytime thereafter. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be subject to measurement of compliance prior to 31 December 2015."
2.5 Amendment of the Negative Pledge and restrictions on Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer proposes to increase the existing carve out for other secured Financial Indebtedness incurred by any Group Company in the ordinary course of business from USD 50 million to USD 125 million in aggregate.
For information, TTI currently has a USD 50 million working capital facility in place with SR-Bank in Norway secured by TTI's inventory and trade receivables of which USD 37 million was drawn at 31 March 2014. The Issuer is also proposing to put in place a USD 50 million working capital facility for the Grande Cote Mine within the proposed USD 75 million increased carve out for other Financial Indebtedness.
In addition, the Issuer agrees to delete the carve-out for Permitted Indebtedness of up to USD 300 million for the purpose of financing capital expenditure related to a second furnace at the Tyssedal Plant. The envisaged capacity increase through a second furnace will not be realized during the term of the Bond Issue, and this carve-out is consequently no longer relevant.
2.6 Amendment of Call Option - increase of call premium
The Issuer proposes to amend and restate the Call Option in Clause 10.2.1 (a) of the Bond Agreement in its entirety to be read as follows:
"with settlement date at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in September 2015, to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in September 2016 at a price equal to 106% of the Face Value plus accrued interests on redeemed amount;"
2.7 Other Amendments
Based on the proposed amendments as described in 2.1 to 2.6 above, there will be certain consequential amendments of the Bond Agreement not specified herein.
2.8 Amendment fee
As a compensation to the Bondholders, the Issuer offers the Bondholders a one-time amendment fee of 0.50% (flat) of the face value of the Bonds, payable to the Bondholders (with record date at end-of-business the date of the Bondholders' Meeting), within 10 banking days after the Bondholders' Meeting, provided that the Bondholders' Meeting accept the proposed changes as set out in Clause 2 of this Summons.
3 EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED AMENDMENTS
3.1 The Issuer's evaluation
The Issuer regrets to approach the Bondholders in the Bond Issue, asking for the amendments included in the Proposal. At the same time, the Issuer is emphasizing the significant

6 -

-

investment made into the Grande Cote Mine being added to the security package and the potential from the Grande Cote Mine. With mining operations at the Grande Cote Mine having commenced, the Issuer's earnings are expected to improve significantly, particularly in 2016 when the Grande Cote Mine is operating at full capacity and post the completion of the expansion of the Tyssedal Plant in 2015.
The Issuer believes a 0.50% one-time waiver fee, coupled with the introduction of additional security and increased Call Option should be fair compensation for the Bondholders to accept the covenant amendment and increase in borrowing limit.
The Issuer has engaged Pareto Securities AS, GMP Securities Europe LLP and Fondsfinans AS as the Issuer's financial advisors (the "Advisors") with respect to the Proposal. Accordingly, Bondholders may contact Pareto Securities AS Fixed Income Sales at +47 22 87 87 70, GMP Securities Europe Fixed Income Sales at +44 207 647 8475 and Fondsfinans AS Fixed Income Sales at +47 23 11 30 70 for further information.
The Advisors are acting solely for the Issuer and no-one else in connection with the Proposal. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the Advisors with respect to the Issuer and the Advisors expressly disclaim any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to the information contained herein).

3.2 The Bond Trustee's disclaimer/non-reliance
Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders from the Bond Trustee. Bondholders should independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly.

The information in this summons regarding the legal, operational and financial status o f the Issuer is provided by the Issuer. The Bond Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever related to such information given from the Issuer.

4 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING: Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: 21 May 2014 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time). Place: The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA,
Haakon VIIs gt 1, 0116 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for amendments of the Bond Agreement.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:

The Proposal (as defined in the summons to this Bondholders ' meeting) is approved by the Bondholders 'meeting.

7 -

-

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given the power of attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with decisions made by the Bondholders' Meeting as well as carry out necessary completion work, including to make other necessary amendments of the Bond Agreement.
H= *
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing more than two-thirds (2/3) of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting in person or by proxy. If the Proposal is not approved by the Bondholders, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm: (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) by 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

8 -

-

