NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0364250 -11.0 per cent Cecon ASA Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2007/2012
Oslo, 31 January 2008
Change of Borrower - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. Background
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Norsk Tillitsmann") is appointed as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee") for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Loan") where Cecon ASA ("Cecon") is the borrower.
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the agreement of the Loan (the "Loan Agreement") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
In the current structure, Cecon is acting as borrower for the Loan while its 100% owned subsidiary Cecon Shipping 1 AS ("Cecon 1") is acting as guarantor. Cecon 1 is party to the construction contracts in respect o f hull nos. 717 and 718 (the "Newbuildings"), and is further the registered owner of the Newbuildings in the Canadian Ship Registry. As provided for in the Loan Agreement, the two hulls/Vessels may in the future be separated in two Vessel Owning Companies.
The third hull, no. 719, which is not included in the bond financing, is owned by another 100 % subsidiary, Cecon Shipping 3 AS ("Cecon 3"). Part of the instalments paid under the respective construction contracts for hull no 717, 718 and 719 are secured by a refund guarantee in the aggregate amount of USD 18.5 million (the "Yard Refund Guarantee") issued by the holding company o f the yard, Davie AS.
Cecon has decided to take advantage of the new shipping tax regime with a close to zero tax on income by entering their ship owning companies into the Norwegian tonnage tax regime. However, for ship owning companies within the tonnage tax regime certain restrictions will apply, inter alia, such companies will not be allowed to grant guarantees or third party security for companies outside the Norwegian tonnage tax regime. Between companies within the tonnage tax regime, no such restrictions apply.

MAILING ADDRESS · P.O.BOX I47O VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LOCATION · HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

+47 22 87 94 00 fax « +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail ® mail@trustee.no

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
The Vessel Owning Companies are treated as inside the Norwegian tonnage tax regime. Cecon, the parent company of the Group, will however be treated as a company outside the Norwegian tonnage tax regime. Consequently, the current guarantee and security granted by Cecon 1 for the Loan can not be maintained under the Norwegian tonnage tax regime. Below is set out a proposition of how to secure the Loan without conflicting with the described restrictions.
Further, in order to maintain flexibility with regards to the ownership and operation of each vessel, Cecon wishes to transfer the ownership of hull no 717 and the pertaining construction contract to Cecon Shipping 2 AS ("Cecon 2"). The transfer will probably be made by way of demerger where Cecon 2 will be receiving the relevant assets demerged from Cecon 1. Such arrangement is provided for in the Loan Agreement and will not infringe the Loan Agreement provided compliance with the agreed security requirements.
In compliance with the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Loan is currently secured by the following security (the "Security") (currently registered on first priority, but these securities shall cede priority to the securities to be issued in respect of the first priority financing as further set out below):
1. Pledges over operating assets/floating charges (issued by both Cecon and Cecon 1) 2. Pledge over 100 % of the shares in Cecon 1 3. Guarantee issued by Cecon 1 4. Assignment of construction contracts, the Yard Refund Guarantee (to the extent relevant to the Vessels under construction) and insurances in respect of the Newbuildings. 5. Mortgage over the Newbuildings under construction, registered in the Canadian Ship Registry.
If the hulls/Vessels are separated in Cecon 1 and Cecon 2, corresponding security will be granted by Cecon 2 as granted by Cecon 1.
Cecon is currently finalising the negotiations relating to the first priority financing the newbuildings and hull no. 719, and as provided for in the Loan Agreement, the Security will cede priority to the securities to be granted by the Cecon companies for an amount of USD 110 million (or up to USD 125 million on certain conditions) when such first priority financing is agreed.
2. The Proposal
The proposed changes will imply that instead of having the parent company as borrower with upstream guarantees from the two relevant subsidiaries, the two relevant subsidiaries will be co-borrowers and there will be established a on demand guarantee from the parent company.
These changes will bring the Bondholders closer to the secured assets and cash flow. The proposed change o f borrower will not reduce the collateral security.
The decision to take advantage of the new shipping tax regime with a close to zero tax on income by entering their ship owning companies into the Norwegian tonnage tax regime will also be an improvement for the Bondholders.
-2 -

N O R SK TILLITSM A N N ASA

To enable the borrower to conduct the proposed change o f the Loan Agreement, Cecon has requested Norsk Tillitsmann to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.

The proposed change of debtor should, in the Loan Trustee's opinion, imply a slightly improvement of the Bondholders' creditors position, and the Loan Trustee recommend therefore the Bondholders to approve the proposed change o f borrower. Nevertheless, the Bondholders themselves must evaluate, based on an assessment of all the proposed changes, whether such proposed changes should be accepted. It is recommended that the bondholders consult with tax advisors as to the possible tax consequences of the Proposed Amendment.

3. Bondholders' meeting: Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

Monday 11 February 2008 at 12.00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7th floor

Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Loan Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

Proposed changes to the bond loan agreement and pertaining security documents

We propose the following amendments:
1. The position o f borrower under the bond loan agreement is transferred from Cecon to (1) Cecon 1 (2) (if applicable) Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 as joint and several borrowers (co-borrowers). The new borrower/co-borrowers (as the case may be) resume(s) full responsibility for any amount already drawn and any new amounts to be drawn under the Loan Agreement. In line with this the Escrow Account should be transferred to one or both o f the co-borrowers.

For the avoidance o f doubt, until the two hulls/Vessels are separated in two companies, Cecon 1 shall be the only borrower. However, Cecon 1 may without any further approval from the Bondholders separate the hulls/Vessels in two companies, after which there shall be two co borrowers.

-3 -

NO RSK TIL L IT SM A N N ASA
2. Cecon shall execute a parent company on demand guarantee in favour o f Norsk Tillitsmann ASA on behalf o f the bond holders guaranteeing all obligations o f the co-borrowers under the Loan Agreement. Thus, Cecon remains fully liable for the obligations under the Loan Agreement as new guarantor, instead o f borrower as under the previous structure.
3. The Security will be maintained however with logical adjustments such as pledges and assignments with regards to assets to be transferred to Cecon 2 will be granted by Cecon 2.
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 o f the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Norsk Tillitsmann accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely N op k Tillitsmann ASA
Linn Verås
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
-4 -

