EXECUTION VERSION

ISIN NO 001 0675671

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT NO. 2 to the
BOND AGREEMENT
between Sterling Resources (UK) Plc
("Issuer") Sterling Resources Ltd.
("Guarantor") Midia Resources S.R.L.
("Midia Resources") and
Nordic Trustee ASA ("Bond Trustee") on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 9 PER CENT STERLING RESOURCES (UK) PLC SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2013/2019 dated 22 May 2015

L_6188632_V, 22.05.1 5 9656093

2/10
This amendment and restatement agreement has been entered into on 22 May 2015 between

(i)

Sterling Resources (UK) plc, (previously Sterling Resources (UK) Ltd.) (a company

existing under the laws of England with company registration number 03531783) as issuer

(the "Issuer");

(2)

Sterling Resources Ltd., (a company existing under the laws of the Province of Alberta,

Canada, with corporate access number 202245320 as parent and guarantor (the

"Guarantor");

()

Midia Resources S.R.L., (a company existing under the laws of Romania, with

registration number J40/4623/2007) as guarantor ("Midia Resources");

and

() Nordic Trustee ASA (previously Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond
Trustee"),

(hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Parties" and, individually, as a "Party")

WHEREAS:

(A) Pursuant to a bond agreement originally dated 2 May 2013, as amended and restated on 12 December 2014, between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, the Issuer issued USD 225,000,000 of Bonds under the 9 per cent Sterling Resources (UK) plc Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2019 with ISIN NO 001 0675671 (the "Bond Agreement").
(B) The Issuer has requested certain amendments to the Bond Agreement as set out herein with the intention of strengthening the group's liquidity position for the next few months while it pursues a refinancing of the Bond Issue, potentially in combination with one or more asset sales.
(C) On 23 April 2015 the Issuer summoned a bondholders' meeting (the "Bondholders' Meeting") and put forward to the Bondholders a proposal, as amended by a notice to Bondholders dated 29 April 2015, to make certain waivers and amendments to the Bond Agreement (together referred to as the "Waivers and Amendments"). The Waivers and Amendments were approved by the Bondholders' Meeting held on 8 May 2015.
(D) This Agreement, together with the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement attached as Schedule i hereto, sets out the amendments to the Bond Agreement approved by the Bondholders at the Bondholders' Meeting.

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions

In this Agreement, the foliowing terms shall have the following meanings:

L_6,88632_V1 22.05.15 92656093

3/10

"Agreement" means this amendment and restatement agreement flO. 2 including its Schedules.

"Amended and Restated Bond Agreement" means the Bond Agreement, as amended and restated by this Agreement in the form set out in Schedule i hereto.

"Amendment Fee" means the amendment fee equal to USD 3,000,000 to be paid by the Issuer to the Bondholders for making the Waivers and Amendments.

"Bond Agreement" means the original Bond Agreement dated 2 May 2013, as amended and restated Ofl 12 December 2014, between Sterling Resources (UK) plc as issuer and Nordic Trustee ASA as bond trustee, including any Attachments to it.

"Effective Date" means the date the Bond Trustee has confirmed in writing to the Bondholders and the Issuer that the conditions precedent pursuant to Clause 2 (Conditions Precederit) herein have been satisfied, such date to occur latest by 22 May 2015, unless extended pursuant to Clause 2.2.

"Financial Adviser" means FTI Consulting, which has been appointed as financial adviser pursuant to Clause 9.1 of the amendment and restatement agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee dated 12 December 2014.

"Legal Documeritation" means the Finance Documents, the Project Documents and any other legal documentation relating to the Bonds.

"Obligors" means the Issuer, the Guarantor and Midia Resources.

"Romanian Assets Disposal Completion" means the date on which the Group receives the Romanian Consideration.

1.2

In this Agreement, including the preambie hereto (unless the context otherwise requires),

all capitalised terms or expressions shall have the meaning ascribed to such term or

expression in the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement unless otherwise explicitly

defined herein.

2.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

2.1

The provisions of Clause 5 (Amendment and Restatement) shall become effective on the

Effective Date, provided that the Bond Trustee has received all the documents and other

evidence listed below:

(a)

the Waivers and Amendments having been duly approved by a 2/3 majority of

Voting Bonds present at the Bondholders' Meeting;

(b) this Agreement including (for the avoidance of doubt) the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement having been duly executed by the Parties;

(c) the delivery of any legal opinion as may be reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in relation to the entry into of this Agreement and the Schedules hereto;

L6188632 Vi 22O5.15 92656-093

4/10
(d) all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer and relevant Group Companies having been duly made and delivered to the Bond Trustee; and
(e) copies of each of the Issuer's, the Guarantors and Midia Resources' constitutional documents, including its certificate of incorporation and memorandum and articles of association,
each in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, unless waived by the Bond Trustee in its discretion. The Bond Trustee shall notif' the Issuer promptly upon being so satisfied.

2.2

If the conditions in Clause 2.1 above have not been fulfilled or waived by the Bond Trustee

by 22 May 2015 (or by such later date as may be agreed in writing between the Bond Trustee

and the Issuer), then this Agreement shall thereupon become null and void and neither of

the Parties shall have any rights against the other Party hereunder.

3.

AMENDMENT FEES

3.1

The Issuer shall pay the Amendment Fee to the Bondholders no later than 17:00 hours (Oslo

time) on 30 May 2015. The Amendment Fee shall be paid to the Bondholders on a pro-rata

basis through the Securities Depository (with the record date being 8 May 2015).

3.2

In the event that the Romanian Assets Disposal Completion has not occurred by:

(a)

24:00 hours (midnight) (Oslo time) on 15 July 2015, the Issuer shall pay an

additional fee of USD 750,000 to Bondholders no later than 22 July 2015, to be

paid to the Bondholders on a pro-rata basis through the Securities Depository

(with the record date being 15 July 2015);

(b)

24:00 hours (midnight) (Oslo time) on 14 August 2015, the Issuer shall pay an

additional fee of USD 750,000 to Bondholders no later than 21 August 2015, to be

paid to the Bondholders on a pro-rata basis through the Securities Depository

(with the record date being 14 August 2015);

(c)

24:00 hours (midnight) (Oslo time) on 15 September 2015, the Issuer shall pay an

additional fee of USD 750,000 to Bondholders no later than 22 September 2015, to

be paid to the Bondholders on a pro-rata basis through the Securities Depository

(with the record date being 15 September 2015);

(d)

24:00 hours (midnight) (Oslo time) on 15 October 2015, the Issuer shall pay an

additional fee of USD 750,000 to Bondholders no later than 22 October 2015, to be

paid to the Bondholders on a pro-rata basis through the Securities Depository

(with the record date being 15 October 2015).

4.

REPRESENTATIONS

4.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status It is a public limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction ofincorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

L6188632.VI 22.05j5 92656093

5/10

(b) Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is or will be a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is or will be a party

constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, which (save as provided for therein and the Legal Reservations) is enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and

(save as provided for therein or in any legal opinion delivered to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (any such actions sa provided for being the "Specified Further Actions")) no further registration, filing, payment of tax

or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said

documents enforceable against it, and if Specified Further Actions are necessary

as aforesaid, those actions will be taken by the date on which they are required to

be taken.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (a) any law or regulation or judicial or official order applicable to it; (b) its constitutional documents; or (c) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

(e)

No Event of Default

(i)

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result fram making the Waivers

and Amendments or the entry into, the performance of, or any

transaction contemplated by any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default ar terminatian event (howsoever described) under any other agreement ar instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries ar to which its (ar any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has ar is likely ta have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)

Authorizations and cansents

All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licences, exemptians, fihings, notarizatians or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its

obligations under this Agreement ar any other Finance Document ta

which it is a party (save as provided for therein); and

L_6,88632_V, 22.05.5 9656093

6/lo

to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Agreement,

have been obtained ar effected and are in full force and effect, ar will be obtained ar effected by the date on which they are required.

(g) Litigatian
No litigation, arbitration ar administrative proceedings ar investigatians of ar befare any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (ta the best of its knowledge and belief) been started ar threatened against it ar any of its Subsidiaries.

(h) Financial Statements
Its mast recent Financial Statements give a true and fair view of its assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their date, and have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, consistently applied for the years ending 31 December 2012, 20:13 and 2014.

(i)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the mast recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets ar financial condition ather than as disclosed in the Issuer's ar Guarantar's Interim Accaunts or Financial Statements ar as described in the summans ta the Bondhalders' Meeting that is likely ta have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

No misleading information

All dacuments and information which have been provided to the subscribers of Bonds ar the Bond Trustee in connection with this Agreement, the Bandholders' Meeting and the Bond Issue (including but not limited ta the Issuer's ar Guarantor's Interim Accaunts ar Financial Statements) are in all material respects correct as at the date they were provided, and there has been na change in the Issuer's financial positian since such date ar dates which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) No withholdings

The Issuer is not required ta make any deduction ar withholding fram any payment which it may become obliged to make ta the Bond Trustee ar the Bondhalders under this Agreement.

(1)

Project Documents

Each of the Assigned Agreements is in full force and effect and na default ar event of default has occurred and is continuing with respect to any Assigned Agreements, which has a Material Adverse Effect.

L_6,88632V, 2O5.15 9656O93

7/10

(m) Bondholders' Meeting

No event or circumstance which has a Material Adverse Effect has occurred since the date of the most recent Issuer's and Parent's Interim Accounts.

(n) Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with its other obligations subject to and in accordance with Clause 8.1 of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.

(o) Security No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Agreement.

(p) Egual treatment of Bondholders In connection with this Agreement and the summons to the Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer has treated all Bondholders on an equal financial basis in accordance with its obligations hereunder.

4.2

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 4.1 are made on the execution date of

this Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Effective Date.

5.

AMENDMENTAND RESTATEMENT

5.1

With effect from the Effective Date the Bond Agreement will be amended and restated in

the form set out in Schedule ihereto (Amended and Restated BondAgreement).

5.2

The provisions of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents shall, save as

amended and restated by this Agreement, continue in full force and effect.

5.3

Reference to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as

reference to the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement following the Effective Date.

6.

SECURITY CONFIRMATION

6.1

Each Obligor unconditionally and irrevocably confirms and agrees that the security created

under any Security Document (as amended as the case may be) shall on and after the

Effective Date, continue in full force and effect and extend to all the liabilities and

obligations of each Obligor under or in respect of the Amended and Restated Bond

Agreement and any other Finance Document.

7.

FINANCIALADVISERS

7.1

The Issuer shall bear the reasonable cost of all fees and expenses of the Financial Adviser

and other advisory fees and expenses incurred by the Financial Adviser, as well as the

reasonable cost of all legal and other advisoiy fees incurred by one set of legal counsel to the

Bondholders (as notified to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee) in each of Norway, Canada, the

United Kingdom, Romania and any other applicable jurisdiction.

7.2

The Issuer shall promptly comply with all documentation, information, access, diligence

and similar requests made by, and otherwise facilitate the work of, the Financial Adviser

L_6,88632_V1 22 D5-15 92656093

81w

and any legal counsel so appointed (including by providing prompt access to senior management of the Issuer ifrequested).

7.3

At the request of the Bond Trustee (foliowing an instruction of Bondholders representing

more than 50% of the Outstanding Bonds), the Issuer shall appoint, within ten Business

Days foliowing such request, a reputable international investment bank as its financial

adviser to assist the Issuer in the assessment and implementation of strategic options

available to it including a sale of all or part of its assets.

8.

FEES AND EXPENSES

8.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto.

9.

MISCELLANEOUS

9.1

The provisions of Clauses 1.2 (Construction) and 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of

the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if

set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Agreement" are

refeiences to this Agreement.

9.2 This Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.

9.3 If at any time any provision of this Agreement is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under any law of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions nor the legality,validity or enforceability of such
provision under the law of any other jurisdiction shall in any way be affected or impaired.

10.

GOVERNING LAW

10.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law.

This Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
[signatures tofollow on the nextpage]

L_688632_V, .055 92656093

Issuer

By: Capacity:
In the presence of

(l S I

Witness

Guarantor

By:

Avtf

v?KJ

Capacity: 41 1j c L S(1 ' ( -t.I(tJ

ce

In the presence of

.:.
Name: (VL4_' Witness

PLj

Midia Resources

By:

i

Capacity: (&R

In the presence of

Witness

9/JO L_683_Vr U05 5 9656.O9

10/10
Bond Trustee C a p dcity:
Olav biagsvold
L_688632_Vi 21.05.15 92656.093

