Term Sheet

ISIN: NO001 059044.1

Havila Shipping ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2010/2016 ("the Bonds") Settlement date: 8th of November 2010

Issuer:

Havila Shipping ASA.

Group:

The Issuer and all its current and future subsidiaries.

Currency:

NOK

Borrowing Amount: NOKm 225

Coupon type:

Floating

Coupon rate: Settlement Date:
Maturity Date:

NIBOR + 3.75 % p.a., semi-annual interest payments.
8th of November 2010. Notice is expected to be given to Subscribers minimum two Norwegian banking days prior to Settlement Date.
8th of November 2016 (6 years after Settlement Date).

Amortization:
First Interest Payment Date: Last Interest Payment Date:

The Bonds shall be repaid by 3.125% of the Loan Amount on each interest payment date from and including the interest payment date falling one year after the Settlement Date. Any outstanding Bonds shall be repaid at par value on the Maturity Date. 8th of May 2011 ( 6 months after Settlement Date).
8th of November 2016 (6 years after Settlement Date)

Interest payments:

Interest will start to accrue on Settlement Date and shall be payable semi-annually in arrears on the interest payment day in November and May and each year, or if the interest payment day does not fall on a Norwegian banking day on the first subsequent Norwegian banking day. The daycount fraction for the coupon is act/360 modified following.

Price: Nominal value: Status of the Bonds:
Security:

100.00 (par).
The Bonds will have a nominal value of NOK 1,00 each.
The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, shall be secured by:
(i) a first priority mortgage over the Vessel, (ii) assignment of any earnings (including pledge over trade receivables
(Factoring Pledge, Norwegian: "factoringpant")) related to the Vessel, (iii) pledge over Earnings Accounts related to the Vessel,

1

Factoring Pledge

(iv) a first priority assignment of the Intercompany Loan, (v) a first priority assignment of any insurances related to the Vessel, and; (vi) before the delivery of the Vessel, a pledge over the Escrow Account.
Means the pledge agreement to be made between the Subsidiary and the Trustee in respect of pledge over the Subsidiary's trade receivables related to the Vessel (Norwegian: "factoringpant"). Such agreement to be registered in with the Norwegian movable property register (Norwegian: "Løsøreregisteret"). A co-ordination agreement will be entered into in respect of the factoring agreement.

The Intercompany Loan Escrow Account:
Negative Pledge:
Vessel:

The use of proceeds from the Bond Loan shall be applied towards the financing of the Vessel, through the establishment of an intercompany loan to the Subsidiary. The Issuer undertakes to replicate the cash flow of the Bond, ie interest and amortization on the intercompany loan shall be equal to the interest and amortization on the Bond. The Intercompany Loan shall be established at the time of drawdown of the funds from the Escrow Account (i.e. upon delivery of the Vessel to the Subsidiary).
The funds shall be transferred to an escrow account, in the name of the Issuer, pledged of first priority and blocked in favor of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights. The funds in the Escrow Account shall, upon delivery of the Vessel and establishment of any security documents acceptable to the Trustee, be released to the Issuer for the purpose of the Bond (ref also Intercompany Loan).
The Issuer shall, at any time during the term of the Bond Loan not create, incur or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge line or any other encumbrance on the Issuers ownership shares in the Guarantor.
The Issuer shall ensure that the Guarantor, during the tenor of the Bond Loan, shall not create, incur or allow to exist any other security (mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance) on any of the assets subject to the Security granted in favor of the Trustee, securing the Bond Loan.
The platform supply vessel currently under construction with IMO number 9479967 and calling signal LM2T.

Subsidiary:

The wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer which has direct ownership of the Vessel , Havila Ships AS, org no. 987 898 550

Purpose of the Bonds: The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be used for long term financing of the Vessel, ref Intercompany Loan

Financial covenants: Consolidated value adjusted equity ratio:

The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Group maintains a consolidated value adjusted equity ratio of at least:
1. From and including Settlement Date until but not including 30 June 2011: 25.00%,
2. From and including 30 June 2011 until but not including 30 June 2012: 26.50%, and;
3. From and including 30 June 2012 until Maturity Date: 28.00%.

Liquidity: The Issuer undertakes to procure that the Group maintains a liquidity position of no less than NOK 150 million.

Market value of the Vessel: The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the market value of the Vessel is minimum 120%

2

of the outstanding loan amount (i.e. Outstanding Bonds) at any given time.

Interest coverage ratio: The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Group maintains an interest coverage ratio (EBITDA/Net interest expenses on a 12 month rolling basis) of at least:
1. From and including 31 December 2010 until but not including 31 March 2011: 1.50
2. From and including 31 March 2011 until Maturity Date: 1.65.

Change of Control clause:

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment (Put Option) of the Bonds at a price of 100% of par value plus accrued interest of par value during a period of two months following the notice of a Change of Control Event.

Change of Control Event:

A Change of Control Event occurs if Havila AS (company number 979 366 256) directly or indirectly reduces its ownership to less than 40% of the voting shares of the Issuer.

Call options:

The Issuer may redeem the Bonds at price 105, 104, 103, 102, 101 and 101 in anytime during years 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, respectively.

Mandatory Repayment:

Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Repayment Event the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at price 105, 104, 103, 102, 101 and 101 in years 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, respectively.

Mandatory Repayment Event:

A Mandatory Repayment Event occurs if:
1. the Vessel is sold or disposed of or;
2. the Issuer's Equity Ownership Share is reduced below 100%.

Equity Ownership Share

The Issuer undertakes to retain and maintain (i) an 100% equity ownership share in the Vessel and (ii) a 100% equity ownership in the Subsidiary, apart from the occurrence of an Mandatory Repayment Event.

Other clauses:

The Issuer, or any member of the Group, shall not without the approval of the Trustee
or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting:

Vessel Covenants:

(i)

cease to carry on its business,

(ii) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or change

the nature of its business or merge with another company in a manner which

is likely to have a materially adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfill its

obligations under the Loan Agreement,

(iii) de-merge, merge or in any other way restructure its business, in a manner

which is likely to have a materially adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to

fulfill its obligations under the Loan Agreement, or

(iv) grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any third party not

being a member of the Group (other than in ordinary course of business, and

as a part of customary long term financing of current and future vessels).

The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

Standard Vessel covenants: (i) maintenance of Insurances (see below), (ii) no sale of the Vessel, (iii) maintenance of class and allow the Trustee to inspect the Vessel if

3

requested; (iv) maintenance of flag, name and registry; (v) Vessel to be kept in a good and safe condition and maintained and repaired consistent with prudent ownership and good industry standards and (vi) technical management not to be changed without prior written consent of the Trustee.
The Issuer shall provide that the Vessel and all relevant equipment is adequately insured with first class insurers in accordance with industry standards for Hull and Machinery, P&I and War Risk as well as other industry standard insurances of the Vessel and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times. The Hull and Machinery cover shall be no less than 120% of the outstanding amount under the Bonds. The P&I insurance for pollution liability shall be according to industry standards.
The insurances and Loss Payable Clause shall be in accordance with the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plans or similar terms.

Event of Default: Approvals: Issuer's ownership of bonds: Arranger: Trustee: Registration: Taxation:
Reporting:
Loan Agreement:

The Loan Agreement shall include standard event of default provisions, including cross default provisions for the whole Group with threshold amounts to be agreed
The Bond issue is to be approved by the Issuer's Board of Directors
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold and discharged against the remaining Bonds.
First Securities AS, Fjordalléen 16, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, NO-0116 Oslo, Norway
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market, and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.
The Issuer shall of its own accord make management and financial reports (quarterly, written in English) available to the Trustee (or via the distribution system at Oslo Stock Exchange / Oslo ABM as long as the Issuer's bonds are listed) and on its web pages for public distribution not later than 100 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.
The Loan Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative. The Loan Agreement regulates the bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Loan Agreement, then the Loan Agreement shall prevail. The Subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Loan Agreement. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur.
The Application Form specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Loan Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders, who must execute and deliver such Application Form prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Loan Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement shall specify that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, in taking transfer of Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Loan Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Loan Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action

4

Eligible purchasers:
Transfer restrictions:
Market making: Listing: Subject to:

required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Loan Agreement shall further specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request to the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.
The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.
No market-maker agreement has been made for this Issue
An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange
Finalized loan documentation and approval of loan documentation by the Trustee.

20 October 2010

5

