NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne meldingen til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA.

To the bondholders of:

ISIN: N 00010691116, USD 160,000,000, OSA Goliath Pte, Ltd. 13/18 12.00% bond issue (the "OSA B onds")

A nd to the bondholders of:

ISIN: N 00010740459, USD 220,000,000 Goliath Offshore Holdings Pte. Ltd., 15/17 12.00% bond issue (the "Goliath Senior Secured Bonds")

ISIN N 00010740467, USD 23,396,993 Goliath Offshore Holdings Pte. Ltd., 15/17 15.00% bond issue (the "Goliath Liquidity Bonds")

Oslo 26 October 2016

Notice to bondholders

1.

Background

We refer to the current recovery process in respect of the above captioned bond issues as further described in previous summons and notices. This notice provides an update on the various processes. The notice is principally directed towards the Goliath Senior Secured Bonds and the Goliath Liquidity Bonds, but is also issued to the OSA Bondholders for the purpose of providing an update on the US litigation proceedings (see section 5 below) and the process in Mexico related to items of scrap material and old equipment that is being pursued by the issuer of the OSA Bonds, OSA Goliath Pte. Ltd. (see section 4.2 below).

2.

Vessel status

Subsequent to the successful judicial sale of NOR Goliath (previously named OSA Goliath) (the "Vessel") to Goliath Offshore Holding Pte. Ltd. ("Goliath Offshore"), the Vessel underwent a diy docking and reclassification process. The 5 year special survey and ABS reclassification of the vessel was completed in April 2016. The work was undertaken at GB Shipyard, Grand Bahamas, and subsequently at the Offshore Inland Marine yard, Pensacola, Florida. The work to achieve ABS reclassification of the Vessel was completed within the overall budget of approximately USD11.9m as set out in the notice to Bondholders dated 15 June 2015.

Goliath Offshore has retained Clarksons Platou (on worldwide basis outside Mexico) and NOR OCEAN (in respect of Mexico) to explore all options for the charter, sale, or other commercial arrangement for the Vessel. Despite discussions with a number of interested parties, there is currently no agreement for the future employment or sale of the vessel.

In April 2016 the Vessel was relocated to the BAE shipyard in Mobile, Alabama, where it will be held in layup status until sold or a charter can be secured. During this period, the Vessel will remain under the supervision of an Owners' Representative (Griffon Marine Asset Management) and V-Ships will

P ^ § 69^ /i!A fe W W '^ s Y 5 'ii§MS1^Bey'gcl,-5 R(Pr! No document variable supplied.

nordictrustee.com

remain the Vessel Manager of record with the Flag State/ABS, and will maintain the technical record o f the vessel.

3.

Company update Goliath Offshore

In July 2015 Goliath Offshore raised approximately USD20m through a tap issue under the Goliath Offshore's Super Senior Secured Bond Agreement to meet the fees, costs, expenses and disbursements incurred by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of its own advisers), the costs arising out of the operation, management, maintenance and crewing of the Vessel, costs, fees and expenses in relation to dry docking of the vessel and all other payments, cost, fees and expenses that, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, were necessary for the puipose of achieving a recovery for the Bondholders.

As at 21 October 2016, the cash balance of Goliath Offshore was approximately USD920,000. Goliath Offshore has taken steps to significantly reduce the operating and other costs associated with maximising the recovery to Bondholders. Whilst the vessel is held in lay-up, the operating costs, insurance, corporate costs, and other costs associated with maximising the recovery to bondholders are expected to be approximately TJSD3.5m per year. In the event that the Vessel is not sold or chartered by Q1 2017, additional funding will be required to meet these on-going costs.

4.

Mexico processes

4.1 Process by Goliath Offshore to lift seizure order
The seizure order (aseguramiento) that was issued in 2014 over all assets belonging to the Mexican company Oceanografia S.A. de C.V. ("Oceanografia") is still in force. Nordic Trustee ASA has been advised that the Vessel should have been removed from the list of assets caught by the seizure order in line with the Mexican court decision on 11 December 2014 concluding that the Vessel was not owned by Oceanografia and also on the basis of the free and clear title obtained by the new owner Goliath Offshore through the Bahamas court driven sales process.

The Mexican Attorney General ("PGR") is yet to formally lift the aseguramiento over the Vessel and Goliath Offshore has engaged independent Mexican legal counsel which is continuing discussions with the PGR with a request to have the Vessel removed from the list of assets included in the seizure from 2014. The process is continuing and Mexican counsel will consider separate legal steps upon further postponement of lifting of the seizure order over the Vessel.
4.2 Process by OSA Goliath Pte. Ltd. connected to equipment
The previous owner of the Vessel, OSA Goliath Pte. Ltd., has through Mexican counsel been in dialog the Finance Ministry's Asset Transfer and Administration Service (Servicio de Administration y Enajenacion de Bienes) (the "SAE") on items of scrap material and old equipment relating to the previous employment of the vessel that was on-board the Vessel when the Vessel left Mexico in 2014. OSA Goliath Pte. Ltd. discharged the equipment at the port of Pensicola Florida in connection with the acquisition of the Vessel by the new owner Goliath Offshore. Arrangements have been made to store these items in a secure facility in Pensacola, Florida, pending resolution of certain disputes connected to this material. SAE and PGR have conveyed an interest in having the equipment returned to Mexico and the OSA Goliath Pte. Ltd has conveyed its willingness to cooperate in returning the equipment.

2 (4)

5.

US litigation proceedings

5.1 Citigroup Litigation
On February 26, 2016, Quinn Emanuel ("QE") filed an initial complaint in Florida federal court against Citigroup on behalf of Oceanografia's vendors, creditors, and bondholders (the "Plaintiffs"). The initial complaint alleged that Citigroup violated the U.S. Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act ("RICO"), causing the collapse o f Oceanografia and injuiy to the Plaintiffs.

Under the agreed-upon briefing schedule, Citigroup filed a motion to dismiss the complaint on May 9, 2016, arguing that the (1) case should be litigated in Mexico and not in the United States (i.e., "forum non conveniens"); and (2) complaint did not sufficiently allege that Citigroup engaged in a RICO conspiracy with Oceanografia.

On June 7, 2016, the Plaintiffs filed a motion for jurisdictional discoveiy concerning factual assertions made by Citigroup in its motion to dismiss relating to its forum non conveniens argument. On August 9, 2016, the court denied the Plaintiffs' motion, stating that jurisdictional discovery was unnecessary.

On August 23, 2016, the Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which added a fraud claim and additional, recently-developed facts. Under the new, agreed-upon briefing schedule, (1) Citigroup's motion to dismiss the amended complaint was due Friday, October 21, 2016; (2) the Plaintiffs' opposition to that motion is due on December 20, 2016; and (3) Citigroup's reply brief in support of its motion to dismiss is due on January 19, 2017.

After Citigroup files its reply brief on January 19, 2017, the court may either (1) rule on the motion without holding a hearing; or (2) hold a hearing, and then rule on the motion to dismiss.

If the court denies Citigroup's motion to dismiss, the parties will proceed to merits discovery (i.e., the litigation phase in which the parties obtain information and documents from one another relating to the merits of their claims).

After discovery, Citigroup will file a motion for summary judgment, asking the court to rule in its favor based on the evidence obtained during discoveiy. If the court denies Citigroup's motion for summaiy judgment, the parties will proceed to trial.

5.2 KPMG Litigation
On February 26, 2016, QE filed a complaint in Delaware state court against KPMG International, KPMG, LLP and KPMG Cardenas Dosal, S.C. (collectively, the "KPMG Defendants") on behalf of Oceanografia's vendors, creditors, and bondholders (the "KPMG Plaintiffs"). The complaint alleges that the KPMG Defendants were negligent in failing to identify and prevent the collapse of Oceanografia.

On June 27, 2016, the KPMG Defendants filed motions to dismiss the complaint arguing, among other things, that (1) the court lacked personal jurisdiction over two of the KPMG Defendants; (2) the KPMG Plaintiffs failed to state a claim; and (3) Mexico was the most convenient forum to resolve the dispute, not Delaware.

On July 13, 2016, the KPMG Plaintiffs requested jurisdictional discoveiy from the KPMG Defendants to oppose their motion to dismiss, and specifically, their personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens arguments. On August 19, 2016, each KPMG Defendant filed a motion for a protective

order seeking to bar the KPMG Plaintiffs from obtaining jurisdictional discovery (the "Protective Order Motions"). On September 26, 2016, the KPMG Plaintiffs filed an opposition to the KPMG Defendants' Protective Order Motions. On October 12, 2016, the KPMG Defendants filed a reply brief. On 20 October 2016, Judge Paul R. Wallace of the Delaware Superior Court in Wilmington, Delaware held a hearing on the Protective Order Motions. After hearing arguments from both the KPMG Defendants and KPMG Plaintiffs, Judge Wallace denied the Protective Order Motions, in part, and ordered the KPMG Defendants to respond to some of the jurisdictional discovery requests. Judge Wallace ordered the parties to confer about (1) the scope of discovery; (2) the manner in which such discovery will proceed; and (3) the possibility of appointing a "discovery master" to manage the discovery process. The parties must provide the Court with a proposed order regarding the above by November 3. Judge Wallace also stayed the briefing schedule on the motions to dismiss pending resolution of the discovery issues. Ultimately, like with the Citigroup litigation, after the jurisdictional discovery issues are resolved, if the Delaware court denies the KPMG Defendants' motions to dismiss, the case will proceed to merits discovery. After discovery, the KPMG Defendants will file for summaiy judgment based on the evidence obtained during discovery. If the court denies summaiy judgment, the case will proceed to trial.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA
4 (4)

