Bond Agreement

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Entered into: between the Issuer: Company No. and the Bond Trustee: Company No. on behalf of the Bondholders in: withlSIN:

25 November 2013 Norwegian Property ASA 988 622 036 Norsk Tillitsmann ASA 963 342 624 3,70 % Norwegian Property ASA Secured Bond Issue 2013 / 2018 NO 001 0695026

The Issuer undertakes to issue the Bonds in accordance with the terms set forth in this Bond Agreement.

1. Terms of the Issue
The terms of the Issue are as follows, supplemented by the definitions and clarifications set forth in Section 2:

Maximum Amount: Initial Amount: Face Value: Currency: Issue Date: Maturity Date: Redemption Price: Call: Put:
Coupon Accrual Date: Coupon: Reference Rate: Margin: Coupon Date:
Day Count Fraction: Additional Return: Business Day Convention: Listing: Exchange:

205 000 000

Twohundredandfivemillion

205 000 000

Twohundredandfivemillion

1,000,000

NOK (Norwegian kroner)

27 November 2013

5 January 2018

100 % of Face Value

NA

NA

Upon a Change of Control Event

Issue Date

3.70 %p.a.

NA

NA

5 January each year. The first coupon date will be January 2014.

30/360

NA

No adjustment

The Bonds will be applied for listing at the Exchange.

Oslo Bors

2. Clarifications and definitions

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

When used in this Bond Agreement, the following words and terms shall have the following meaning and definition:

Additional Return: Assignment of Insurance:
Attachment: Bond Agreement: Bond Trustee: Bondholder: Bondholders' Meeting: Bonds: Business Day: Business Day Convention:
Call:
Change of Control Event: Coupon:

If YES is specified, certain conditions set forth in Attachment apply regarding yield. If NA is specified, no provisions regarding Additional Return apply. A first priority notification as mortgage of the insurance related to the Property granted by the Property Company in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) ranking pari passu with the FRN Norwegian Property ASA Secured bond Issue 2013/2018, ISIN NO 0010695034. Any attachments to this Bond Agreement. This agreement including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the parties hereto. Norsk Tillitsmann ASA or its successor(s). Holder of Bond(s) as registered in the Securities Register. Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in Section 5 o f this Bond Agreement. Securities issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement and which is registered in the Securities Register, each a "Bond". Any day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions. Convention for adjusting any relevant payment date ("Payment Date") if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day; (i) If Modified Business Day is specified, the applicable
Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day. (ii) If Modified Following Business Day is specified, the
applicable Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date shall be the first preceding Business Day. (iii) If No Adjustment is specified, the applicable Coupon Payment Date shall not be adjusted even if that day is not a Business Day (payments shall be made on the first following Business Day). Issuer's early redemption right of Bonds at the date(s) stated (the "Call Date") and corresponding price(s) (the "Call Price"), ref. Clause 3.6. and 3.7. The Call Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. If NA is specified, the provisions regarding Call do not apply. Means if any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 % o f the outstanding shares and/or voting rights of the Issuer. Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; (i) If the Coupon is stated in percentage points, the Bonds shall bear interest at this rate per annum (based on the Day Count
2

Coupon Accrual Date: Coupon Date: Currency: Day Count Fraction:
Decisive Influence:
Encumbrance: Event of Default: Exchange: Face Value:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including the Coupon Accrual Date to the Maturity Date. (ii) If the Coupon is stated as Reference Rate + Margin the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin (based on the Day Count Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including the Coupon Accrual Date to the first Coupon Date, and thereafter from and including each Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date until Maturity Date. The date on which interest on the Bond starts to accrue. If NA is specified, Coupon Accrual Date does not apply. Date(s) on which the payment of Coupon falls due. The Coupon Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. The currency in which the Bonds are denominated. The convention for calculation of payment of Coupon. (i) If 30/360 is specified, the number of days in the relevant coupon period shall be calculated from and including the Coupon Accrual Date/Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date on basis of a year of 360 days with 12 months of 30 days divided by 360, unless (a) the last day in the relevant coupon period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of the relevant coupon period is a day other than the 30th or the 31stday of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the relevant coupon period is the last calendar day in February, in which case February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month. (ii) If Actual/360 is specified, the actual number of days in the relevant coupon period shall be from and including the Coupon Accrual Date/Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date. The number of days shall be divided by 360. A person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person: (a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or (b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person. When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included. Any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security. The occurrence of an event set forth in Clause 3.8. Exchange or other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the Issuer has, or has applied for, listing of the Bonds. If NA is specified, the terms of this Bond Agreement covering Exchange do not apply. The face value of each Bond.
3

Finance Documents: Financial Indebtedness:
Financial Institution GAAP: Group: Initial Amount: ISIN:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
All and any of (1) this Bond Agreement, (2) the agreement regarding the Bond Trustee's fees and expenses as set forth in Clause 4.9.2, (3) Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), and (4) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement and designated as a Finance Document by the parties thereto. Any indebtedness incurred in respect of: (a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit; (b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar
instrument; (c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire
purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease; (d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis); (e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP; (f) the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset; (g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account); (h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement); (i) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions; and (j) (without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in( a) through (i) above. Entity with authorization according to the Norwegian Financial Institution Act (1988/40) means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time. The Issuer and its Subsidiaries, each a "Group Company". The amount equal to the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds (minimum) issued under the first Issue. The identification number of the Bonds (International Securities

Issue: Issue Date: Issuer: Issuer's Bonds: Listing: Margin: Maturity Date: Maximum Amount:
Mortgage:
NIBOR:
Outstanding Bonds: Paying Agent: Property: Property Company: Put:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Identification Number). Any issue of Bonds pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The date of the first Issue. The person or entity that has issued the Bonds and is the borrower (debtor). Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence. Indicates listing of the Bonds. If YES is specified, the Issuer shall submit an application in order to have the Bonds listed on the Exchange(s). If NO is specified, no obligation for listing applies, but the Issuer may, at its own discretion, apply for listing. Margin expressed in percentage points to be added to the Reference Rate (if the Margin is negative, it shall be deducted from the Reference Rate). If NA is specified, no Margin applies. The date on which the Bonds fall due. The Maturity Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. Amount stating the maximum aggregate Face Value of Bonds which may be issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement. If NA is specified, the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds issued may not exceed the amount specified as the Initial Amount. The mortgage over the Property, in the amount equal to the Initial Amount plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement, ranking:
- after NOK 4,355,700 to Nydalsbyen Vel., - after an exclusively legal right of Avantor ASA to all
fishing-, waterfall- and electricity- rights in Akerselva, and - pari passu with the FRN Norwegian Property ASA Secured
bond Issue 2013/2018, ISINNO 0010695034. (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) Interest rate fixed for a defined period on Reuters page NIBR at 12.00 noon Oslo time. In the event that Reuters page NIBR is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the Reference Rate, an alternative Reuters page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate as the initial Reference Rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the Reference Rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. The aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged in the Securities Register. The entity acting as registrar for the Bonds in the Securities Register and paying agent on behalf of the Issuer in the Securities Register. Gullhaugveien 9-13: Land no. 77, title no. 344 in Oslo kommune Gullhaugveien 9-13 AS, company no. 990 637 148 Bondholders' right to demand early redemption of Bonds at date(s) stated (the "Put Date") and corresponding price(s) (the "Put Price"), ref. Clause 3.5.3, 3.6 and 3.7. The Put Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. If NA is

Redemption Price: Reference Rate: Reset Date:
Securities Register: Security Documents: Security Interest:
Subsidiary: Voting Bonds:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
specified, the provisions regarding Put do not apply. The price, stated as a percent of the Face Value, at which the Bonds shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date. NIBOR rounded to the nearest hundredth of a percentage point on each Reset Date, for the period stated. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does not apply. Dates on which the Coupon is fixed for the subsequent coupon period for Bonds where Reference Rate applies. The first Reset Date is two Business Days before the Coupon Accrual Date. Thereafter the Reset Date is two Business Days prior to each Coupon Date. The securities register in which the Bonds are registered. Any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document. Any Encumbrances or other security (herunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Issuer or the Property Company under any Finance Documents, including but not limited to the Mortgage and the Assignment of Insurance. A company over which another company has Decisive Influence. Outstanding Bonds less Issuer's Bonds.

3. Other terms of the Issue

3.1. The purpose of the Issue

3.1.1. The purpose of the Issue is general corporate purposes and refinancing of existing debt from Nordea and SEB.

3.2. Listing and prospectus

3.2.1. In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, matters concerning the listing requiring the approval of the Bondholders shall be resolved pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement.

3.2.2. In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, the Issuer shall submit the documents and the information necessary to maintain the listing.

3.2.3. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement shall be incorporated in any prospectus and other subscription or information materials related to the Bonds.

3.3. Status

3.3.1.

The Issuers payment obligations under this Bond Agreement shall rank ahead of all subordinated payment obligations of the Issuer and shall rank at least pari passu with all the Issuer's other obligations, save for (i) secured obligations to the extent they are secured and (ii) obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.

3.4. Security

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3.4.1. The Bonds including interest and expenses shall be secured by the Security Interest.

3.5. Covenants

3.5.1.

The Issuer undertakes not to (either in one action or as several actions):
(a) sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantial parts of its assets or business, (b) change the nature of its business, or (c) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business,

if such action will materially and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under this Bond Agreement. 3.5.2. The Issuer undertakes to:
(a) ensure that the company constituting the Property Company remain to be a wholly owned subsidiary (directly or indirectly) of the Issuer; and
(b) not to create or permit to exist any Encumbrance over:
(1) any of the company capital/shares of the Property Company; and
(2) any intercompany receivables between the Issuer and the Property Company.

(c) remain, directly or indirectly, the sole owner and hold the title of the Property;
(d) procure that the Property Company does not engage in any business activity which is not related to the administration and development of the Property;
(e) procure that the Property Company does not enter into any amalgamation, demerger, merger or corporate reconstruction, other than with the Issuer or other companies owned 100 %, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer, and with the Issuer, or that other company, as the surviving entity;
(f) not amend or agree to amend, without the prior written approval of the Bond Trustee, any management contract or lease contract on the Property in a manner which material adverse effect (i) the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement or (ii) the value of the Property;
(g) not create or permit to exist any Encumbrance over the Property, or revenues resulting from it, ranking senior to or equal to the Security Interest, other than:
a. the Security Interest;
b. any netting or set-off arrangement entered into in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of members of the Group;
c. the NOK 4,355,700 obligation towards Nydalen Vel pledged in the Security Interest
d. the exclusive legal rights to all fishing-, waterfall- and electricity- rights in Akerselva held by Avantor ASA
7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(h) procure that the Property and all inventory is kept in a state of good and safe condition and state of repair consistent with good industry standard, and, if necessary, replaced with items of similar quality and value;
(i) arrange for the Bond Trustee, and/or any person appointed by the Bond Trustee, to inspect the Property after the occurrence of an Event of Default (which is continuing) and at reasonable expense of the Issuer, and shall give to the Bond Trustee and/or any person appointed by the Bond Trustee, reasonable access to staff, inventory and
- documentation for on-going operation;
0) ensure that the Property is insured for its full value (in Norwegian: "fullverdiforsikref') against all such risks as are customary for companies engaged in real estate to take out, with reputable insurance companies; and
(k) ensure that no Group Company shall grant any loan to any third party other than a member of the Group other than in the ordinary course of business.
3.5.3. Change of Control;
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of Bonds at a price of 101 % of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 calendar days following the notice of a Change of Control Event as set out in Clause 4.7.1 (j).
The Put Option shall be notified in accordance with Clause 3.7.3 (by notice to the Bondholders securities register agent).
3.5.4. For information covenants, see Clause 4.7.
3.6. Payments
3.6.1. On each Coupon Date the Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued Coupon amount to the Bondholders.
3.6.2. On the Maturity Date the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Bond the Face Value multiplied by the Redemption Price to the Bondholders.
3.6.3. On the Maturity Date the Issuer shall pay any Additional Return (if applicable) to the Bondholders.
3.6.4. The Issuer may not apply any counterclaims in set-off against its payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
3.6.5. If exercising Call or Put, the Issuer shall at the relevant date indicated under Call or Put pay to the Bondholders the Face Value of the Bonds to be redeemed multiplied by the relevant price for the relevant date plus accrued Coupon on the redeemed Bonds.
3.6.6. Amounts payable to the Bondholders by the Issuer shall be available to the Bondholders on the date the amount is due pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
3.6.7. In the event that the Issuer has not fulfilled its payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement, regardless of whether an Event of Default has been declared or not, interest shall accrue on the amount due at the higher of:
8
\

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) the seven day NIBOR plus 3.0 percentage points (to be fixed two Business Days before due date and thereafter weekly), and
(e) the applicable Coupon at the due date plus 3.0 percentage points.
Default interest shall be added to the amount due on a monthly basis and accrue interest together with this (compound interest).

3.7. Exercise of Put and Call

3.7.1. Exercise of Call shall be notified by the Issuer to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee at least thirty Business Days prior to the relevant Call Date.

3.7.2. Partial exercise of Call shall be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures in the Securities Register).

3.7.3 Exercise of Put shall be notified by the Bondholder to its Securities Register agent no later than fifteen Business Days prior to the relevant Put Date (to be forwarded to the Paying Agent).

3.8. Events of default

3.8.1.

The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) the Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation pursuant to Clause 3.6 unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment is made, within 5 - five - Business Days following the original due date,
(b) the Issuer fails to duly perform any other substantial obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days from the date the Issuer became aware thereof,
(c) the Issuer fails to fulfil any other Financial Indebtedness (including any guarantee liabilities), which is or could be declared due and repayable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default, provided that the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness exceeds the higher of NOK 30 000 000 (Norwegian Kroner thirty million) and, for such failure related to loan granted to a member of the Group, such failure is not remedied within 5 - five - Business Days following the Issuer becoming aware of such failure,
(d) the Issuer becomes subject to insolvency or enforcement proceedings, is taken under public administration, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness, admits to insolvency or if a substantial proportion of the Issuer's assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
(e) the Issuer is resolved to be dissolved,
(f) the Issuer has in respect of the Bonds or this Bond Agreement (in the reasonable discretion of the Bond Trustee) in any material respect made any incorrect or misleading - or otherwise failed to make - representation, warranty, statement or certificate of compliance, or
(g) any event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement.

9

4. Other terms and conditions

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4.1. Conditions precedent

4.1.1.

The Bond Trustee shall have received the following documentation, no later than 2 - two - Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly signed, (b) the Issuer's corporate resolution to make the Issue, and the Property Company's
corporate resolutions to execute the Security Documents,
(c) confirmation that the relevant individuals are authorised to sign on behalf of the Issuer or other Group Companies this Finance Documents and other relevant documents in relation hereto, (Company Certificate, Power of Authority etc.),
(d) the Issuer's Articles of Association,
(e) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (prospectus requirements) are fulfilled,
(f) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Issue,
(g) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register,
(h) any agreement regarding the Bond Trustee's fees and expenses as set forth in Clause 4.9.2 duly signed,
(i) confirmation according to Clause 4.2.2 if applicable,
(j) copy of the final term sheet presented in relation to the Issue, (k) a written confirmation from Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB, company no.
971 049 944, that their existing security interest over the Property will promptly be released and discharged,
(l) the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto and perfected (or satisfactory evidence that the Security Documents will be perfected promptly prior to or on the Issue Date),
(m) any other relevant documentation presented in relation to the Issue, and (n) any statements (including legal opinions) required by the Bond Trustee regarding
documentation in this Clause 4.1.1.

4.1.2. The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for the documentation as set forth in Clause 4.1.1.

4.1.3. The Issuance of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the manager of the Issue and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

4.2. Representations and warranties

4.2.1.

At any Issue, the Issuer represents and warrants that:
(a) all information which has been presented in relation to such Issue is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to effect the importance of the information as regards the evaluation of the Bonds, and that the Issuer has taken all reasonable measures to ensure this,
(b) the Issuer has made a valid resolution to make such Issue, and such Issue does not contravene any of the Issuer's other liabilities, and

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) public requirements have been fulfilled (i.a. Norwegian Securities Trading Act Chapter 7 and the Norwegian Issue Regulations 1996 no. 1247), and that any required public authorisations have been obtained.

4.2.2. The Bond Trustee may prior to any Issue require a statement from the Issuer confirming the Issuer's compliance with Clause 4.2.1.

4.3. Tap Issues (subsequent Issues)

4.3.1. If Maximum Amount is applicable (Section 1), the Issuer may make subsequent Issues ("Tap Issues") up to the Maximum Amount, provided that
(a) the Tap Issue is made no later than five - 5 - Business Days prior to the Maturity Date, and that
(b) all conditions set forth in Clauses 4.1.1 and 4.2.1 are still valid. Each Tap Issue requires written confirmation from the Bond Trustee, unless (i) the Issuer is a Financial Institution and (ii) the Bonds constitute (senior) unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer (i.e. not subordinated).
4.3.2. The Issuer may, upon written confirmation from the Bond Trustee, increase the Maximum Amount. The Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of any increase in the Maximum Amount.

4.4. Registration of Bonds

4.4.1. The Issuer shall continuously ensure the correct registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.5. Interest Rate Fixing

4.5.1.

If, pursuant to this Bond Agreement, the Coupon shall be adjusted during the term of the Bonds, any adjustments shall be carried out by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Exchange shall be notified of the new Coupon applicable until the next Coupon Date.

4.6. The Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

4.6.1. The Issuer has the right to acquire Bonds and to retain, sell or discharge such Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.7. Information covenants

4.7.1.

The Issuer undertakes to:
a) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee promptly o f any Event of Default pursuant to this Bond Agreement, and of any situation which the Issuer understands or should understand could lead to an Event of Default,
b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a material effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement,
c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or change the nature of its business,

11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
d) upon request, provide the Bond Trustee with its annual and interim reports and any other information reasonably required by the Bond Trustee,
e) upon request report to the Bond Trustee the balance of Issuer's Bonds, f) without being requested to do so, provide a copy to the Bond Trustee of any notice to
its creditors to be made according to applicable laws and regulations, g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of notices to the
Exchange which have relevance to the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement, h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register, i) without being requested to do so, annually in connection with the release of its annual report, or upon request, confirm to the Bond Trustee compliance with any covenants set forth in this Bond Agreement, and j) immediately notify the Bondholders (via VPS), the Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) if a Change of Control Event takes place.
4.8. Notices

4.8.1. Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange.. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

4.8.2. The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

4.9. Expenses

4.9.1.

The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfillment of its obligations hereunder, including the `preparation of this Bond Agreement, listing o f the Bonds on the Exchange, and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.9.2.

The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer. For Financial Institutions, and Norwegian governmental issuers, annual fee will be determined according to applicable fee structure an terms and conditions presented at the Trustee's web site (www.trustee.no) at the Issue Date, unless otherwise is agreed with the Trustee. For other issuers a separate fee agreement will be entered into. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to insolvency or similar by the Issuer, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

4.9.3. Any public fees payable in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilling of the obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any public fees levied on the trading of Bonds.

4.9.4. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.

CVyi f" 12

5. Bondholders' Meeting

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5.1. Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

5.1.1.

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders' community in all matters regarding the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding and prevail for all Bonds.

5.2. Procedural rules for the Bondholders' Meeting

5.2.1.

A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds, (c) the Bond Trustee, or (d) the Exchange.

5.2.2. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

5.2.3. If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

5.2.4.

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

5.2.5.

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

5.2.6. The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.7. Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

5.2.8.

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.9.

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number of

Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the

r\

rv ^

13

I^IPj f-f"'

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

5.2.10. The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and representatives of the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

5.2.11. Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

5.3. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

5.3.1.

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close o f business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuer's Bonds. Issuer's Bonds have no voting rights.

5.3.2.

In all matters to be dealt with at the Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

5.3.3. In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 5.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

5.3.4. Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in clause 5.3.5.

5.3.5.

In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the votes is required:
(a) any amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the Coupon, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds.
(b) the transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (borrower), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.

5.3.6. The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

5.3.7. The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

5.3.8. The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5.4. Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

5.4.1.

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 5.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

5.4.2. When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

6. The Bond Trustee

6.1. The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

6.1.1.

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, informing the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

6.1.2.

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.1.3.

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement, which, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement, see however Clause 6.1.5.

6.1.4.

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 6.1.3 provided prior notification to the Bondholders are given, see however Clause 6.1.5. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date of such notification.

6.1.5. The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 6.1.3 or 6.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 5.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

6.1.6. The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

A

i/

15

/a :,. IT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
6.1.7. The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

6.1.8. The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 5.3.5.

6.2. Event of Default, termination and recovery

6.2.1.

If an Event of Default occurs, the Bond Trustee may take any action it deems necessary in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, including declaring the Bonds to be in default, revoking this Bond Agreement and declaring the Bonds plus accrued interest and expenses due for payment, and initiating recovery of all amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement.

6.2.2.

Should the Bond Trustee receive a written demand to take action as set forth in Clause 6.2.1 from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of Voting Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall take such actions unless the Bondholders' Meeting has passed a resolution for alternative solutions,

6.2.3.

The Bond Trustee shall be indemnified by the Bondholders for any results (including any expenses, costs and liabilities) of taking action pursuant to Clause 6.2.2 or pursuant to the Bondholders' Meeting having declared the Bonds to be in default. The Bond Trustee may claim indemnity and security from the Bondholders who put forward the demand in accordance with clause 6.2.2 or voted for the adopted resolution at the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.3. Liability and indemnity

6.3.1.

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

6.3.2.

The Issuer is liable for and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of all direct losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer to fulfill its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement.

6.4. Change of Bond Trustee

6.4.1. Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 5. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

6.4.2.

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 4.9, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

6.4.3. The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.
16

7. General provisions

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

7.1. The Bondholders' community
7.1.1. Through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, the Bondholders will be deemed to have acceded to this Bond Agreement and hereby accept that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bondholders, upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS and
without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, shall automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement, and that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, (c) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, (d) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (e) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
7.1.2. This Bond Agreement shall be publicly available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer.
7.2. Dispute resolution and legal venue
7.2.1. Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Bond Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo District Court.
7.3. Amendments
7.3.1. Amendments of this Bond Agreement may only be made with the approval of the parties to this Agreement, with the exception of amendments as set forth under Clause 6.1.8.
7.4. Contact information
7.4.1. The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of any changes in its postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact

Xs Bond Trustee
17

