Bond Terms

EXECUTION VERSION

Issuer: Company No / LEI-code with Bond Trustee: Company no / LEI-code on behalf of the Bondholders in: with IS1N: Dated:

Spar Nord Bank A/S 13737584 /549300DHT635Q5P8J715 Nordic Trustee AS 963 342 624 / 549300XAKTM2BMKIPT85 Spar Nord Bank A/S FRN Callable Bond Issue 2017/2027 NOOO10808033 13 October 2017

The Issuer undertakes to issue the Bonds (kapitalbeviser) in accordance with the terms set forth in these Bond Terms, which shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding:

1.

MAIN TERMS OF THE BONDS

Maximum Issue Amount Initial Bond Issue: Initial Nominal Amount: Currency: Issue Date: Maturity Date: Redemption Price: Call:
Interest Rate: Reference Rate: Margin: Interest Period:
Day Count Convention: Business Day Convention: Listing: Special Conditions:

NA
600,000,000 1,000,000 SEK (Swedish Krone)
18 October 2017
18 October 2027 100 % of Nominal Amount Ordinary Call: 18 October 2022, and on any Interest Payment Date thereafter subject as set forth in Clause 4.5.3 (a)

Call Price: Equal to the Redemption Price

Conditional Call: See Section 4, Clause 4.5.3 (b)

Reference Rate + Margin 3 months STIBOR 2.50 percentage points p.a. The period betw een 18 January, 18 April, 18 July and 18 October each year, with the initial Interest Payment Date falling on 18 January 2018. Actual/360 Modified Following Business Day Yes; regulated market o f Oslo Bars NA

1

EXECUTION VERSION

2.

INTERPRETATION

In these Bond Terms, capitalised terms set out in Clause 1 {Main terms o f the Bonds) shall have the meaning set out therein, and additionally the following capitalised terms shall have the meaning set out below:

Bond Terms: Bond Trustee: Bond Trustee Agreement:
Bondholder: Bondholders' Meeting: Bonds: Business Day: Business Day Convention:
Call: Call Date: Call Price: Capital Event:
CRD IV: CRD IV Directive:
CRD IV Implementing Measures:

This agreement including any attachments hereto, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the parties hereto. The company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms. An agreement to be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds unless otherwise agreed in these Bond Terms. A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 6.3 {Bondholders ' rights). Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in Clause 7 of these Bond Terms. The debt instruments {kapitalbeviser) issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms. Any day on which the CSD settlement system is open and the relevant currency settlement system is open. Means th at: (i) If Modified Following Business Day is specified (FRN), the
Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to the first preceding Business Day. (ii) If No Adjustment is specified (Fixed Rate), no adjustment will be made to the Interest Period. Issuer's early redemption right of Bonds at the date(s) stated (the "Call Date") and corresponding price(s) (the "Call Price"), ref. Clause 4.53{Issuer's Call Option (Optional Redemption)). As defined above under "Call".
As defined above under "Call".
Means at any time, on or after the Issue Date, there is a change in the regulatoiy classification o f the Bonds that results or will result in: (i) their exclusion, in whole or in part, from the regulatory capital
of the Issuer; or (ii) reclassification, in whole or in part, as a lower quality form of
regulatory capital of the Issuer, in each case provided that the Issuer satisfies the Issuer Supervisor that the regulatory reclassification of the Bonds was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance. Means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures. Directive (2013/36/EU) o f the European Parliament and of the Council on access to the activity o f credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013. Means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion
2

CRR: CSD: Day Count Convention:
Exchange:
Finance Documents: Financial Undertaking: Fixed Rate: FRN: Interest Period: Interest Rate:
Interest Payment Date: Interest Quotation Date: Issue: Issuer: Issuer's Bonds: Issuer's Supervisor:
LEI-code:

EXECUTION VERSION
in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance o f doubt and without limitation any regulatory technical standards, guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions released from time to time by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof) or the Issuer Supervisor, as the case may be. Regulation (2013/575) of the European Parliament and o f the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013. The central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being VPS ASA. The convention for calculation of payment of interest; (i) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a
360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/3 60-days basis). (ii) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis). Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 1 (Main terms o f the Bonds), setting out the exchange or other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the Issuer has, or has applied for, listing of the Bonds. If NA is specified, the terms o f these Bond Terms covering Exchange do not apply. Means these Bond Terms and any Bond Trustee Agreement. Entity with authorization according to the Norwegian Financial Undertaking Act (2015/17), or similar Nordic entities Means if the Interest Rate is stated in percentage (%). Means if the Interest Rate is stated as Reference Rate + Margin. Means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, the periods set out in Clause 1, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date. Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; (i) If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage (%) set out in Clause 1. (ii) If FRN the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin as set out in Clause 1. Any interpolation will be quoted with the number of decimals corresponding to the quoted number o f decimals o f the Reference Rate. If the Interest Rate becomes negative, the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero. Means the last day o f each Interest Period. Means, in relation to any period for which an Interest Rate is to be determined, the day falling two Business Days before the first day o f the relevant Interest Period.
Any issue o f Bonds pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms. Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence. The Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer, as determined by the Issuer. Legal Entity Identifier, a unique 20-character code that identifies legal entities that engage in financial transactions.
3

Listing: Margin: Maturity Date: NA: Nominal Amount: Ordinary Call: Outstanding Bonds: Paying Agent: Payment Date: Reference Rate: Relevant Record Date:
Repayment Date: STIBOR:

EXECUTION VERSION
Indicates listing of the Bonds. If YES is specified, the Issuer shall submit an application in order to have the Bonds listed on the Exchange. If NO is specified, no obligation for listing applies, but the Issuer may, at its own discretion, apply for listing. Means, if FRN, the margin o f the Interest Rate. The provisions regarding Margin do not apply for Fixed Rate. Means the date set out in Clause 1, or any other day where the Outstanding Bonds are paid in full, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention. Means that the provision to which NA is designated is not applicable to these Bond Terms. Means the Initial Nominal Amount. 18 October 2022, and on any Interest Payment Date thereafter subject as set forth in Clause 4.5.3 (Issuer's Call Option (Optional Redemption)). Means any Bonds issued in accordance with these Bond Terms to the extent not redeemed or otherwise discharged. The legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD. Means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date. Means STIBOR. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does not apply. means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time;
(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date o f that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and
(c) for the purpose o f casting a vote in a Written Resolution:
(i) the date falling 3 Business Days after the Summons have been published; or,
(ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
Means any date for payment of instalments, payment of any Call or the Maturity Date, or any other days of repayments of Bonds. Means: (i) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Nasdaq
Stockholm's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as o f or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in SEK and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or (ii) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean o f the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Bond Trustee at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Bond Trustee, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or (iii) if no quotation is available pursuant to item (ii) above, the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Bond

Summons: Tax Event:
Tier 1 Capital: Tier 2 Capital: Voting Bonds: Written Resolution:

EXECUTION VERSION
Trustee and the Issuer best reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant Interest Period. Means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be. Means as a result of any change in the laws, regulations or rulings of Denmark or o f any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any such laws, regulations or rulings which become effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer receives an opinion o f external counsel in Denmark that (i) it would be required to pay additional amounts; or (ii) it will no longer be able to obtain a full tax deduction for the purposes of Danish tax for any payment o f interest under the Bonds, in each case provided that the Issuer satisfies the Issuer Supervisor that such change in tax treatment of the Bonds is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time o f their issuance. Means capital which is treated as a constituent of Common Equity Tier 1 capital (egentlig kernekapital) or Additional Tier 1 capital (hybrid kernekapital) under CRR by the Issuer Supervisor for the purposes of the Issuer. Means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 capital (supplerende kapital) under CRR by the Issuer Supervisor for the purposes of the Issuer. Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds. Means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 7.5 (Written Resolutions).

5

EXECUTION VERSION

3.

SPECIAL TERMS OF THE BONDS

3.1. Use of proceeds
The purpose of the Issue is that the Bonds shall qualify as Tier 2 Capital for the purpose of the CRR.
3.2. Status
(a) The Bonds (kapitalbeviser) on issue constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer.
(b) The Bonds constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer, and shall at all times rank:
(i) pari passu without any preference among themselves;
(ii) pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 2 Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank equally with the Bonds, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments in a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer;
(iii) senior to holders o f the Issuer's ordinary shares and any other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Bonds including any Tier 1 Capital, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy o f the Issuer; and
(iv) junior to present or future claims o f (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and (c) subordinated creditors of the Issuer other than the present or future claims o f creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Bonds.
No holder of Bonds, who shall in the event o f the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Bonds held by such Bondholder.
The Issuer reserves the right in the future to issue other bonds or capital instruments, with identical or other ranking than the Bonds.
3.3. Security
The Bonds are unsecured.

4.

GENERAL TERMS OF THE BONDS

4.1. Conditions precedent
4.1.1. Conditions precedent to the Issue Date (a) The Bond Trustee shall have received the following documentation, no later than 2
- two - Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(i) these Bond Terms duly signed, (ii) the Issuer's corporate resolution to issue the Bonds, (iii) confirmation that the relevant individuals are authorised to sign on behalf of the
Issuer these Bond Terms and other relevant documents in relation hereto, (Company Certificate, Power of Authority etc.),
6

EXECUTION VERSION
(iv) the Issuer's Articles of Association, (v) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the issue of the Bonds, (vi) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the CSD, (vii) the Bond Trustee Agreement duly signed (to the extent applicable), (viii) confirmation according to Clause 4.1.2(b) (Confirmation) if applicable, (ix) any other relevant documentation presented in relation to the issue o f the Bonds, and (x) any statements (including legal opinions) required by the Bond Trustee regarding
documentation in this Clause 4.1 (Conditions precedent). (b) The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for the
documentation as set forth in this Clause 4.1 (Conditions precedent). (c) The Issuance of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the
manager o f the issuance o f the Bonds and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
4.1.2. Representations and warranties At the Issue Date the Issuer represents and warrants that: (a) Information
All information which has been presented to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable measures to ensure the same:
(i) true and accurate in all material respects as at the date the relevant information is expressed to be given;
(ii) does not omit any material information likely to affect the accuracy of the information as regards the evaluation o f the Bonds in any material respects unless subsequently disclosed to the Bond Trustee in writing or otherwise made publicly known; and
(iii) the Issuer has made a valid resolution to make such Issue, and such Issue does not contravene any of the Issuer's other liabilities.
(b) Confirmation
The Bond Trustee may require a statement from the Issuer confirming the Issuer's compliance with this Clause 4.1.2 (Representations and warranties) at the time set out above.
4.2 Information covenants The Issuer undertakes to:
(a) inform the Bond Trustee o f any other event which may have a material effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms,
(b) inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or materially change the nature o f its business,
(c) upon request, provide the Bond Trustee with its annual and interim reports and any other information reasonably required by the Bond Trustee,
(d) upon request report to the Bond Trustee the balance o f Issuer's Bonds, (e) provide a copy to the Bond Trustee o f any notice to its creditors to be made according to
applicable laws and regulations,
7

EXECUTION VERSION
(f) without being requested to do so and without any delay, inform the Bond Trustee of any events described in Clause 4.5.3 and 5.1, and
(g) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the CSD.
4.3 Registration of Bonds The Issuer shall continuously ensure the correct registration o f the Bonds in the CSD.
4.4 Listing and prospectus (a) In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, matters concerning the listing
requiring the approval of the Bondholders shall be resolved pursuant to the terms of these Bond Terms.
(b) In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, the Issuer shall submit the documents and the information necessary to maintain the listing.
(c) The Issuer shall ensure that these Bond Terms shall be incorporated in any prospectus related to the Bonds.
4.5 Payments in respect of the Bonds
4.5.1 Covenant to pay
(a) On each Interest Payment Date the Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued Interest Rate amount to the Bondholders.
(b) On the Repayment Date the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Bond the Nominal Amount multiplied by the Redemption Price to the Bondholders.
(c) If a Payment Date falls on a day on which is not a Business Day, the payment shall be made on the first following Business Day.
(d) The Issuer undertakes to pay to the Bond Trustee any other amount payable pursuant to the Finance Documents at its due date.
(e) The Issuer may not apply any counterclaims in set off against its Interest Payment Date obligations pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(f) If exercising a Call, the Issuer shall at the relevant date indicated under Call pay to the Bondholders the Nominal Amount of the Bonds to be redeemed multiplied by the relevant Call Price on the redeemed Bonds.
(g) Amounts payable to the Bondholders by the Issuer shall be available to the Bondholders on the date the amount is due pursuant to these Bond Terms and will be made to the Bondholders registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date for the actual payment.
4.5.2 Interest Rate calculation andfixing
(a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period (or the Issue Date, for the first Interest Period), and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period..
(b) The Interest Rate shall be calculated based on the Day Count Convention.
(c) If FRN, the Interest Rate shall be adjusted by the Bond Trustee on each Interest Quotation Date during the term o f the Bonds. The Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Exchange (to the extent applicable) shall be notified of the new Interest Rate applicable for the next Interest Period.
(d) Interest will accrue on the Nominal Amount of any Additional Bond for each Interest Period starting with the Interest Period commencing on the Interest Payment Date
8

EXECUTION VERSION
immediately prior to the issuance of the Additional Bonds (or the Issue Date, for the first Interest Period).

4.5.3 Issuer's Call Option (Optional Redemption)
(a) Ordinary Call
The Issuer may on each Call Date or any Interest Payment Date thereafter redeem all (but not some only) of the Outstanding Bonds at the Call Price with the Issuer's Supervisor's prior consent to such redemption in accordance with the CRD IV requirements.
(b) Conditional Call
If the Issuer provides satisfactory evidence to the Bond Trustee, that:
(i) a Capital Event; and/or
(ii) a Tax Event;
has occurred, the Issuer may, provided prior consent of the Issuer Supervisor to such redemption in accordance with the CRD IV requirements, redeem all (but not some only) of the Outstanding Bonds at the Redemption Price plus accrued and unpaid interest without premium or penalty, after the change comes into effect on each Interest Payment Date.
In the case of a redemption of the Bonds as a result of a Tax Event and/or Capital Event, as applicable, the Issuer shall deliver a certificate to the Bond Trustee signed by two o f its directors not less than 5 Business Days prior to the date set for redemption stating that a Tax Event and/or a Capital Event, as applicable, has occurred.
Any exercise of Call shall be notified by the Issuer to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the relevant Call Date.

5.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

5.1 Events of Default
5.1.1 There are no events of default in respect o f the Bonds. Bondholders shall not be entitled at any time to file for bankruptcy or liquidation o f the Issuer.

6.

THE BONDHOLDERS

6.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders
(a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
(b) These Bond Terms shall be publicly available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer.
(c) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf o f all the Bondholders.
6.2 Limitation of rights of action
(a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including any right to exercise any put option.
(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power o f attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the 9

EXECUTION VERSION
purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
6.3 Bondholders' rights
(a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction to be the beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 6.3 (Bondholders' rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

7.

BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS

7.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders' community in all matters regarding the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding and prevail for all Bonds.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(c) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause 8.1 {Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(d) At least 50% of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders' Meeting for a quorum to be present.
(e) Resolutions will be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (f) below.
(f) Save for any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to Clause 9.1.1 {Procedure fo r amendments and waivers), a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment o f any provisions of these Bond Terms, including a change of Issuer and change o f Bond Trustee.
7.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in writing of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.

EXECUTION VERSION
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website o f the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders' Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the Bondholders' Meeting.
(f) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting unless this would constitute a breach by the Issuer's obligations pursuant to Clause 4.5.1 (Covenant to pay).
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in Oslo). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Bond Trustee (the "Chairman"). If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and the Chairman elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives o f the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power o f attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative"). The Chairman may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the Chairman will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the Chairman. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).

EXECUTION VERSION
(1) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
7.3 Voting rules
(a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 6.3 {Bondholders' rights). The Chairman may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not cany any voting rights. The Chairman shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 7 {Bondholders ' decisions), a Bondholder that has a Bond registered in the name o f a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 6.3 {Bondholders' rights), be deemed to be the owner o f the Bond rather than the nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3 {Bondholders ' rights) stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any o f its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any o f the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case of parity o f votes, the Chairman will have the deciding vote.
7.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting
(a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 7.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 7.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting), Clause 7.2 {Procedure fo r arranging a Bondholders' Meeting) and Clause 7.3 {Voting rules) shall apply mutalis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 7.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 7.5 {Written Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 7.2 {Procedure fo r arranging a Bondholders' Meeting) and vice versa.
7.5 Written Resolutions
(a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 7.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
12

EXECUTION VERSION
(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.
(d) The provisions set out in Clause 7.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting), 7.2 {Procedure fo r arranging a Bondholder's Meeting), Clause 7.3 ( Voting Rules) and Clause 7.4 {RepeatedBondholders'Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:
(i) the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 7.2 {Procedure for arranging Bondholders Meetings)-, or
(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 7.5 {Written Resolution),
shall not apply to a Written Procedure.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period").
(f) The Voting Period shall be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date o f the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 7.4 {Repeated Bondholders 'Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date o f the Summons.
(g) Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3 {Bondholders 'rights), will be counted in the Written Resolution.
(h) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of Clause 7.1 {Authority o f Bondholders ' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number o f Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
(i) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(j) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number o f votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day o f the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 7.1 {Authority o f Bondholders 'Meeting).

8.

THE BOND TRUSTEE

8.1 Power to represent the Bondholders
(a) Following a bankruptcy or liquidation o f the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may, subject to applicable law, take any action it deems necessary in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders.
(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.

NT

EXECUTION VERSION
(c) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
8.2 The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including such documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance o f the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on separated accounts.
(f) The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other Finance Document, or any applicable law.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(h) If the cost, loss or liability which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(i) complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or
(ii) taking any action at its own initiative,
will not, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be covered by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) o f Clause 8.4 {Expenses, liability and indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(i) The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring o f the Bonds or other situations.
8.3 Equality and conflicts of interest
(a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or

EXECUTION VERSION
comply with any direction or request o f any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
8.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity
(a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has:
(i) acted in accordance with advice from or opinions o f reputable external experts; or
(ii) acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Bond Trustee considers that it is to the interests of the Bondholders to delay or perform any action.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. For Nordic Financial Undertakings, and Nordic governmental issuers, annual fee will be determined according to applicable fee structure and terms and conditions presented at the Bond Trustee's web site (www.nordictrustee.no) at the Issue Date, unless otherwise is agreed with the Bond Trustee. For other issuers a separate Bond Trustee Agreement will be entered into. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged in a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due the Issuer being Insolvent or similar circumstances pertaining, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection therewith,
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and 15

EXECUTION VERSION
anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that instruction and/or who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.
8.5 Replacement of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 7 {Bondholders' Decision), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 8.5 {Replacement o f the Bond Trustee), initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this Clause 8.5 {Replacement o f the Bond Trustee).T\\q Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(d) The change o f Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution o f all necessaiy actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
(e) Upon change o f Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.

9.

OTHER PROVISIONS

9.1 Amendments
9.1.1 Procedure fo r amendments and waivers
Subject to the provisions in Clause 8 (The Bond Trustee) above, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to make any amendments of the terms of the Bonds which are of a formal, minor or technical nature or are made to correct a manifest error. Other amendments to the terms of the Bonds shall be subject to approval by the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 7 (Bondholders' decisions).
If required any amendments o f the terms of the Bonds shall be subject to the prior approval of the Issuer's Supervisor.
9.1.2 Notification o f amendments
The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the Bondholders o f any amendments made in accordance with this Clause 9.1 {Amendments), setting out the date from which the amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly registered with the CSD.

16

EXECUTION VERSION 9.2 The Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion (including, to the extent applicable with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to ant put option).
9.3 Expenses (a) The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with these Bond Terms and the
fulfilment of its obligations hereunder, including the preparation of these Bond Terms, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange, and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the CSD. (b) The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer. For Financial Undertaking, and Nordic governmental issuers, annual fee will be determined according to applicable fee structure and terms and conditions presented at the Bond Trustee's web site (www.nordictrustee.no) at the Issue Date, unless otherwise is agreed with the Bond Trustee. For other issuers a separate Bond Trustee Agreement will be entered into. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to insolvency or similar by the Issuer, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders. (c) Any public fees payable in connection with these Bond Terms and fulfilling of the obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any public fees levied on the trading of Bonds. 9.4 Notices (a) Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no. (b) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange. 9.5 Contact information The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of any changes in its postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
9.6 Governing law and jurisdiction These Bond Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Danish law.
The City Court of Copenhagen (Kebenhavns Byret) shall have exclusive jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms.
SIGNATURES:
17

