Bond Agreement

Nordic Trustee ASA

Entered into: between the Issuer: Company No. and the Bond Trustee: Company No. on behalf of the Bondholders in: with ISIN:

29 June 2015 Vardia Insurance Group ASA 994 288 962 Nordic Trustee ASA 963 342 624 FRN Vardia Insurance Group ASA 2015/2025 Subordinated Callable Bond Issue 2015/2025 NO 0010741549

The Issuer undertakes to issue the Bonds in accordance with the terms set forth in this Bond Agreement.
1 Terms of the Issue
The terms of the Issue are as follows, supplemented by the definitions and clarifications set forth in Section 2:

Maximum Amount: Initial Amount: Face Value: Currency: Issue Date: Maturity Date: Redemption Price:
Call:
Put: Interest Accrual Date: Interest Rate:
Reference Rate: Margin: Interest Payment Dates: Day Count Fraction:

NA

75,000,000

100,000

NOK (Norwegian Krone)

3 July 2015

3 July 2025

100 % of Face Value, subject to any adjustments following a Reduction of Amounts of Principal (see Clause 3.7).

Ordinary Call: 3 July 2020, and on any Interest Payment Date thereafter subject as set forth in Section 3, Clause 3.6.

Call Price: Equal to the Redemption Price

Conditional Call: See Section 3, Clause 3.6.

NA

NA

Issue Date

Reference Rate + Margin. The reference rate can not be less than 0%.

Three (3) months NIB OR

6.70 percentage points p.a.

3 January, 3 April, 3 July and 3 October each year.

Actual/360

1

NT

Additional Return: Business Day Convention: Listing: Exchange:

NA Modified Following YES Nordic ABM

Nordic Trustee ASA

2 Clarifications and definitions
When used in this Bond Agreement, the following words and capitalised terms shall have the following meaning and definition:

Additional Return:

If YES is specified, certain conditions set forth in Attachment apply regarding yield. If NA is specified, no provisions regarding Additional Return apply.

Applicable Regulations:

(i) prior to the implementation of Solvency II into Norwegian law, any legislation, rules or regulations (whether having the force of law or otherwise) applying to the Issuer from time to time relating to the characteristics, features or criteria of own funds or capital resources and, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation to the foregoing, including (a) the public regulations relating to capital adequacy (N o.: ansvarlig kapital) and (b) any other legislation, rules or regulations relating to such matters which are supplementary or extraneous to the obligations imposed on Norway by Solvency I or the Solvency II Directive; and

(ii) upon and following the implementation of Solvency II into Norwegian law, such rules and regulations as introduced in Norway from time to time for the purposes of implementing Solvency II into Norwegian law.

Arrears of Interest:

As defined in Clause 3.5.3.

Attachment:

Amy attachments to this Bond Agreement.

Bankruptcy Event:

A decision by the Ministry of Finance that the Issuer shall become subject to public administration (No: offentlig adm inistrasjon) according to the Act on Guarantee Schemes for Banks and Public Administration of 6 December 1996 no. 75 (No: b a n ksib in g slo ven ), as amended from time to time.

Bond Agreement:

This agreement including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the parties hereto.

Bond Trustee:

Nordic Trustee ASA or its successor(s).

Bondholder(s):

Holder of Bond(s) from time to time as registered in the Securities Register (VPS).

2

NT

Bondholders' Meeting: Bonds: Business Day: Business Day Convention:
Call:
Call Date: Call Price: Capital Disqualification Event:
Capital Requirement Breach:

Nordic Trustee ASA
Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in Section 5 of this Bond Agreement.

Securities issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement and which is registered in the Securities Register, each a "Bond".

Any day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Convention for adjusting any relevant payment date ("Payment Date") if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day;

(i) If Modified Business Day is specified, the applicable Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day.

(ii) If Modified Following Business Day is specified, the applicable Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date shall be the first preceding Business Day.

(iii) If No Adjustment is specified, the applicable Interest Payment Date shall not be adjusted even if that day is not a Business Day (payments shall be made on the first following Business Day).

Issuer's early redemption right of Bonds at the date(s) stated (the "Call Date") and corresponding price(s) (the "Call Price"), ref. Clauses 3.6. The Call Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. If NA is specified under Call in Section 1, the provisions regarding Call do not apply.

As defined above under "Call".

As defined above under "Call".

An event which occurs if, as a result of any replacement of or change to (or change to the interpretation by any court or relevant authority) the Applicable Regulation which becomes effective on or after the Issue Date (including the implementation of Solvency II), the Bonds or part of the Bonds are no longer, or there is a substantial risk that they will no longer be, eligible in accordance with the Applicable Regulations to count as cover for the capital or solvency requirements (as such terms are described from time to time in the Applicable Regulations) for the Issuer whether on a single or consolidated basis (and including, for the avoidance of doubt, any change to any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital).

A breach of the applicable capital requirements or solvency requirements from time to time (as such requirements are defined)
3

NT

Interest Rate:
Interest Accrual Date: Interest Payment Date: Currency: Day Count Fraction:
Event of Default: Exchange:

Nordic Trustee ASA
under the Applicable Regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the solvency capital requirement (SCR) as defined in Solvency II is a Capital Requirement Breach.

Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds;

(i) If the Interest Rate is stated in percentage points, the Bonds shall bear interest at this rate per annum (based on the Day Count Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including the Interest Accrual Date to the Maturity Date.

(ii) If the Interest Rate is stated as Reference Rate + Margin the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin (based on the Day Count Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including the Interest Accrual Date to the first Interest Payment Date, and thereafter from and including each Interest Payment Date to the next Interest Payment Date until Maturity Date.

The date on which interest on the Bond starts to accrue. If NA is specified, Interest Accrual Date does not apply.

Date(s) on which the payment of Interest falls due. The Interest Payment Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention.

The currency in which the Bonds are denominated.

The convention for calculation of payment of Interest.

(i) If 30/360 is specified, the number of days in the relevant interest period shall be calculated from and including the Interest Accrual Date/Interest Payment Date to the next Interest Payment Date on basis of a year of 360 days with 12 months of 30 days divided by 360, unless (a) the last day in the relevant interest period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of the relevant interest period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the relevant interest period is the last calendar day in February, in which case February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.

(ii) If Actual/360 is specified, the actual number of days in the relevant interest period shall be from and including the Interest Accrual Date/Interest Payment Date to the next Interest Payment Date. The number of days shall be divided by 360.

The occurrence of an event set forth in Clause 3.9.

Exchange or other recognized marketplace for securities, on which

4

NT

Face Value: Financial Institution Initial Amount: ISIN: Issue: Issue Date: Issuer: Issuer's Bonds:
Issuer's Supervisor:
Junior Obligations:
Listing:
Mandatory Interest Deferral Date:

Nordic Trustee ASA
the Issuer has, or has applied for, listing of the Bonds. If NA is specified, the terms of this Bond Agreement covering Exchange do not apply.

The face (nominal) value of each Bond.

Entity with authorization according to the Norwegian Financial Institution Act (1988/40).

The amount equal to the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds (minimum) issued on the Issue Date. The identification number of the Bonds (International Securities Identification Number).

The issue of Bonds pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

The date of the first Issue. If Maximum Amount is NA the first issue is the only issue of Bonds.

The person or entity that has issued the Bonds and is the borrower (debtor) under this Bond Agreement.

Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.

The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway Act (No: F inanstilsynetj and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer with respect to its capital.

(i) the Issuer's share capital, and

(ii) any other obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Bonds.

Indicates listing of the Bonds on en Exchange. If YES is specified, the Issuer shall submit an application in order to have the Bonds listed on the Exchange(s) as set out herein. If NO is specified, no obligation for listing applies, but the Issuer may, at its own discretion, apply for listing.

Each Interest Payment Date immediately following (i) the date as of which the Issuer's most recent quarterly report to the Issuer's Supervisor disclosed that a Capital Requirement Breach has occurred, or there is a risk that a Capital Requirement Breach or a Bankruptcy Event would occur as a result of the payment of Interest, provided that such Interest Payment Date shall not be a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date if, since the date of publication of such report, the Issuer has remedied the Capital Requirement Breach and that no such event will occur as a result of the interest payment, and/or (ii) the occurrence of any event which under the
5

NT

Margin:

Nordic Trustee ASA
Applicable Regulations would require the Issuer to defer or suspend payment of interest in respect of the Bonds (unless the Issuer's Supervisor has waived such requirement). Margin expressed in percentage points to be added to the Reference Rate (if the Margin is negative, it shall be deducted from the Reference Rate). If NA is specified, no Margin applies.

Maturity Date:

The date on which the Bonds fall due. The Maturity Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention.

Maximum Amount:

Amount stating the maximum aggregate Face Value of Bonds which may be issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement. If NA is specified, the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds issued may not exceed the amount specified as the Initial Amount.

NIBOR:

(Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) Interest rate fixed for a defined period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 hours Oslo time. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the Reference Rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate as the initial Reference Rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the Reference Rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo.

Optional Interest Deferral Any Interest Payment Date which is not a Mandatory Interest

Date:

Deferral Date.

Outstanding Bonds:

The aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged in the Securities Register.

Parity Obligations:

Any obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank pari passu with the Bonds.

Paying Agent:

The entity acting as registrar for the Bonds in the Securities Register and paying agent on behalf of the Issuer in the Securities Register.

Payment Date:

A date of payment of interest or principal on the Bonds, as defined above under "Business Day Convention.

Redemption Price:

The price, stated as a percentage of the Face Value, at which the Bonds shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date.

Reference Rate:

NIBOR rounded to the nearest hundredth of a percentage point on each Reset Date, for the period stated. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does not apply.

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS").
6

NT

Reset Date: Securities Register: Solvency II: Taxation Event:
Voting Bonds: VPS

Nordic Trustee ASA
Dates on which the Interest Rate is fixed for the subsequent interest period for the Bonds where Reference Rate applies. The first Reset Date is two (2) Business Days before the Interest Accrual Date. Thereafter the Reset Date is two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.
The securities register in which the Bonds are registered, being the VPS.
Directive 2009/13 8/EC of 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of business of Insurance and Re-insurance (Solvency II) (as amended from time to time) and is intended to be transposed by member states of the European Economic Area by 1 January 2016.
An event which occurs as a result of any amendment to, clarification of or change (including any announced prospective change) in the laws or treaties (or regulations thereunder or public interpretation thereof) of Norway affecting taxation (including any change in the interpretation by any court or relevant authority) or any governmental action, on or after the Issue Date, and there is a substantial risk that:
(i) The Issuer is, or will be, subject to a significant amount of other taxes, duties or other governmental charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Bonds;
(ii) The treatment of any of the Issuer's items of income or expense with respect to the Bonds as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Issuer to a significant amount of additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges; or
(iii) The Issuer would be required to gross up interest payments. Outstanding Bonds less Issuer's Bonds.
As defined above under "Registration".

7

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA
3 Other terms of the Issue
3.1 The purpose of the Issue
3.1.1 The purpose of the Issue is to have the Bonds to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for the purpose of the Applicable Regulation and as determined by the Issuer's Supervisor.
3.2 Listing and prospectus
3.2.1 In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, matters concerning the listing requiring the approval of the Bondholders shall be resolved pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement.
In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, the Issuer shall submit the documents and the information necessary to maintain the listing.
The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement shall be incorporated in any prospectus and other subscription or information materials related to the Bonds.
3.3 Status
3.3.1 The Bonds will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations, and will in connection with a Bankruptcy Event of the Issuer rank:
a) pari passu without any preference among the Bonds; b) pari passu with all outstanding Parity Obligations; c) in priority to payments to creditors in respect of Junior Obligations; d) junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of (i) policyholders of the
Issuer, and (ii) any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer.
3.4 Security
3.4.1 The Bonds are unsecured.
3.5 Deferral of Payments
3.5.1 Optional Deferral of Interest
The Issuer may on any Optional Interest Deferral Date by notice to the Bond Trustee defer payment of all (but not only some) of the interest accrued but unpaid to that date.
3.5.2 Mandatory Deferral of Interest
The Issuer will on any Mandatory Interest Deferral Date by notice to the Trustee (together with a certificate signed by authorised signatories of the Issuer confirming the relevant Interest Payment Date is a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date) defer payment of all (but not only some) of the interest accrued but unpaid to that date.
3.5.3 Payment of Deferred Interest
Any interest not paid on an Optional Interest Deferral Date or a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date ("Arrears of Interest") may at the option of the Issuer, be paid in whole or in part at the next Interest Payment Date which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date, and shall, subject to prior approval from the Issuer's Supervisor (to the extent required under the Applicable Regulations), be paid in whole on a date which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date at the earliest of:
(a) the date of any redemption of the Bonds in accordance with the terms and conditions for the Bonds;
(b) the date of a Bankruptcy Event; or
8

Nordic Trustee ASA
(c) the date on which the Issuer pays any distribution or dividend or makes any payment (including payment in relation to redemption or repurchase) on or in respect of any Junior Obligations or Parity Obligations, or the date on which any dividend or other distribution on or payment (including payment in relation to redemption or repurchase) on or in respect of the Issuer's share capital is paid.
3.5.4 Interest will not accrue on Arrears of Interest.

3.6 Issuer's Call Option (Optional Redemption) 3.6.1 Ordinary Call
The Issuer may on the Call Date or any Interest Payment Date thereafter, if the Issuer provides satisfactory evidence to the Bond Trustee, that (i) in the opinion of the Issuer's Supervisor no Capital Requirement Breach has occurred or is likely to occur as a result of a redemption, and (ii) the Issuer has received prior consent of the Issuer's Supervisor, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Bonds at the Call Price.
3.6.2 Conditional Call
If the Issuer provides satisfactory evidence to the Bond Trustee, that: (a) a Capital Disqualification Event; and/or (b) a Taxation Event;
has occurred, the Issuer may subject to prior consent of the Issuer's Supervisor, redeem all (but not only some only) of the outstanding Bonds at the Call Price, provided that the repayment of the Bonds is funded by a subordinated loan which qualifies as Subordinated Loan Capital Tier 2 or Tier 1 capital (No: kjemekapital)..
3.6.3 If exercising the Call, the Issuer shall at the relevant date indicated under Call pay to the Bondholders the Face Value of the Bonds to be redeemed plus accrued interest and Arrears of Interest, if any, on the redeemed Bonds without any premium or penalty.
3.6.4 Exercise of Call shall be notified by the Issuer to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the relevant Call Date. The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent in accordance with Clause 4.7.2 below.

3.7 Reduction of Amounts of Principal

The Bonds may be utilized by the Issuer to absorb losses by a reduction of principal amounts pursuant to Applicable Regulations and ancillary regulations. Provided the audited accounts of the Issuer show that a substantial part of its subordinated debt capital has been lost, such a write down may be resolved by a shareholders' meeting of the Issuer acting upon a proposal by the Board. The Issuer undertakes that such a proposal will include a recommendation that principal in respect of Tier 1 indebtedness should be written down prior to any principal in respect of undated Tier 2 subordinated indebtedness. Any undated Tier 2 subordinated indebtedness will be written down together with (and pro rata to) any principal in respect of any dated Tier 2 subordinated indebtedness.

Pursuant to the above, and subject to applicable provisions of Norwegian law, the Issuer undertakes that it will, subject to prior approval from the Issuer's Supervisor (to the extent required under the Applicable Regulations), recommend that its shareholders cancel all
9

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA
principal in respect of all Tier 1 Capital and all paid up equity and equity fund/retained earnings of the Issuer before cancelling any principal in respect of the Bonds and on a pro rata basis with all other pari passu claims.
To the extent that only parts of the outstanding principal amount of the Bonds has been cancelled as provided above on a pro rata basis, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with the terms hereof on the then outstanding principal amount of the Bonds.
In order to facilitate any reduction of principal as set out herein, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Securities Register to split the Face Value of the Bonds.
3.8 Payments 3.8.1 On each Interest Payment Date, subject to the provisions in Clause 3.5, the Issuer shall in
arrears pay the accrued interest amount to the Bondholders. 3.8.2 The Issuer may not apply any counterclaims in set-off against its payment obligations
pursuant to this Bond Agreement. 3.8.3 Amounts payable to the Bondholders by the Issuer shall be available to the Bondholders on
the date the amount is due pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
3.9 Events of default 3.9.1 This Bond Agreement does not contain any event of default provision and neither the Bond
Trustee nor the Bondholders may declare any event of default by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Bond Agreement neither on the basis of the Bond Agreement nor on the basis of general principles of Norwegian law.
3.9.2 Bondholders may only demand prepayment in the event of actual bankruptcy/liquidation of the Issuer.

4 Other terms and conditions

4.1 Conditions precedent

4.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall have received the following documentation, no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

a) this Bond Agreement duly signed,

b) the Issuer's corporate resolution to make the Issue,

c) confirmation that the relevant individuals are authorised to sign on behalf of the Issuer this Bond Agreement and other relevant documents in relation hereto, (Company Certificate, Power of Authority etc.),

d) the Issuer's Articles of Association,

e) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (prospectus requirements) are fulfilled,

f) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Issue,

g) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register,

h) any agreement regarding the Bond Trustee's fees and expenses as set forth in Clause 4.9.2 duly signed,

10

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA
i) confirmation according to Clause 4.2.2 if applicable, j) approval from the Issuer's Supervisor regarding issuance of Bonds in accordance
with Clause 3.1, k) any other relevant documentation presented in relation to the Issue, and l) any statements (including legal opinions) required by the Bond Trustee regarding
documentation in this Clause 4.1.1.
4.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for the documentation as set forth in Clause 4.1.1.
4.1.3 The Issuance of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the manager of the Issue and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
4.2 Representations and warranties
4.2.1 At any Issue, the Issuer represents and warrants that:
a) all information which has been presented in relation to such Issue is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to effect the importance of the information as regards the evaluation of the Bonds, and that the Issuer has taken all reasonable measures to ensure this,
b) the Issuer has made a valid resolution to make such Issue, and such Issue does not contravene any of the Issuer's other liabilities, and
c) public requirements have been fulfilled (i.a. Norwegian Securities Trading Act Chapter 7 and the Norwegian Issue Regulations 1996 no. 1247), and that any required public authorisations have been obtained.
4.2.2 The Bond Trustee may prior to any Issue require a statement from the Issuer confirming the Issuer's compliance with Clause 4.2.1.
4.3 Registration of Bonds
4.3.1 The Issuer shall continuously ensure the correct registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
4.4 Interest Rate Fixing
4.4.1 If, pursuant to this Bond Agreement, the Interest Rate shall be adjusted during the term of the Bonds, any adjustments shall be carried out by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Exchange shall be notified of the new Interest Rate applicable until the next Interest Payment Date.
4.5 The Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
4.5.1 The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may subject to receiving the prior consent from the Issuer's Supervisor at any time purchase Bonds in any manner and at any price. Amy Bonds repurchased by the Issuer or any of its affiliates will be held by the Issuer or may be cancelled by causing such Bonds to be deleted of the records of the Securities Register.

11

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA

4.6 Covenants

4.6.1 Information Covenants

The Issuer undertakes to:

4.6.2

a) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a material effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement,
b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or change the nature of its business,
c) upon request, provide the Bond Trustee with its annual and interim reports and any other information reasonably required by the Bond Trustee,
d) upon request report to the Bond Trustee the balance of Issuer's Bonds,
e) without being requested to do so, provide a copy to the Bond Trustee of any notice to its creditors to be made according to applicable laws and regulations,
f) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of notices to the Exchange which have relevance to the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement,
g) without being requested to do so and without any delay, inform the Bond Trustee of any events described in Clause 3.5,3.6 and 3.7,
h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register, and
i) without being requested to do so, annually in connection with'the release of its annual report, or upon request, confirm to the Bond Trustee compliance with any covenants set forth in this Bond Agreement.
Other undertakings
The Issuer undertakes to comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it may be subject to from time to time, where failure to comply may have material adverse effect on its ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement.

4.7 Notices
4.7.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.
4.7.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

NT
12

Nordic Trustee ASA

4.8 Expenses

4.8.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfillment of its obligations hereunder, including the preparation of this Bond Agreement, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange, and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.8.2

The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer. For Financial Institutions, and Norwegian governmental issuers, annual fee will be determined according to applicable fee structure an terms and conditions presented at the Bond Trustee's web site (www.trustee.no) at the Issue Date, unless otherwise is agreed with the Trustee. For other issuers a separate fee agreement will be entered into. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to insolvency or similar by the Issuer, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

4.8.3 Any public fees payable in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilling of the obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any public fees levied on the trading of Bonds.

4.8.4 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.

5 Bondholders' Meeting

5.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
5.1.1 The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders' community in all matters regarding the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding and prevail for all Bonds.
5.2 Procedural rules for the Bondholders' Meeting
5.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:
d) the Issuer, e) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds, f) the Bond Trustee, or g) the Exchange.

5.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

5.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

5.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

5.2.5 The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If

13

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA
amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
5.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting.
5.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.
5.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
5.2.9 Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.
5.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and representatives of the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.
5.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.
5.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
5.3.1 At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuer's Bonds. Issuer's Bonds have no voting rights.
5.3.2 In all matters to be dealt with at the Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.
5.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 5.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.
5.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in clause 5.3.5.
5.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the votes is required:
a) any amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds.
b) the transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (borrower), or
14

Nordic Trustee ASA
c) change of Bond Trustee.
5.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
5.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.
5.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
5.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting
5.4.1 If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 5.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
5.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

6 The Bond Trustee

6.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

6.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, informing the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.1.3 The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement, which, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement, see however Clause 6.1.5.

6.1.4 The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 6.1.3 provided prior notification to the Bondholders are given, see however Clause 6.1.5. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date of such notification.

6.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 6.1.3 or 6.1.4 for matters

set forth in Clause 5.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or

incompleteness.

15

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA

6.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

6.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

6.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 5.3.5.

6.2 Termination and recovery

6.2.1 The Bond Trustee may take any action it deems necessary in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders.

6.2.2

Should the Bond Trustee receive a written demand to take action as set forth in Clause 6.2.1 from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of Voting Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall take such actions unless the Bondholders' Meeting has passed a resolution for alternative solutions,

6.2.3 The Bond Trustee shall be indemnified by the Bondholders for any results (including any expenses, costs and liabilities) of taking action pursuant to Clause 6.2.2 or pursuant to the Bondholders' Meeting having declared the Bonds to be in default. The Bond Trustee may claim indemnity and security from the Bondholders who put forward the demand in accordance with clause 6.2.2 or voted for the adopted resolution at the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.3 Liability and indemnity

6.3.1 The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

6.3.2

The Issuer is liable for and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of all direct losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer to fulfill its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement.

6.4 Change of Bond Trustee

6.4.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 5. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

6.4.2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 4.9, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

6.4.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

NT
16

Nordic Trustee ASA

7 General provisions

7.1 The Bondholders' community

7.1.1 Through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, the Bondholders will be deemed to have acceded to this Bond Agreement and hereby accept that:

a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement,

b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders,

c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register,

d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other,

(ii)

the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly

towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings

against the Issuer,

(iii)

the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the

Bondholders,

(iv)

the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that

(v)

the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

7.1.2 This Bond Agreement shall be publicly available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer.

7.2 Dispute resolution and legal venue

7.2.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Bond Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo District Court.

7.3 Amendments

7.3.1 Subject to the provisions in Clause 6 above, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to make any amendments of the terms of the Bonds which are of a formal, minor or technical nature or are made to correct a manifest error. The Trustee shall furthermore be entitled (but without obligation), upon request from the Issuer and subject to approval Rom the Issuer Supervisor, to make amendments to the terms of Bonds to ensure that these continue to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer for the purpose of the Applicable Regulations as set out under Purpose above, where such change is required as a result of any change in the relevant laws and regulations, or in any official interpretation thereof. Other amendments to the terms of the Bonds shall be subject to approval by the Bondholders (with a simple or qualified majority, as the case may be pursuant to Clause 5.3) and, if and where relevant, to the Issuer's Supervisor's consent.

7.4 Contact information
7.4.1 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of any changes in its postal address, e-mail

17

