Term Sheet

Final term sheet

ISIN: NO0010739683
Höegh LNG Holdings Ltd. Senior Unsecured Open Bond Issue 2015/2020 (the "Bonds")
Settlement date: 5 June 2015

Issuer:

Höegh LNG Holdings Ltd. (incorporated in Bermuda)

Currency:

USD

First Tranche:

USD 130 million

Borrowing Limit: USD 200 million

Coupon rate:

3 months LIBOR + 5.00 % p.a.

Settlement Date:

5 June 2015

Maturity Date:

5 June 2020 (5 years after the Settlement Date)

First Interest Payment Date:

5 September 2015 (3 months after the Settlement Date)

Last Interest Payment Date:

Maturity Date.

Interest Payments:

Interest on the Bonds will start to accrue on the Settlement Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the interest payment day in March, June, September and December each year. Day-count fraction for coupon is "act/360", business day convention is "modified following" and business day is Oslo, New York and London.

Subscription Price: 100.00% (par)

Nominal value:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 200,000 each. Minimum subscription and allotment amount shall be USD 200,000.

Purpose of the Bonds:

The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be used towards the general corporate purposes of the Group.

Status of the Bonds:

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application). The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.

Conditions Precedent:

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Issuer will be subject to the fulfillment of standard conditions precedent, to the satisfaction of the Trustee as customary for these types of transactions.

Representation and The Bond Agreement shall include standard representation and warranties. Warranties:

Call Options:

The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or parts) as follows:

1

Final term sheet

Bondholders' Put Option:
Special issues applicable to the Issuer:

(i) at any time from and including the Interest Payment in June 2018 to, but not including, the Interest Payment in June 2019 at 103.75% of par (plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount);

(ii) at any time from and including the Interest Payment in June 2019 to, but not including, the Interest Payment in December 2019 at 102.50% of par (plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount); and

(iii) at any time from and including the Interest Payment in December 2019 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at 101% of par (plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount).

Upon the occurrence of (i) a Change of Control Event or (ii) a De-listing Event, each Bondholder shall have a right to require pre-payment (a "Put Option") of the Bonds held by such Bondholder at a price of 101% of par value plus accrued interest. A Bondholder wishing to utilize this right must send written notice to its account manager which must notify the Paying Agent thereof within 60 calendar days of the date of notice from the Issuer to the Trustee informing about the occurrence of the relevant event, and the Issuer shall make the prepayment to each such Bondholder within 75 calendar days of the date of such notice from the Trustee.

During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless otherwise permitted under the Bond Agreement or the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with inter alia the following general covenants:

a) Distribution restrictions: The Issuer shall not make, declare or undertake any distribution in aggregate during any calendar year exceeding the higher of:

(i) 50% of the Issuer's consolidated net profit after taxes based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year; and

(ii) an aggregate amount which results in a distribution in respect of each of the Issuer's common shares in the financial year specified in Column 1 below of the amount set out in Column 2 below opposite that financial year:

Column 1 Financial year
ending on 31 December 2015 31 December 2016 31 December 2017 31 December 2018 31 December 2019 31 December 2020

Column 2 Maximum distribution USD 0.40 USD 0.50 USD 0.60 USD 0.70 USD 0.80 USD 0.90

provided that:

(i) no distribution may be made unless, immediately subsequent to the distribution, the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets will be at least 27.5% ; and

(ii) if and whenever there shall be a consolidation, reclassification or subdivision in relation to the Issuer's common shares, the amounts set out in Column 2 above shall be adjusted by multiplying them by the following fraction:

2

Final term sheet
A B
where:
A is the aggregate number of the Issuer's commons shares in issue immediately before such consolidation, reclassification or subdivision, as the case may be; and
B is the aggregate number of the Issuer's common shares in issue immediately after, and as a result of, such consolidation, reclassification or subdivision, as the case may be.
Any un-utilized portion of the permitted distribution may not be carried forward.
b) Mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
c) De-mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a splitting of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
d) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. The Issuer shall ensure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in the Bond Agreement.
e) Disposal of business, assets or operations: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless:
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
f) Subsidiaries' distributions: The Issuer shall ensure that no Subsidiary creates or permits to exist any contractual obligation (or Security) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) pay any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer, make any loans to the Issuer, or (iii) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer, except to the extent required (A) to comply with customary cash waterfall provisions, financial covenants or similar restrictions in financing agreements in place at the date of the Bond Agreement or (B) by restrictions similar to those set out in (A) in any agreement which may be entered into by and/or relating to a Group Company after the date of the Bond Agreement, in each case to the extent the regulation in such new agreements could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
g) Financial assistance restrictions: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, grant any loan, guarantee or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of security) to any third party not being a member of the Group or a JV Company, other than:
3

Financial Covenants:
Definitions:

Final term sheet
(i) in the ordinary course of business;
(ii) financial assistance (other than loans) in respect of any Financial Indebtedness of any member of the HMLP Group that is secured by Security over assets sold by a Group Company to a member of the HMLP Group, and which Financial Indebtedness was incurred under arrangements in existence at the date of that sale , but not incurred or increased or having its maturity date extended in contemplation of, or since, that sale; and
(iii) a revolving credit facility from the Issuer to HMLP in the maximum principal amount of USD 150,000,000 (or its equivalent amount in other currencies) that ranks senior to the unitholders' rights to receive distributions from HMLP, as long as no Security is created or permitted to subsist over the Issuer's rights or interest under any such revolving credit facility.
h) Reporting: The Issuer shall of its own accord make management and financial reports (quarterly, written in English) available to the Trustee (and via the distribution system at Oslo Børs and on its web pages) for public distribution not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period (each a "Reporting Date"). Such reports shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
i) Arm's length transaction: The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms.
j) Insurance: The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each other Group Company will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its properties and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice.
k) Ownership interest in HMLP: The Issuer shall at all times retain a direct or indirect ownership interest in HMLP of at least 25%.
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants:
a) Minimum Free Cash: The Issuer undertakes to maintain Free Cash of no less than the higher of (i) USD 35,000,000, and (ii) an amount equal to 3.5% of the Total Interest Bearing Debt.
b) Minimum Book Equity: The Issuer undertakes to maintain (on a consolidated basis) a Book Equity of no less than the higher of (i) USD 200,000,000; and (ii) 25% of the Total Assets.
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above financial covenants at all times, such compliance to be measured and certified by the Issuer with each quarterly and annual financial statement on the respective Reporting Date.
Book Equity means, on any date, the consolidated book equity of the Issuer calculated in accordance with GAAP, excluding mark-to-market valuation of derivatives.
Free Cash means, on any date, the Group's aggregate of the unrestricted, unpledged or pledged but not blocked, and freely available cash, including cash equivalents as
4

Final term sheet

Approvals: Change of Control Event:
De-listing Event:

calculated in accordance with GAAP.
GAAP means the generally accepted accounting principles, practices and standards in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
Group means the Issuer and all its Subsidiaries from time to time, each a "Group Company".
HMLP means Höegh LNG Partners LP, a limited partnership organized under the laws of the Marshall Islands.
HMLP Group means HMLP and all its subsidiaries from time to time.
Høegh Family means, collectively, Morten W. Høegh and Leif O. Høegh, and each of their direct linear descendants (the "Individuals"), the personal estate of any of the Individuals and any companies or trusts of which the Individuals, respectively, are principal beneficiaries.
JV Company means any current and/or future company or partnership in which the Issuer (directly or indirectly) holds an ownership interest, incorporated or established for the purpose of owning, developing and/or constructing any maritime operating vessel or any other operation which is substantially within the business that the Group is conducting at the date of this Bond Agreement, and which is not a Subsidiary of the Issuer or a member of the HMLP Group.
Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement or any other finance document; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement or any other finance document.
Security means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
Subsidiary means a company over which another company has decisive influence, provided, however, that no member of the HMLP Group shall be considered a Subsidiary of the Issuer.
Total Assets means, on any date, the consolidated book value of the Issuer's total assets, calculated in accordance with GAAP, excluding positive mark-to-market valuation of derivatives.
Total Interest Bearing Debt means, on any date, the consolidated book value of the Issuer's total interest-bearing debt, less any interest-bearing debt of any Group Company, JV Company or a member of the HMLP Group financed without any recourse to any (other) Group Company, calculated in accordance with GAAP.
The issue of the Bonds has been approved by the Issuer's Board of Directors.
If and when, subsequent to the date hereof, the members of the Høegh Family: (a) cease to beneficially own and control (directly or indirectly) jointly of at least 20% of the entire issued share capital and voting rights of the Issuer, other than as a result of a dilution following an issuance of new equity; or (b) are no longer jointly the largest shareholder of the Issuer.
If the shares of the Issuer cease to be listed on Oslo Børs.

5

Final term sheet

Event of Default:
Issuer's ownership of bonds: Joint Lead Managers:
Trustee: Registration: Issuer's company number: Paying Agent: Taxation:
Bond Agreement:

The Bond Agreement shall include standard event of default provisions related to the Group in respect of non-payment, breach of other obligations, cross default, insolvency proceedings, creditors' process, impossibility or illegality and Material Adverse Effect, with applicable remedy provisions and exceptions. The cross default and creditor's process provisions will have a threshold on any financial indebtedness or assets (as the case may be) of USD 25 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies. Event of default will not arise solely if a Group Company is not able to or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or if the value of the assets of any Group Company is less than its liabilities.
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
Danske Bank Markets, Norwegian Branch, Bryggetorget 4, 0107 Oslo, Norway; DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, NO-0191, Oslo, Norway; Nordea Bank Norge ASA, Nordea Markets, P.O. Box 1166 Sentrum, NO-0107 Oslo, Norway; Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gate 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway; and Swedbank Norway, branch of Swedbank AB (publ), P.O. Box 1441 Vika, N-0115 Oslo.
Nordic Trustee ASA, P.O. Box 1470 Vika, NO-0116 Oslo, Norway.
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.
39152.
Nordea Bank Norge ASA
The Issuer shall pay any and all taxes and other fees due to public authorities payable as a consequence of the issue of the Bonds. The Issuer shall not be responsible for the payment of any such expenses arising in connection with or as a consequence of any of trading of the Bonds in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.
The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds, and shall be based on the Standard Norwegian bond template. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.
Each subscriber in the Bonds, such subscription documented by an application form, a taped telephone conversation, e-mail or otherwise, is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur.
The application form specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders, who will execute and deliver such application forms prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically

6

Final term sheet

become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.

The Joint Lead Managers have appointed external counsel to draft and/or review the finance documents. Upon appointment of the Trustee the external counsel may be acting upon instruction of the Trustee.

Listing:

The Issuer will apply for the Bonds to be listed on Oslo Børs no later than 12 months after the Issue Date.

Market making:

No market-maker agreement has been made for this Issue.

Eligible purchasers:

The Bonds shall only be offered to non-"U.S. persons" in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of Rule 902 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act") except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act. In addition to the application form that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

Nordea is not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as a U.S. registered broker-dealer and will not participate in the offer or sale of the Bonds within the United States.

Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

Subject to:

The issue of Bonds shall be subject to approval of the loan documentation by the Issuer's board of directors and the Trustee.
Oslo, 29 May 2015

As Issuer

As Joint Lead Manager

As Joint Lead Manager

As Joint Lead Manager

As Joint Lead Manager

As Joint Lead Manager

7

