N O RSK T IL L ITSM A N N ASA

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.

To the bondholders in:

ISIN: NO 001 0369697 -10 per cent Biofuel Energy AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012 with Warrants

Oslo, 16 May 2008

Request for a waiver of covenants - Notice from Bondholders' Meeting
On 16 May 2008 a Bondholders' meeting was held pursuant to summons of 8 May 2008 regarding a request for a waiver of certain covenants in the Loan Agreement.
There were sufficient Bondholders present at the meeting to form a quorum. The proposed resolution obtained 100 % of the votes, and the proposal was adopted according to the voting requirements of the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement will therefore be changed as follows:
All capitalised terms used in this resolution shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Loan Agreementfor the Bond Issue with ISIN N00010369697', or in the summons to the Bondholders meeting passing the resolution.
The Bondholders:
a. waive the Change o f Control Requirement with respect to UMOE's ownership interest in the Borrower, hut only on the condition that: (i) the Borrower raise at least NOK 350,000,000 of additional equity as part o f the May 13 Offering by the close o f the Offering Period, and (ii) UMOE 's ownership interest in the Borrower never exceeds 76% o f the total issued and outstanding shares o f the Borrowerfrom time to time, after the consummation o f the May 13 Offering;
b. waive (i) the Event o f Default arising out o f the Offerings as a result of the Borrower's non-compliance with the Anti-Dilution Requirements and (ii) any right o f the Bondholders or the Loan Trustee, for and on behalf o f the Bondholders, to require the Borrower to agree with the Loan Trustee a new Exercise Price under the Anti-Dilution Requirements in respect o f any non-compliance therewith by the Borrower, but in each case only on condition the Offerings will be made to both shareholders and warrantholders, with warrantholders being treated in all respects in a manner equivalent to, and as if they were shareholders in the Company; and

M A I L I N G A D D R E S S · P . O . B O X 1470 VIK A , N - O I l 6 OSL O

LOCATION * HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

p h o n e « +47 22 87 94 00 fax +47 22 87 94 10 org. nr no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail * mai l @t r ust ee. no

N O RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
c. waive the New Indebtedness Restrictions, but only to the extent required to allow the Project Company to utilize Equipment Financing up to an aggregate amount of BRL 90 million to acquire Heavy Agricultural Equipment upon and after the date such waiver is approved.
d. Except as expressly provided in this resolution (the "Waiver"), the Loan Agreement and all provisions thereofin effect as o f the date hereofshall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. Except as expressly provided herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness o f this Waiver shall not operate as a waiver or an amendment o f any condition precedent, misrepresentation, breach, Event o f Default, right, power or remedy o f any party to the Loan Agreement or constitute a waiver or an amendment o f any provision thereof. The granting o f the w>aiver does not establish a course o f dealing or otherwise obligate the Loan Trustee or any Bondholders or Warrantholders at any Bondholders 'meeting to agree to any waiver or amendment in the future.
e. The Loan Trustee is granted authorisation to make any amendments to the Loan Agreement and may on behalfo f the Bondholders enter into any agreement necessary as to accomplish the facilitating o f the above resolution. The Loan Trustee is also granted the authority, on behalf of the Bondholders, to agree to any minor adjustments to the resolution needed tofacilitate the implementation.
The Bondholders may obtain a copy of the minutes from the meeting by request to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
Yours sincerely i \ Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
\^ .

