Loan Description

ISIN: NO 001 0333206

3 months NIBOR + 6.50 % Oceanteam Power & Umbilical AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2006/2010
Settlement date: Expected to 27th September 2006

Issuer:

Oceanteam Power & Umbilical AS

Currency:

NOK

Loan amount:

NOK 420 million

Coupon rate:

3 months NIBOR + 6.50% p.a. Quarterly Interest Payments.

Settlement Date:

Expected to be 27th September 2006. Notice is expected to be given to Subscribers minimum two banking days prior to Settlement Date.

Maturity Date:

27th September 2010 (4 years after Settlement Date) at price 100.00.

First interest payment day:
Last interest payment day:

27th December (3 months after Settlement Date) 27th September 2010 (4 years after Settlement Date)

Interest Payments:

Interest on the Loan will commence to accrue on Settlement Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the interest payment day in March, June, September and December each year, or if not a Norwegian banking day on the first subsequent banking day. Day count fraction for coupon is act/360, modified following.

Price:

100.00 (par)

Nominal value:

The bonds will have a nominal value of NOK 500,000. The bonds will be registered in Verdipapirsentralen (VPS).

Status of the loan:

The bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law. The bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.

Issuer's call option:

The Issuer may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follow: (i) Any time from Settlement Date to, but not included, 27th September 2008 at
108.0% of par plus accrued interests, (ii) Any time from and included 27th September 2008 to, but not included, 27th
September 2009 at 106 % of par plus accrued interest, (iii) Any time from and included 27th September 2009 to, but not included, Maturity
Date at 103.50 % of par plus accrued interests.

Security:

The Loan shall be secured by:

(i) first priority pledge in the Issuer's shares in North Ocean III AS and North

1

Guarantors: No dividend clause : No additional debt clause:
Equity ratio:
Group: Special issues:

Ocean III KS (both 100 % (directly or indirectly) owned by the Issuer). North Ocean III KS will enter into the Construction Contract (including all related documents) to take delivery of the vessel North Ocean 103.
(ii) first priority pledge in the Issuer's shares in Skagerak AS (to be established), a 100 % owned company of the Issuer which will be the sole owner of the vessel CLV Skagerak.
(iii) first priority mortgage in CLV Skagerak in favor of the Trustee, on behalf of the bondholders. (including insurances).
(iv) unconditional on-demand guarantee from the Guarantors.
(v) First priority assignment of intra-group loan ("Intra-Group Loan") between the Issuer and North Ocean III KS which shall be in the minimum amount of the Loan Amount minus an amount of NOKm 50 to be employed to acquire CLV Skagerak.
When the vessel North Ocean 103 is delivered, a first priority mortgage in North Ocean 103 will be established to secure the Intra-Group Loan, which shall be secured in favor of the Issuer on terms acceptable to the Loan Trustee and subject to the IntraGroup Loan Agreement.(including insurances) (see item (v) above).
The bond will carry a negative pledge on the Issuers shares in North Ocean III AS, North Ocean III KS and Skagerak AS, as well as the contracts/assets related to North Ocean III KS, North Ocean III AS and Skagerak AS.
North Ocean III AS and Skagerak AS
The Issuer shall not make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders during the term of the loan.
The Issuer shall not aincur any further financial indebtedness (including guarantees) nor permit any subsidiaries to incur any further financial indebtedness (including guarantees), except for (i) debt that is incurred in the ordinary course of business within the group and (ii) debt established in new subsidiaries without recourse to any other part of the Group. A carve out of the clause is given for total debt in the North Ocean 1 KS of up to EURm 35, and in the North Ocean II KS of up to EURm 41.4.
During the term of the loan, the Group shall at all times maintain Equity to Total Assets ratio of minimum 20 %.
The Equity to Total Assets ratio shall be calculated as follows:
Book valueof Equity > 0.20 Book valueof total assets
The Equity to Total Assets ratio shall be calculated every quarter.
The Issuer with all its existing and future subsidiaries.
The Issuer shall not without the approval of the Trustee or, where necessary, the
Bondholders' meeting:
a) cease to carry on its business. b) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature
of its business in a manner which might jeopardize the Borrowers fulfillment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement c) sell or dispose of any shares in the subsidiaries Skagerak AS, North Ocean III AS or North Ocean III KS or any of the assets or contracts in the subsidiaries Skagerak AS, North Ocean III AS or North Ocean III KS.
The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in,
2

directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

The Subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Loan Agreement.

If the option to construct the vessel North Ocean 103 is not exercised within the end of September 2006, the entire Loan shall be redeemed at 102% of par (plus accrued, but not paid interest) within 10 banking days.
If the acquisition of the vessel Skagerak is not concluded within 1st December 2006, NOKm 50 of the Loan shall be redeemed at 102% of par (plus accrued, but not paid interest) within 10 banking days.

The Vessels

The Vessels means CLV Skagerak and North Ocean 103.

CLV Skagerak:

CLV Skagerak, a DNV+1A1 MV.EO.DYNPOS AUTR, NMD Class 2, vessel equipped with lay system for power umbilicals, to be purchased from Bourbon Cable AS for EURm 10.50.

North Ocean 103:

North Ocean 103, a Power Cable & Umbilical lay vessel / Construction Support Vessel with expected delivery date in August 2008. The vessel will have a length of 137m, 27m beam, deadweight of 10,000t, helideck, accommodation for 120 people, speed fully loaded of 15 knots, deck space of 2400m2 + 2 x 100 ton cranes. The vessel will be constructed at the shipyard Metalships & Docks S.A.U. in Spain and will from delivery be legally owned by a leasing company pursuant to the Construction Contracts (and relating documents including the Spanish tax lease arrangement). The leasing company will be obligated to grant a first priority mortgage upon delivery which will secure the Intra Group Loan Agreement, the Intragroup Loan Agreement will be pledged by the Borrower with a first priority to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

Escrow account:

On Settlement date, the net proceeds from the bond issue shall be transferred to an escrow account pledged in favour of the Trustee, on behalf of the bondholders, and shall only be released towards the Purpose of the Loan.

Construction Contract: The contract to construct the vessel North Ocean 103. Metalships & Docks in Spain will construct North Ocean 103.

Purpose of the Loan:

The net proceeds of the Loan shall be used for financing the construction of the vessel North Ocean 103, and the purchase of the vessel CLV Skagerak. A maximum of NOKm 50 mill of the proceeds from the Loan can be released towards the purchase of CLV Skagerak. The net proceeds of the Loan may be on-lent by the Issuer to the respective vessel owning companies and in respect of North Ocean 103 utilized as cash collateral for a bank guarantee towards the shipyard. The net proceeds from the Loan shall not be used for any other purposes.

An amount of NOKm 50 shall not be released from the Escrow account before a mortgage in the vessel CLV Skagerak is established, while an amount of the Loan minus NOKm 50 shall not be released from the Escrow Account before the option to acquire North Ocean 103 is exercised and the Construction Contract and related documents are signed.

North Ocean 1 KS:

A wholly owned (direct and indirect) subsidiary of the Issuer. Organization number is No 988 807 583

North Ocean II KS:

A wholly owned (direct and indirect) subsidiary of the Issuer. Organization number is No 989 815 822

3

North Ocean III KS:
North Ocean III AS: Skagerak AS: Maintenance and insurance :
Mandatory prepayment:

A wholly owned (direct and indirect) subsidiary of the Issuer. Organization number is No 989 815 911
A wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer. Organization number is No 989 815 873
A wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer. Organization number is No [tbn]
During the term of the Loan the Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Vessels. The increased value of the Vessel is gradual and the insurance value will be increased gradually.
If both of the Vessels or the Issuers shares in the North Ocean III AS and Skagerak AS is sold or disposed of in any way, anytime from and including Settlement Date to final Maturity Date, the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the outstanding bonds according to the Call option structure. This means at:
(i) If occurring anytime from and included Settlement Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment day in September 2008, the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the outstanding bonds at a price equal to 108.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
(ii) If occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment day in September 2008 to, but not included, Interest Payment day in September 2009, the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the outstanding bonds at a price equal to 106 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
(iii) If occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment day in September 2009 to, but not included, Maturity Date, the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the outstanding bonds at a price equal to 103.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
If CLV Skagerak or any of the Issuers shares in Skagerak AS is sold or disposed of in any way, anytime from and including Settlement Date to final Maturity Date, the Issuer shall redeem NOKm 50 of the outstanding bonds according to the Call option structure. This means at:
(i) If occurring anytime from and included Settlement Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment day in September 2008, the Issuer shall redeem NOKm 50 of the outstanding bonds at a price equal to 108.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
(ii) If occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment day in September 2008 to, but not included, Interest Payment day in September 2009, the Issuer shall redeem NOKm 50 of the outstanding bonds at a price equal to 106 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
(iii) If occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment day in September 2009 to, but not included, Maturity Date, the Issuer shall redeem NOKm 50 of the outstanding bonds at a price equal to 103.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
If North Ocean 103 or the contract to construct North Ocean 103 or any of the Issuers shares in North Ocean III KS or North Ocean III AS is sold or disposed of in any way, anytime from and including Settlement Date to final Maturity Date, the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the outstanding bonds according to the Call option structure. This means at:
(i) If occurring anytime from and included Settlement Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment day in September 2008, the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the outstanding bonds at a price equal to 108.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
(ii) If occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment day in September 2008 to, but not included, Interest Payment day in September 2009, the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the outstanding bonds at a price equal to 106 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
(iii) If occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment day in September
4

2009 to, but not included, Maturity Date, the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the outstanding bonds at a price equal to 103.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

Approvals:
Issuer's ownership of bonds:

If the Loan shall be redeemed according to this Mandatory prepayment clause, then the entire amount on the Escrow Account may be used as partly payment for Mandatory prepayment.
The bonds have been issued in accordance with the Issuer's Board approval dated [tbn]
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the bonds. Such bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold and used for partial redemption.

Arranger: Trustee: Registration:
Paying Agent: Issuer's org. number: Amortization:

Pareto Securities ASA, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo The Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS) Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS. DnB NOR Bank ASA NO 988 788 945 The bonds will be repaid in full 4 years after Settlement Date.

Event of default prepayment:
Taxation:
Loan Agreement:

If an event of default occurs, the principal of the Loan shall be repaid at 108.00% of face value (plus accrued, not paid interest) if the default occurred prior to September 2008 (2 year after Settlement Date), at 106% of face value (plus accrued, not paid interest) if the default occurred prior to September 2009 (3 years after Settlement Date), at 103.50% of face value (plus accrued, not paid interest) if the default occurred prior to Maturity Date (4 years after Settlement Date)
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the Loan, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market, except to the extent by reason of operation of applicable laws, and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.
The Loan Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative. The Loan Agreement regulates the bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Loan. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Loan Agreement, then the Loan Agreement shall prevail.
The Subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Loan Agreement and the related security documents. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur. The Loan Agreement shall also include provisions where after repayment due to default shall be treated the same way as if a Mandatory Prepayment was to take place at such point in time.
The Bond subscription forms specifically authorise the Trustee to execute and deliver the Loan Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders, who will execute and deliver such Subscription Forms prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Loan Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, in taking transfer of Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Loan Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Loan Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS,
5

Stock Exchange listing: Market making: Eligible purchasers:
Transfer restrictions:
Subject to:

without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Loan Agreement specifies that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Loan, be obtained on request to the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Loan.
An application for the bonds to be listed on Oslo Børs or ABM may or may not be made at the Issuer's discression.
No market-maker agreement has been made for this Issue.
The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.
The issue of Bonds shall be subject to finalized loan documentation and approval of loan documentation by the Trustee.

Oceanteam Power & Umbilical AS

Oslo, 8th September 2006

Pareto Securities ASA

6

