NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er knn utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001 063663.2 - FRN I.M. Skaugen SE Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2012/2016
Oslo, 8 April 2016
SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING Nordic Trustee ASA acts as trustee (the "Bond Trustee") for the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in the above bond issue (the "Bonds", the "Bond Issue" or "IMSK12") with I.M. Skaugen SE as issuer (the "Company" or the "Issuer").
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement (as amended) dated 21 February 2012 (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. BACKGROUND I.M. Skaugen (the "Company") now seeks to find a solution of a short term deferment of the maturity in June 2016 of the debt obligations. This will allow the Company to benefit from the encouraging results of the groups commercial initiatives in the Small Scale LNG (SSLNG) segment in particular, but also in the LPG/petrochemical gas segments.
In Q1 2015 the Company extended the IMSK12 bond from 27 February 2015 to 30 June 2016 with a view that the Company's SSLNG projects would realize within the new maturity and enable the Company to refinance and repay the IMSK12 bond. Shortly after the Norgas fleet trading conditions worsened dramatically reducing TCE earnings to an all-time low within the LPG/petrochemical gas segments. General trading conditions for ships has however improved by 100% since mid-2015 as expected and the lower oil prices are good for the business. Earnings are now at or above the 10-year historical average outperforming the markets.
LNG proof of concept has been slower in progress, but the Company is progressing and the projects makes commercial sense. Finance for the clients is hard to come by for these infrastructure investments and this is delay reason nr 1. The volatile energy prices are reason nr. 2. The much lower energy prices are generally good. There is a good margin for power plant clients between use of diesel and LNG still, but in USD terms vs capex it takes longer time to repay the switching cost.
The Company currently is in advanced discussions and negotiations on four specific SSLNG projects. Charter hire paid to SSLNG vessel owners under recent contracts reconfirm a

NORDIC TRUSTEE material LNG premium over LPG and petrochemicals with an approx. 70 % LNG premium. A successful "LNG proof of concept" will be supportive of the refinancing of all of the groups debt obligations in 2017. Reference is also made to trading update released by the Company on 31st March 2016.
The IMSK12 Bond Issue is maturing on 30 June 2016, and currently NOK 161.5 million (approx. USD 19.5 million) is outstanding (net of current Issuer's Bonds).
The Issuer is aiming to reduce the direct liquidity impact from the June maturity and to safeguard the execution of the SSLNG "proof of concept" projects through a proposal to the Bondholders to (i) extend the remaining outstanding principal to 17 February 2017 (ii) and waive the equity ratio covenant and rely on the relevant asset coverage until maturity of the Bonds.
The proposal is approved by the Board of Directors of I.M. Skaugen SE.
As part of the transaction, the Company has received a firm offer to roll forward a USD/NOK cross currency swap, which will mature at the same time as the extended Bonds and where Swedbank is the swap counterparty. The cross currency swap is part of the Company's portfolio of derivatives securing a constant USD nominal on the bond debt. This part of the transaction will have no liquidity effect nor any material P&L effect and the swap itself and its current underlying negative value is secured by a 2nd priority lien in two of the Company's owned vessels. In the group profit and loss statement this negative value is offset by gains on the nominal value of the bonds in USD.
The offer to roll the cross currency swap is subject to approval of the Proposal by the Bondholder's Meeting.
For further information on the Company and other updates, please refer to the Company's recent stock exchange announcements and the Company's financial reports, all available on
www.newsweb.no and the Company's web page www.skaugen.com.
2. THE PROPOSAL Based on the foregoing, the Company has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' Meeting for the Bonds in order to consider the Company's request to amend the Bond Agreement as follows (the "Proposal"):
i. extension of the maturity date of the Bonds with 8 months, from 30 June 2016 to 17 February 2017 (the "Extended Maturity Date");
ii. interest accrued on the Bonds as per 30 June 2016 shall be paid on 30 June 2016; and iii. the equity ratio covenant in clause 13.5 b) of the Bond Agreement shall be waived for
the period from the date of the Bondholders' Meeting until the Extended Maturity Date.
Other than any amendments prompted by the Proposal, the terms and conditions of the Bond Agreements will remain unchanged and continue to apply in their existing form.

NORDIC TRUSTEE
3. CONSENT FEE As compensation to the Bondholders, the Issuer offers to pay the Bondholders a one-time amendment fee of 2.0% (flat) of the face value of the respective Bondholders' holdings of the Bonds (the "Fee"). The Fee will be payable to the Bondholders (with record date at end-ofbusiness the date of the Bondholders' Meeting), within 10 Business Days after the Bondholders' Meeting, provided that the Bondholders' Meeting adopts the proposed changes as set out in Clause 2 of this summons.

4. FURTHER INFORMATION The Issuer has engaged Arctic Securities AS as its financial advisor (the "Advisor") with respect to the Proposal. Accordingly, Bondholders may contact the Advisor for further information:
Arctic Securities AS:
· Fabian Qvist, tel: +47 21 01 31 91, cell: + 47 48 40 31 91, email: fabian.qvist@arctic.com
· Jan Henrik Getz, tel: +47 21 01 32 92, cell: + 47 48 40 32 92, email: jan.getz@arctic.com
The Advisor acts solely for the Issuer and no-one else in connection herewith. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the Advisor with respect to the Issuer, and the Advisor expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to the information contained herein).
For further questions to the Bond Trustee, please contact Vivian Trosch at mail@nordictrustee.com or + 47 22 87 94 00.

5. EVALUATION AND NON-RELIANCE The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable and vote accordingly.

6. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS The Bondholders are hereby summoned to Bondholders' Meetings in the respective Bond Issues:

Time:

22 April 2016 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA,

Haakon VHs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6th floor

NORDIC TRUSTEE
Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons.
2. Approval of the agenda.
3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman.
4. Request for adoption of the Proposal:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting for the Bond Issue resolves the following:
"The Bondholders' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 2 o f the summons for the Bondholders 'Meeting. The Bond Trustee is authorized to complete the negotiation of form, terms, conditions and timing in relation to the Proposal. The Bond Trustee isfurther authorized to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders 'Meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including making appropriate amendments to the Bond Agreement and enter into an addendum agreement to the Bond Agreement and agree to minor adjustments to the Proposal not being material to the Bondholders' interest.
To approve the Proposal, Bondholders representing at least two thirds of the Voting Bonds represented (in person or by proxy) at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the Proposal. In order to have a quorum at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form Rom the Securities Depository (VPS) as Schedule A hereto, indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to mail@nordictrustee.com , +47 22 87 94 10, or Nordic Trustee ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by

NORDIC TRUSTEE telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA
Enclosed: · Schedule A - Bondholder's Form

