NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.tmstee.no

To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001031608.6 - 9.75 per cent Petromena ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2012 (the "9.75% Bond Loan")
ISIN NO 001035264.4 - FRN Petrorig III Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2014 (the "FRN Bond Loan")
Oslo, 29 April 2010
NOTICE OF PARTIAL REPAYMENT OF THE 9.75% BOND LOAN AND THE FRN BOND LOAN
Pursuant to and order from the United States Bankruptcy Court Southern District of New York dated 1 April 2010 (the "Order"), funds were released from the bankruptcy estates of Petrorig I Pte Ltd., Petrorig II Pte. Ltd. and Petrorig III Pte Ltd. (the "Repayment Amounts") for partial repayment of the secured creditors, being the bondholders in the 9.75% Bond Loan and the FRN Bond Loan. For details regarding the calculation of the Repayment Amount, please see the Order, attached as Appendix 1.
As trustee for the 9.75% Bond Loan and the FRN Bond Loan, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM ") has received the Repayment Amounts and has initiated distribution o f these funds to the respective bondholders on the terms set out below.
Out o f the approximately USD 210,1 million released for partial repayment on the 9.75% Bond Loan, approximately USD 8.5 million will be retained by NTM as security for costs incurred in relation to the enforcement process in relation to the 9.75% Bond Loan. The remaining will be repaid to bondholders on April 30 2010, partly as a payment o f interest (1.22917 % (flat) of remaining outstanding amount) and partly as a repayment o f principal (72.90674 % (flat) of remaining outstanding amount). Also, any party that has not yet received payment of amounts repaid to bondholders pursuant to a letter from NTM to bondholders dated 29 September 2009 (the "Previous Repayment Amount") , will now receive payment of such amounts. The conditions on which the Previous Repayment Amount was repaid have been lifted as set out in the Order.
Out o f the approximately USD 266,1 million released for partial repayment on the FRN Bond Loan. In addition USD 23.4 million has been held by NTM after enforcement o f the escrow account pledge. Approximately USD 8.5 million will be retained by NTM as security for costs incurred in relation to the enforcement process in relation to the FRN Bond Loan. The remaining will be repaid to bondholders on April 30 2010, partly as a payment o f interest (25.78445 % (flat) of remaining outstanding amount) and partly as a repayment of principal (68.97175 % (flat) of remaining outstanding amount).
Bondholders are advised that in a letter dated 8 April 2010 to the Loan Trustee from Larsen Oil & Gas AS ("LOG"), a company controlled by Berge Gerdt Larsen, LOG has warned the Loan Trustee that it along with its advisors and the bondholders may be held liable for certain

MAILING ADDRESS

P . O . B O X I47O VIK A , N - O I l 6 OSLO

LOCATION » HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

p ho n e o +47 22 87 94 00 fax o +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail mail@tr ustee.no

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
damages and losses and that legal action may be taken against the Loan Trustee in relation to the distribution o f the Repayment Amount. A translated copy o f the letter is attached hereto as Appendix 2. Bondholders are informed that NTM may reclaim, from each bondholder its prorate share of all amounts repaid to bondholders in the 9.75% Bond Loan or the FRN Bond Loan respectively, past, present and future, in the event that NTM are found liable for the damages or loss of any party, including LOG. The prorate share is measured as a bondholder's share of the total amount o f bonds issued, at the date o f calculation o f the bondholder's share o f the Repayment Amounts and/or the Previous Repayment Amount as paid out pursuant to this letter. This letter including appendices shall be governed by Norwegian law and any dispute in relation to this letter, its appendices or any repayment or reclaim o f repaid amounts by NTM shall be settled by private arbitration (confidential) in Oslo in accordance with the Norwegian Arbitration Act o f 2004 (the "A ct"). The number o f arbitrators shall be three and the arbitrators shall be appointed in accordance with Chapter 4 of the Act. The ruling language shall be English.
Sincerely,
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
C Liv Mona Arntzen Appendix 1: The Order Appendix 2: Translated copy o f letter from LOG.

UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
In re: PETRORIGI PTE LTD, et al.,
Debtors.

Chapter 11 Case No. 09-13083 (JMP)
(Jointly Administered)

ORDER AUTHORIZING REPAYMENT OF CERTAIN SECURED CLAIMS
Upon the motion of PetroRig I Pte Ltd ("PetroRig I") and its affiliated debtors, PetroRig

II Pte Ltd ("PetroRig II"') and PetroRig III Pte Ltd ('"PetroRig III" collectively, the "Debtors"), (i)

authorizing PetroRig I and PetroRig II (collectively, "PRI & PRII") to repay $210,161,456.27 on

account of the 9.75% Bonds1and (ii) authorizing PetroRig III to repay $243,596,267.13 on

account of the FRN Bonds (the "Motion"!: and the Court having considered the Motion; and

upon all of the pleadings filed with the Court and all of the proceedings held before the Court

related to the Motion; and after due deliberation and consideration and good and sufficient cause

appearing therefor,

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED:

1.

The Debtors shall remit to the 9.75% Trustee, for distribution in accordance with

the 9.75% Loan Documents,2the sum of $210,161,456.27, plus any interest accruing at 9.75%

per annum between March 15, 2010 and the payment date (the "9.75% Paydown Amount").

1A ll terms capitalized but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Motion.
2 Consistent with the Cash Collateral Order, because the Challenge Period has expired other than with respect to the Remaining Claims, the escrow and certification requirements that otherwise would be applicable are no longer in effect, and the 9.75% Trustee is authorized to apply the Paydown Amount in a manner consistent with the governing loan and security agreements.

2. Payment of all or a portion of the 9.75% Paydown by any particular Debtor shall be without prejudice to any inter-Debtor rights of, inter alia, allocation, subrogation, reimbursement, or contribution that may arise as a result of such payment or any subsequent substantive consolidation of the Debtors' estates.
3. Payment shall be in full and final satisfaction of all principal and non-default interest on the 9.75% Claims through the date of the 9.75% Paydown, provided, however, that with respect to any fees, reimbursable expenses, or other charges (collectively, "Fees") payable under the 9.75% Bonds and the 9.75% Loan Agreement as of the date of the 9.75% Paydown shall be paid by the Debtors in the ordinary course after submission of an invoice by the 9.75% Trustee to the Debtors (with a copy to counsel for the Committee) on no fewer than ten business days notice. If the Committee or the Debtors file an objection to the payment of all or any portion of the Fees, then the Debtors shall not pay the portion of the Fees subject to such objection without the consent of the Committee and the Debtors or further Order of the Court, and the Debtors, the Committee, or the 9.75% Trustee may schedule a hearing on expedited notice (subject to the Court's calendar), for consideration of the objection. If no objection is filed within ten business days after receipt of each invoice, then the Debtors shall promptly pay full amount of the Fees attributable to such invoice.
4. The FRN Lenders and the FRN Trustee are hereby authorized, and the automatic stay provisions of section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code are hereby vacated and modified to the extent necessary to permit the FRN Lenders and the FRN Trustee to take whatever actions are necessary to withdraw the $22.5 million balance of the FRN Escrow toward satisfaction of the FRN Claims.

5. The Debtors shall remit to the FRN Trustee, for distribution in accordance with the FRN Loan Documents, the sum of $243,596,267.13, plus any interest accming at 8.11% per annum between March 15, 2010 and the payment date.
6. Payment shall be in full and final satisfaction of all principal and non-default interest on the FRN Claims through the date of the FRN Paydown, provided, however, that with respect to any Fees payable under the FRN Bonds and the FRN Loan Agreement as of the date of the FRN Paydown shall be paid by the Debtors in the ordinary course after submission of an invoice to the Debtors (with a copy to counsel for the Committee) on no fewer than ten business days notice. If the Committee or the Debtors file an objection to the payment of all or any portion of the Fees within this period, then the Debtors shall not pay the portion of the Fees subject to such objection without the consent of the Committee and the Debtors or further Order of the Court, and the Debtors, the Committee, or the FRN Trustee may schedule a hearing on expedited notice (subject to the Court's calendar), for consideration of the objection. If no objection is filed within ten business days after receipt of each invoice, then the Debtors shall promptly pay full amount of the Fees attributable to such invoice.
7. Nothing herein or in any prior Order of this Court shall limit or restrict the ability of the 9.75% Lenders and the FRN Lenders from seeking allowance and payment on the 9.75% Remaining Claim and the FRN Remaining Claim, or of the Committee to contest or object to such claims.
8. This Order is hereby deemed effective immediately pursuant to Federal Bankruptcy Rules of Procedure §6004(h).

Dated: New York, New York April 1, 2010

s/ James M. Peck___________________ UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY JUDGE

[On the letterhead of Larsen & Gas AS]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika 0116 OSLO Attn: Johan Solbu Braaten, Chairman of the Board cc: Ragnar Sjoner, Chief Executive Officer

CONFIDENTIAL 8 April 2010

Dear Sirs,
Regarding damages suit against NTM and advisors, AMA CAPITAL PARTNERS, bondholders and others.
Reference is made to our letter of 22 June 2009.
Larsen Oil & Gas AS ("LOG") has been awaiting the deliberations of the Supreme Court of Norway as to NTM's standing to bring legal action, as well as the sale of SS PetroRig 1,2 and 3 in New York under Chapter 11.
Payment to bondholders is now in the process of being transferred to NTM for payment to bondholders] in the abovementioned rig company.
LOG demands, on behalf of creditors, bondholders under the USD 264 mill, loan who did not vote in favour of the resolution of 11 March 2009, shareholders of PetroMENA ASA and other potential parties, that NTM prepare a detailed specification of bondholders who receive payments. These must at the same time be notified that a damages suit may be brought, which suit may also include a claim for the repayment of all or parts of the amounts paid out.
NTM will, as party to the loan agreement, be held liable for any failure to do so.
LOG and others are now in a phase focused on gathering information about NTM, its advisors and bondholders, as well as their roles in [relation to] potential grounds for damages, such as:
- Breach of loan agreements Interventions that have caused damage
- Disclosure of insider information Breach of confidentiality obligation
- Criminal insider trading in bonds

[On the letterhead of Larsen & Gas AS]
LOG will seek to coordinate this with the main shareholder (51.5%) of PetroMENA, Petrolia Drilling ASA, Erik Frydenbo, Chairman of the Board of PetroMENA ASA, and Knut Ro, administrator of the estate in bankruptcy of PetroMENA ASA. Please confirm receipt of this letter and what measures NTM will take to keep track of payments to bondholders. Yours faithfully, [Signature] [By hand: "for and on behalf o f '] Berge Gerdt Larsen Chairman of the Board
cc: Erik Frydenbp Knut Ro

