NORDIC TRUSTEE

,

r

Denne meldingen til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet p å engelsk. For informasjon

vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA

To the Bondholders in:
NO 001 0709199 11 per cent. Northland Resources AB (publ.) Super Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2015

Oslo, 26 June 2014

Summons to Bondholders' Meeting

1.

INTRODUCTION

Nordic Trustee ASA, formerly known as Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as bond trustee for the holders of the 11 per cent. Northland Resources AB (publ.) Super Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2015 (the "Bonds") issued by Northland Resources AB (publ.) (the "Issuer", and together with its subsidiaries, the "Northland Group").

All capitalised terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to them in the bond agreement for the Bonds between, amongst others, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting for and on behalf of the holders of the Bonds (the "Bondholders")) dated 7 April 2014 (the "Bond Agreement").

The Bondholders are encouraged to read this summons (the "Summons") in its entirety.

2.

BACKGROUND

2.1 Introduction

The Northland Group has previously announced, and the issue of the Bonds contemplated, the need for a financial restructuring of the capital structure and certain liabilities o f the Issuer and certain members of the Northland Group including the requirement for further funding through a long term financing (the "Restructuring"). As a consequence of this, the Bonds were issued by the Issuer on the terms set out in the Bond Agreement for the purpose of providing sufficient liquidity to the Northland Group until the Restructuring could be implemented.

The Bond Trustee understands that the Northland Group continues to pursue the agreement of a Restructuring.

According to Clause 10.7 of the Bond Agreement the Bond Trustee is entitled to require from the Issuer the redemption of all the Bonds at a price ensuring that the Bondholders are receiving in total a repayment corresponding to at least 110% of the nominal value o f their Bonds if a Restructuring has not been agreed by the relevant parties and their requisite approvals have not been provided by 30 June 2014 (the "Conditional Mandatory Redemption").

In particular, Clause 10.7 of the Bond Agreement reads as follows:

-N---O---R--D---I--C----T--RmU--S---T--E---E--

"I f the Restructuring has not been agreed by the relevant parties and their requisite approvals have not been provided by 30 June 2014 the Bond Trustee shall have the right and will be authorised to require the Issuer to promptly redeem all the Bonds [ ......] at a price ensuring that the Bondholders are receiving in total a repayment corresponding to at least 110% o f the nominal value o f their Bonds [. ] provided that:

(a) in a bondholders' meeting o f the Bondholders, at which a quorum o f Bondholders holding Bonds representing at least 50% o f the principal amount outstanding o f the Bonds is present, [and]

(b) the Bondholders present and voting at such meeting holding at least two-thirds o f the outstanding principal amount o f the Bonds represented in such meeting, vote to approve and require the Conditional Mandatory Redemption. "

As a Restructuring has not yet been so agreed or approved, and will not have been approved by 30 June 2014 (since no bondholder meetings have yet been convened to approve a Restructuring within the requisite five business day period prior to 30 June 2014), the purpose of this Summons is to convene a Bondholders' meeting to establish whether the Bondholders wish to authorise the Bond Trustee to exercise the Conditional Mandatory Redemption in the manner contemplated by the Bond Agreement. However, if this is the case, given that discussions regarding a Restructuring remain fluid, and the outcome of those discussions is not yet known, it is suggested that the occurrence of the Conditional Mandatory Redemption remains subject to the written instruction of at least 50% of the holders of the principal amount o f Bonds then outstanding, or the instruction o f a further Bondholders' meeting.

2.2 Reservation of Rights

Nothing in this Summons shall be, or be deemed to be, a waiver of any breach or potential breach (present or future) of any provision of the Bond Agreement or a waiver of any obligations and/or of the rights or remedies of the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under and in connection with the Bond Agreement.

3.

PROPOSAL

It is hereby proposed that the Bondholders authorise and agree that the Bond Trustee shall be authorised and instructed to proceed with exercising the Conditional Mandatory Redemption (and to do all things and take such steps on behalf of the Bondholders as may be necessary or desirable to support or give effect to the Conditional Mandatory Redemption right) at any time upon receiving written instructions from the holders of at least 50% o f the principal amount of the Bonds, or Bondholders present and voting at a Bondholders' meeting holding at least a majority of the outstanding principal amount o f the Bonds represented in such meeting.

Where the Conditional Mandatory Redemption is to occur based on a written instruction, the instructing Bondholders shall be required to provide evidence of their holding of the Bonds, and the instruction shall be subject to such other reasonable requirements of the Bond Trustee (in consultation with its advisers). Bondholders shall be authorised and entitled to provide such a written instruction at any time in their discretion.

4.

EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL

4.1 Non-Reliance

NORDIC TRUSTEE
------------------- m -----------

The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal and financial advisers regarding the effect of the Proposal.

4.2 Summons for Bondholders' Meeting

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

3 July 2014 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises o f Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VII gt 1 (5th floor), 01061 Oslo

Agenda:

Pursuant to the Bond Agreement, the meetings will be opened and presided over by a representative from Nordic Trustee ASA.

1. Approval of the Summons.

2. Approval of the agenda.

3.

Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman.

4. Voting over the Proposal.

It is proposed the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

"The Bondholders agree that:

(1) the Bond Trustee is authorised and instructed to exercise the Conditional Mandatory Redemption as contemplated by Clause 10.7 o f the Bond Agreement upon the Bond Trustee receiving a written instruction from the holders o f at least 50% o f the Bonds, or an instruction from Bondholders present and voting at a Bondholders' meeting holding at least a majority o f the outstanding principal amount o f the Bonds represented in such meeting; and the Bond Trustee (in consultation with its advisers) shall further be authorised and instructed to do all things and take such steps on behalfo f the Bondholders as may be necessary or desirable to support or give effect to the Conditional Mandatory Redemption, including, without limitation, negotiating, documenting and entering into other legal agreements, granting amendments and waivers and giving instructions, consents, approvals and directions; and

(2) those Bondholders providing a written instruction to the Bond Trustee as contemplated at (1) above shall be authorised and entitled to provide such an instruction in their discretion.

To approve the above resolutions, Bondholders representing at least 662/3% of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of each resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting.

NORDIC TRUSTEE
4/4
Please fmd attached a bondholder's form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printed date (the "Bondholders Form "). The Bondholder's Form will serve as your proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting (if the Bonds are held in custody - i.e., the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm: (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregated nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered).
The individual Bondholder may authorize the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorizing the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned (by e-mail, telefax or post) to the Bond Trustee in advance of the Bondholders' meeting.
In the event Bonds are transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form has been submitted to the Bond Trustee but before the Bondholders' meeting has taken place, the new Bondholder (i.e. the transferee of the Bonds) must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of their ownership o f the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request that those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than the Bond Trustee, notify the Bond Trustee of such intention by telephone or by e-mail by no later than 16:00 hours (4pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the Bondholders' meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely
Nordic Trustee ASA
Jørgen Andersen

