Term Sheet

13 MARCH 2013

ISIN: NO0010673866

Island Offshore Shipholding L.P. Senior Unsecured Open Bond Issue 2013/2016 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")

Settlement Date: 5 April 2013

Issuer:

Island Offshore Shipholding L.P., (represented by its general partner Amnor L.L.C.)

Currency:

NOK

Borrowing Limit:

NOK 700,000,000

First Tranche:

Minimum NOK 500,000,000

Coupon Rate:

3 months NIBOR + 5.25% p.a., quarterly interest payments

Settlement Date:

5 April 2013. Notice is expected to be given to Subscribers minimum two banking days prior to the Settlement Date.

Final Maturity Date: 5 April 2016 (3 years after the Settlement Date)

First interest payment day:

5 July 2013 (3 months after the Settlement Date)

Last interest payment Final Maturity Date day:

Interest Payments:

Interest on the Bonds will commence to accrue on the Settlement Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the interest payment day in July, October, January and April each year. The day count fraction for the coupon is act/360, business day convention is "modified following".

Price:

100.00 (par)

Nominal Value: Status of the Bonds:
Call Option:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of NOK 1,000,000 each. Minimum subscription amount and allotment shall be NOK 1,000,000.
The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured senior obligations of the Issuer, except for obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital. The Bonds will not be secured by any mortgage, pledge or other security.
The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (in full on in part) at any time from and including the date falling two (2) years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 103.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

Page 1 of 8

13 MARCH 2013

Purpose of the Bonds:

The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be used for (i) repayment in full of the Existing Shareholders Loans, including interest accrued thereon, in an amount not exceeding NOK 85 million, and (ii) general corporate purposes.

Group:

The Issuer and all its (directly or indirectly owned) Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.

Existing Shareholder The shareholders loans provided by Borgstein Skipsinvest AS and Island Investment,

Loans:

LLC to the Issuer in the aggregate amount of approx. NOK 85 million.

Special Issues:

During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with standard covenants in the Norwegian high yield bond market, including the following general covenants:

a) Mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of any Group Company with any other company or entity not being a Group Company if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

b) De-mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

c) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in the Bond Agreement.

d) Disposal of business: The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions, and such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

e) Financial Assistance: The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company grants any loan, guarantee or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of security) to or on behalf of any third party not being a member of the Group, other than in the ordinary course of business.

f) Ownership of Material Subsidiaries: The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any Material Subsidiary to any person not being a member of the Group, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and further provided that such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect.

g) Dividend restrictions: Except for the repayment of the Existing Shareholder Loans, the Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders, whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation, repurchase of shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity.

h) Subsidiaries' distributions: The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) service any financial indebtedness to the Issuer, (iii) make any loans to the Issuer, if the creation of such contractual obligation is reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the

Page 2 of 8

13 MARCH 2013
Bond Agreement, except to the extent required to comply with customary cash waterfall provisions, financial covenants or other similar restrictions in financing agreements or in any shareholders' or joint venture agreements governing any Subsidiary which is not directly or indirectly wholly owned by the Issuer.
i) Subordination of Shareholder Loans: The Issuer shall ensure that any Shareholder Loan shall in all respect be fully subordinated to the Bonds, and that, except for the repayment of the Existing Shareholder Loans, no repayment of principal and payment of cash interest shall be made (for the avoidance of doubt, any accrued interests shall be accumulated and added to the principal of such Shareholder Loan).
j) Event of Default: The Bond Agreement shall include standard event of default provisions related to the Issuer and any Group Companies (where relevant), with applicable remedy provisions and exceptions, including cross default provisions for the Issuer and any Group Company on aggregate financial indebtedness of NOK 25 million or more.
k) Reporting: The Issuer shall of its own accord make management and financial reports (quarterly, written in English) available to the Trustee (or via the distribution system at the Oslo Stock Exchange as long as the Issuer's bonds are listed) and on its web pages for public distribution not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.
l) Arm's length transactions: The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any Subsidiary to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party not being a Group Company (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such Group Member's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or such Group Company, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
Financial Covenants: During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee (as defined below) or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with inter alia the following financial covenants:
a) Value Adjusted Equity Ratio The Issuer shall ensure that the Value Adjusted Equity Ratio of the Group on a consolidated basis shall not fall below 30%.
b) Liquidity The Issuer shall ensure that it maintains Cash and Cash Equivalents in an amount of no less than NOK 50 million on an unconsolidated basis.
c) Debt Service Coverage Ratio The Issuer shall maintain a ratio of EBITDA to Debt Service of minimum 1.10 for each Relevant Period on an unconsolidated basis.
d) Gearing Ratio The issuer shall ensure that the Group on a consolidated basis maintains a maximum Gearing Ratio of:
i. for the Relevant Periods ending 30 June 2013, 30 September 2013, 31 December 2013, 31 March 2014, 30 June 2014 and 30 September 2014: 7.0;
ii. for the Relevant Period ending 31 December 2014, 31 March 2015, 30 June 2015 and 30 September 2015: 6.5; and
iii. for the Relevant Period ending 31 December 2015 (and each Relevant Period thereafter): 6.0.
Page 3 of 8

Definitions:

13 MARCH 2013
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above Financial Covenants at all times, such compliance to be measured for each Relevant Period and certified by the Issuer with each annual financial statement and quarterly financial statement.
If the Issuer fails (or would otherwise fail) to comply with any of the Financial Covenants for any Relevant Period, and within 25 Business Days of delivery of the compliance certificate for that Relevant Period, the Issuer receives net cash proceeds from any person (other than a Group Member) in consideration of the issue of new partnership shares (a "Cure Amount"), then such Financial Covenant shall be recalculated giving effect to the following pro forma adjustments as relevant by:
(a) for the purpose of measuring the Book Equity, the Book Equity shall be increased by the Cure Amount;
(b) for the purpose of measuring the Gearing Ratio, the Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be reduced by the Cure Amount;
(c) for the purpose of measuring the Liquidity, the Cash and Cash Equivalent shall be increased by the Cure Amount to the extent the Issuer has free and unrestricted access to the Cure Amount and the Cure Amount is not subject to any encumbrance; and
(d) for the purpose of measuring the Debt Service Coverage Ratio, Debt Service shall be recalculated for the Relevant Period and the following three Relevant Periods, as if the Cure Amount had been applied in prepayment of the Bonds at the beginning of the Relevant Period (such period the "First Relevant Period") and interest accruing on the Bonds during the First Relevant Period had been decreased by an amount equal to the interest which would have accrued on the amount deemed to have been prepaid over the First Relevant Period, (such reduction to have effect also for the three next Relevant Periods, as if the Cure Amount was applied in prepayment of the Bonds at the beginning of the First Relevant Period).
For the avoidance of doubt, any part of a Cure Amount shall only be taken into account once when determining compliance with any particular Financial Covenant and cannot be double counted.
If, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculations, the Issuer is in compliance with all the Financial Covenants, the Issuer shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of the Financial Covenants as of the relevant original date of determination as though there had been no failure to comply with such requirement, and the breach of the applicable Financial Covenants which had occurred shall be deemed to have been cured.
"Book Equity" means the Issuer's consolidated book equity, calculated in accordance with the GAAP.
"Cash and Cash Equivalent" means the amounts (expressed in NOK or NOK equivalent) on such date of the then current market value of:
(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an acceptable bank; and
(b) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an acceptable bank,
in each case to which the Issuer (or, when calculating on a consolidated basis any other Group Company, as the case may be) is beneficially entitled at that time and to which the Issuer (or any such Group Company) has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any encumbrance. Any amount standing to the credit of any earnings accounts of the Issuer (or any other Group Company, as the case may be) shall be regarded as Cash and Cash Equivalents as long as no event of default has occurred under any of the Issuer's or any other Group Companies' credit facilities (including the
Page 4 of 8

13 MARCH 2013
Bond Issue). An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is:
(a) a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a minimum "A" credit rating from S&P or Moody's or a comparable rating from a nationally recognised credit ranking agency for its long-term debt obligations; or
(b) a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking business in Norway.
"Debt Service" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the aggregate of accrued interest and instalments payable on all Interest Bearing Debt.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, on a consolidated basis for the Group or on an unconsolidated basis for the Issuer, as the case may be.
"Excess Value" means the positive or negative difference between the Market Value of the Vessels and the book value of the Vessels.
"Gearing Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA.
"Interest Bearing Debt" means all interest bearing debt of the Issuer on an unconsolidated basis or the Group on a consolidated basis, as the case may be, always in accordance with GAAP.
"Market Value of the Vessels" means the consolidated fair market value of the Vessels set as the average value of the Vessels (for vessels under construction, estimated market value of a delivered vessel adjusted for remaining capex) from two reputable and independent appraisers appointed by the Issuer. Such appraisers to be the same appraisers as for any bank loan facilities, to the extent possible. Such valuations shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length terms as between a willing buyer and a willing seller, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charter or other contract of employment. Market Value of the Vessels shall be determined twice a year, on account of the Issuer.
"Material Subsidiary" means: (i) any Subsidiary whose total assets represent at least 10% of the total consolidated assets of the Group; or (ii) any Subsidiary whose total operating income represent at least 10% of the total consolidated operating income of the Group; or (iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantial all of the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary, or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had a transfer occurred on or before the relevant date;
always provided that the Issuer shall, if required, appoint Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries to procure that the operating income, gross assets or net assets of the Material Subsidiaries shall represent at least 80% of the operating income, gross assets or net assets of the Group.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means Interest Bearing Debt (excluding any Shareholder Loan) less Cash and Cash Equivalents, each of the Issuer on an unconsolidated basis or the Group on a consolidated basis, as the case may be.
"Quarter Date" means each 30 June, 30 September, 31 December and 31 March
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve months ending on a Quarter Date.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a decisive
Page 5 of 8

13 MARCH 2013

influence, where decisive means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person: (i) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or (ii) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors in that other person.

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's subsidiaries shall be included.

"Shareholder Loan" means any loans granted to the Issuer by any of its shareholders.

"Value Adjusted Equity" means the Book Equity adjusted to take into account any Excess Value.

"Value Adjusted Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Value Adjusted Equity to Value Adjusted Total Assets

"Value Adjusted Total Assets" means the book value, on a consolidated basis, of the Group's total assets in accordance with GAAP adjusted to take into account any Excess Value.

"Vessels" means all and any vessel owned by a Group Company including any vessels under construction.

Material Adverse Effect:

An event or circumstance which has a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial conditions or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group as a whole, (b) the Issuer`s ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement and any security documents (if applicable).

Change of Control:

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment (Put Option) of the Bonds at a price of 100% of par value plus accrued interest of par value during a period of 30 calendar days following the notice of a Change of Control Event.

Change of Control Event:

Change of Control Event means if any group or person other than Borgstein Skipsinvest AS or Island Investment LLC gains control, directly or indirectly, over more than 50% of the partnership shares and/or voting capital of the Issuer.

Approvals:

The issue of the Bonds has been approved by the Issuer.

Issuer's ownership of The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's

bonds:

discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Joint Lead Managers:

Arctic Securities ASA, P.O. Box 1833 Vika, NO-0123 Oslo, Norway; Carnegie AS, P.O. Box 684 Sentrum, NO-0106 Oslo, Norway; and DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, NO-0191 Oslo, Norway.

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, NO-0116 Oslo, Norway

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.

Issuer's Business reg. MC 140468 no:

Paying Agent:

DNB Bank ASA

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the

Page 6 of 8

13 MARCH 2013

Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market, and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

Bond Agreement:

The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative. The Bond Agreement regulates the bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.

Each subscriber in the Bonds, such subscription documented by an application form, a taped telephone conversation, e-mail or otherwise, is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur.

Each subscriber in the Bonds either through the application form (if applied) or documented as otherwise specified in the foregoing, specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective Bondholders. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.

The Bond Agreement shall include such provisions concerning bondholders' meetings and resolutions in a form and manner customary for the Norwegian high-yield bond market as of the date of the Bond Agreement, and provisions for written resolutions as an alternative to bondholder meetings.

Listing:

An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on Oslo ABM (the Oslo Stock Exchange's Alternative Bond Market).

Market making:

No market-maker agreement has been made for this Issue.

Eligible purchasers:

The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). In addition to the application form that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

Subject to:

Finalized Bond documentation and approval of Bond documentation by the Trustee.

Page 7 of 8

13 March 2013

13 MARCH 2013

As Issuer As Joint Lead Managers

Page 8 of 8

