[SIN: NO 001059802.2
Amendment Agreement NO 4 to
the Bond Agreement between NBT AS ("Issuer') and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 14 per cent NBT AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013
K a.

Phi's Amendment Agreement NO 2 (the "Agreement") is dated on 14 September 2012 and made between:
(1) NBT AS (a company incorporated in Norway with Company NO 987 646 977) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsinann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

WHEREAS:
(A) Reference is made to the bond agreement for "14 per cent NBTAS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013" (IS1N 001059802.2), originally dated 29 December 20:0 and as amended (the "Bond Agreement").
(B) The Issuer lias informed the Bondholders that the maturity price shall increase lrom 100 % of par value to 103 % of par value. As a consequence, the Call price will be amended accordingly.
(C) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee have agreed to amend the Bond Agreement so that a subordinated convertible bond issue shall be taken into account when calculating the Equity Ratio.
(D) The Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Issuer has now agreed to amend the Bond Agreement on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement.
IT IS AGREED as follows:
1. D E F IN IT IO N S AND IN T E R F P R E T A T IO N

1.1 D efinitions
In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
"Effective D ate" means the date when the Bond Trustee has confirmed by letter to the Issuer (Appendix L) that the condi .ions set out in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) o f this Agreement are fulfilled or, where applicable, waived, and represents the date when the amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence.

1.2 Incorporation o f defined term s In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

a term defined in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) of the Bond Agreement has the same meaning

when used in this Agreement; and

2

(b) the principles of construction set out in Clause I 2 (Construction) of the Bond Agreement shall have the effect as if set out :n this Agreement.

2. REPRESENTATIONS
The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 under Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a)

on the date of this Agreement; and

(b) on the Effective Date.

3. AMENDMENT
3.1 Amendment The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) A new definition of "Subordinated Convertible Bond Issue" shall be inserted in Clause l.l (Definitions) and shall read as follows:
" "Subordinated Convertible Bond Issue' means the "NBT A S Unsecured Convertible Bond Issue 2012/2015" with ISIN N O 001 065987.3, which according to a Turn-over and Subordination Agreement dated 12 September 2012 isfu lly subordinate the Bond Issue. "

(ii) The definition o f` Book Equity" in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) shall read as follows:
" ``Book Equity " means the aggregate amount which would in accordance with IFRS be shown in the Issuer's financial statements as the shareholders 'equity o f the Group on a consolidated basis adjustedfor:
(1) any positive or negative effects (as the case may be) o f any difference in accounting principles o f outstanding warrants where the warrants should be accountedfor as equity according to NGAAP instead o ffair value accounting (asset or liability) as the applied IFRS accounting principle; and adjustedfurther:

(2) so that the net accounting effects o f the Subordinated Convertible Bond Issue inclusive o f accrued interest should be treated as equity instead o f liabilities, always provided that such adjustment shall be carried out as i f the entire Subordinated Convertible Bond Issue had been converted on the date o f calculation (any bonds owned or held by a Group Company shall not be included in such adjustments).

3

(iii) Clause !0.1 (Maturity) shall be read as follows:
"The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer infu ll together with accrued unpaid Interest at the Final Maturity Date. Repayments will be at 103 % o fpar value plus accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed amount. "

(5v) Clause 10.2.1 (Call Opti.in) shall be read as follows:
"The Issuer may redeem all or parts o f the Bond Issue at any time up to but not including the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 103 % o fpar value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount."

3.2 Continuing obligations
The provisions of the Bond Agreement shall, save as amended and restated by this Agreement and/or as temporarily waived by the Bondholders by resolution in the Bondholders' meeting dated 12 July 2012 (as the case may be), continue in full force and effect. References to the Bond Agreement in any other document shall from the Effective Date be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.

4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

(a)

The obligation of the Bond Trustee to accept that the Bond Agreement is amended in

accordance with the terms of this Agreement is conditional upon the Bond Trustee having

received in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by all parlies hereto:

(ii) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute this Agreement;

(iii) the Turn-over and Subordination Agreement dated 12 September 2012 duly executed by all parties thereto; and

(iv) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of this Agreement, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Issuer.

(b)

When the conditions set out above are met in a manner satisfactory to the Bond Trustee,

tine Bond Trustee shall inform the Issuer in writing of the Effective Date.

4

5. MISCELLANEOUS
5.1 Incorporation of terms The provisions Clause 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Agreement" are also references to this Agreement.
5.2 Additional Finance Document This Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Bond Agreement.
Each party to this Agreement acknowledge and agree that, with effect from the Effective Date, each reference in any Finance Document to the Bond Agreement shall be construed as a reference also to this Agreement. References to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.
6. GOVERNING LAW This Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.

NBT AS

N orsk Till tsm ann ASA

This Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copi es (originals), o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

5

APPENDIX 1 To: NBT AS Dale:
ISIN NO 001059802.2 - AM ENDM ENT A G REEM EN T NO 2 EFFECTIVE DATE NOTICE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA confirms that the conditions set out in Clause 4 {Conditions Precedent) o f this Agreement are fulfilled or, where applicable, waived, and represents the date when the amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence on [date], and that this is the Effective Date. Best regards, NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA [Name]
6 &'

