ISIN NO 001037493.7
FIRST AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT dated 30 June 2010
relating to a
LOAN AGREEMENT dated 28 June 2007
between
OCEANLINK LTD. (Borrower) and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders
in the bond issue FRN OCEANLINK LTD. OPEN CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2007/2012

THIS AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is dated 30 June 2010 and entered into between
Oceanlink Ltd., established under Bermuda law (Norwegian Company No 989 675 389) as borrower (the "Borrower")
and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan T r u s te e ")

WHEREAS:

A)

The Borrower has suffered financial difficulties and has presented a Restructuring Plan to its

financial creditors setting out a plan for rescheduling of its debt in order to secure the

continued operations of the Group.

B)

The Restructuring Plan was approved in a Bondholders' meeting held on 7 June 2010 (the

"Meeting") at which NOK 100 million ofNOK HO million of the voting Bonds were

present.

B)

The Meeting also authorised the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders to enter into the

necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the

Bondholders at the Meeting and to cany out all necessary completion work, including

making amendments to the Loan Agreement.

C)

The Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Borrower have now agreed to

amend and restate the Loan Agreement on the terms and conditions set out in this

Agreement.

IT IS AGREED as follows:
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions In this Agreement:

Effective Date: means the date when the Loan Trustee has confirmed by letter to the Borrower that the conditions set out in Clause 3 of this Agreement are fulfilled .

First Olsen Ltd:

means First Olsen Ltd. of Bermuda, c/o First Olsen AS, Strandgaten 5, N0106 Oslo, Norway.

First Olsen Loan: Guarantees:
Nordea:

Means a loan of USD 13,500,000 granted to the Borrower by First Olsen Ltd.
Means one or more guarantees to be given by First Olsen Ltd in favour of Reefer Ship Owning Companies as set out in the Restructuring Plan.
Means Nordea Bank Norge ASA.

Nordea Loan Agreement

means a SWAP agreement dated 3 July 2007, 29 August 2007 and 15 May 2008 between the Borrower and Nordea and the loan facility under which outstanding amount is USD 2,125,000 dated 14 October 2008 between Oceanlink Maritime Pte Ltd a Singapore company 100, owned by the Borrower, and Nordea.

Reefer Ship Owning Companies:

Oceanlink Reefer DIS, Oceanlink Reefer II DIS and Oceanlink Reefer III DIS.

Shareholder USD 3,500,000 granted as a loan to the Borrower by First Olsen Ltd. prior

Loan:

to the Effective Date of this Amended and Restated Loan Agreement.

Ship Owning means the Reefer Ship Owning Companies and Oceanlink Offshore DIS, Companies: Oceanlink Offshore II DIS and Oceanlink Offshore III DIS.

1.2 Incorporation of defined terms
In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, a term defined in Clause 1(Definitions) of the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement lias the same meaning when used in this Agreement.

2.

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT

Witli effect from the Effective Date, the Loan Agreement shall be amended and restated in the form set out in Schedule 1( The Amended and Restated Loan Agreement).

3.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

The obligations of the Loan Trustee to accept that the Loan Agreement is amended in accordance with the terms of this Agreement are conditional upon the Loan Trustee having received in form and substance satisfactory to it:

a) Updated company certificate (or the equivalent) in respect of the Borrower and First Olsen Ltd.

b) Evidence that the board of directors of the Borrower, First Olsen Ltd and the Ship Owning Companies have approved the Restructuring Plan and are legally bound by the terms and conditions set out therein.

c) Confirmation from the chief executive officer of the Borrower that the Nordea Loan Agreement has been amended and restated in accordance with the terms of the Restructuring Plan.

d) Evidence that the Borrower has been irrevocably and unconditionally released from its obligation to repay all outstanding indebtedness (principal and interest included) under the First Olsen Loan.

e) Evidence that all of the provisions in the Restructuring Plan has been consummated, including, but not limited to:

(i)

First Olsen Ltd.'s obligation to (a) pay in USD 3,500,000 in new share capital of the

Borrower, (b) grant the Shareholder Loan and (c) provide the Guarantees;

(ii)

confirmation from Nordea's lawyer Wikborg and Rein that Nordea has accepted the

amendments of the loan facilities with the Ship Owning Companies in accordance

with the Restructuring Plan; and

(iii) The amendments with respect to the contractual obligations between the Ship Owning Companies and the Borrower, the compensations to be made and the credits to be cancelled as further described therein.

f) Receipt by the Bondholders o f NOK 15,000,000 in part payment of the Original Loan (distributed to the Bondholders on a pro rata basis).

Subject that the conditions set out above are met or will be met, in a manner satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, the Loan Trustee shall inform the Borrower in writing of the Effective Date.

4. EFFECTIVE DATE Upon the Effective Date,

a) The Original Loan shall be written down to NOK 75,000,000, which amount will constitute the new Loan;

b) The Maturity Date of the new Loan shall be 1 July 2014;

c)

The Bondholders right to demand payment of all interest incurred, but not paid, on the

Original Loan is irrevocably waived; and

d) The Amended and Restated Loan Agreement in the form attached hereto as Schedule I comes into force.

5. MISCELLANEOUS
5.1 Incorporation of terms The provisions of Clause 21 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement shall apply to this Agreement.
5.2 Finance Document This Agreement shall constitute a Finance Document for the purposes of the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement.

V

1308151-5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their authorised officers oil the day and year first above written.

for and on behalf of OCEAN [.INK LTD

for and on behalf of NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA as Loan Trustee

Title

5

AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT

Schedule 1

I SIN NO 001037493.7
LOAN AGREEMENT DATED 28 JUNE 2007 as amended and restated on JuneSO 2010 between Oceanlink Ltd. (Borrower) and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
FRN Oceanlink Ltd. Open Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012

Norsk Tillitsmstnn ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

6

3 Listing

7

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

7

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

7

6 Conditions Precedent

8

7 Representations and Warranties

9

8 Status of the Loan

10

9 Interest

11

10 Maturity o f the Loan and Call Option

11

11 Interest in the event o f late payment

12

12 Bonower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

13

13 Covenants

13

14 Fees and expenses

14

15 Events o f Default

15

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

16

17 Procedural rules

17

18 Repeated Bondholders'meeting

20

19 Change o f Loan Trustee

20

20 Limitation

20

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

22

22 Eligible purchaser and transfer restrictions

21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This amended and restated loan agreement (the "Amended and Restated Loan Agreement") is originally dated 28 June 2007 as further amended and restated by an amendment and restatement agreement dated 30 June 2010 (the "Amendment and Restatement Agreement") between
Oceanlink Ltd., established under Bermuda law (Norwegian Company No 989 675 389) as bomower (the "Borrower")
and
Norsk Tillitsinann ASA (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the original loan Agreement dated 28 June 2007(thc "Loan Agreement") (i.e.):
* The Bondholders are bound by the terms o f the Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
* Pursuant to the resolutions passed at a Bondholders' meeting held on 7 June 2010 the Loan Trustee has been granted authority to enter into an amendment and restatement agreement for the amendment and restatement of the Loan Agreement on behalf o f the Bondholders to the extent provided for therein.
The Loan Agreement, the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and the Amendment and Restatement Agreement are available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the said agreements are available to the general public throughout the entire term o f the Loan.

1

Definitions

Whenever used in this Amended and Restated Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Additional Shareholder Loans:

means any future loans made to the Borrower directly or indirectly its shareholder(s) or their affiliates or any company controlled by then or controlling them.

Additional Share Capital: means any future share capital increases in the Borrower.

3

Banking Day:
Bondholders: Bonds: Borrower's Bonds:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.
the holders o f the Bonds.
bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.
Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Calculation Period: Disbursement Date: Dividend Hurdle Rate: Effective Date: Event o f Default: Equity: Exchange: Finance Documents:
FX-rate: Group: Maturity Date:

From and including the date on which Equity is put into the Borrower to the Maturity Date.
3 July 2007.
10 % of the Equity on 31 December in the year preceding the relevant dividend payment or other contribution pursuant to Clause 10.3 herein.
has the meaning ascribed to this term in the Amendment and Restatement Agreement.
means each event defined as an event o f default in Clause 15.1.
Share Capital and Shareholder Loan.
securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.
means (i) the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, (ii) this Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1 and (iii) any otherdocument (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Borrower in relation to any amount payable under this Amended and Restated Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition.
The official USD/NOK exchange rate provided by Norgcs Bank on any particular day.
means the Borrower and its subsidiaries (if any).
1 July 2014. If the Maturity Date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day.
4

NIBOR:
N1BOR Reference Banks:
Outstanding Loan: Owner:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Maturity Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.
the interest rate rounded off to two decimal places for a 3 three - months period that is quoted on Reuters NIBR page at 12.00 noon in Oslo on a Payment Date.
Should the contents o f the Reuters NIBR page be changed such that, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee and the Borrower, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters system, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion o f the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters NIBR did on the disbursement of the loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use o f a new page must be treated as described in sub-clause 9.3 of the Loan Agreement.
interest rate determined on the basis o f the interest on deposits in the inter-bank market in Oslo, quoted by the four largest authorised exchange banks in the Norwegian market at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on a Payment Date, for a 3 - three - months period, starting on the Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Payment date for loans in Norwegian krone to leading European banks for a 3 - three - months period starting on the Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.
First Olsen Ltd. of Bermuda, c/o First Olsen AS, Strandgaten 5, N-0106 Oslo, Norway.

5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Payment Date: Reduction Payment: Remaining Loan: Restructuring Plan: Revised Terms:
Securities Depository: Share Capital
Shareholder Loan

in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment o f interest or principal.
means the reduction payments to be made pursuant to Clause 10.2 herein.
the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount o f the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.
means (i) the memo identified as "Information to the Bondholders dated 28 May 2010 with attachments I and II thereto, (ii) the Amended Restructuring Plan, as amended by the Revised Terms ans enclosed hereto as Schedule 1.
means, (i) in relation to Oceanlink Reefer DIS, a new bareboat cp based on a bareboat hire of USD 1,250 per day for each vessel for an initial period of 9 months and thereafter USD 1,000 per day per vessel; (ii) in relation to Oceanlink Reefer II DIS, a new bareboat cp based on a bareboat hire o f USD 5,000 per day for an initial period of 9 months and thereafter USD 4,000 per day, and,(iii) in relation to each of the before mentioned bareboat cp's, a cancellation option in favour of the respective vessel owner after 9 months, such option to be exercised in writing at latest 6 months after the commencement o f the respective bareboat cp.
the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").
USD 3,500,000 fully paid in by the Owner as new share capital (including any share premium) in the Borrower prior to the Effective Date, plus any Additional Share Capital (including any share premium) paid in minus any repaid share capital, following a capital write down, within the Calculation Period.
USD 3,500,000 granted as a loan to the Borrower by the Owner prior to the Effective Date of this Amended and Restated Loan Agreement.

2

The Loan

2.1 On 28 June 2007 the Borrower issued a series o f bonds in the amount of NOK 150,000,000 (Norwegian Kroner- one hundred and fifty million) herein referred to as the "O riginal Loan").

6

Norsk Tillitsmaim ASA

Pursuant to the terms of the Amendment and Restatement Agreement the Borrower has made a pro rata repayment to the Bondholders o f 10 % o f the Original Loan and the Bondholders have written off 40 % o f the Original Loan.
Accordingly, the outstanding principal amount under the Bond Issue as of the Effective Date of this Amended and Restated Loan Agreement is NOK 75,000,000 (Norwegian Kroner seventy five million) herein referred to as "the Loan".
The Bonds will be in denominations o f NOK 1 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as `TRN Oceanlink Ltd. Open Callable Bond Issue 2007/2014" .
The registration number (ISIN) o f the Loan will be NO 001037493.7.
The term o f the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.
2.2 [Not used]

3

Listing

3.1 The Loan will not be listed on an Exchange.

4

Registration in a Securities Depository

4.1 The Loan is registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act (the Norwegian act o f 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository) and the conditions from the Securities Depository.

5

The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights visa-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfillment o f his obligations under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement,
- exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee under the Loan Agreement,
- ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Bondholder's representative, - verify the timely and correct payment o f interest and principal, and

Norsk Tillitsniann ASA
- provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfill its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence o f the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content o f the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement o f the Original Loan was subject to the receipt by the Loan Trustee of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly executed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents,
(c) a power o f attorney from the Borrower to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents,
(d) certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles of Association of the Borrower, and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(e) the latest available annual and interim report (if applicable) of the Borrower and the Group,
(f) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager o f the T.oan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(g) confirmation that the Original Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(h) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,

Norsk Tillitsmami ASA
(i) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly executed,
(j) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan, and
(k) a Corporate Legal Opinion regarding the issue o f the Loan.
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above the net proceeds of the Original Loan was made available to the Borrower at Disbursement Date.
6.3 This Amended and Restated Loan Agreement is subject to the Borrowers fulfillment of the conditions set out in Clause 3 oflhe Amendment and Restatement Agreement.
6.4 [Not used]
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 By signing of this Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, the Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) the Borrower is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) the Borrower has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery o f the Finance Documents;
(c) the Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment o f tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower.
(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower of the Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower;
(e) all documents and information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Finance Documents;

Norsk T illitsm ann ASA

(f) to the Borrowers best knowledge, after due and careful consideration, any relevant factual information contained in the Restructuring Plan was true and correct as at the time it was given; any financial projection or forecast therein has been prepared on the basis o f recent historical information and on the basis of reasonable assumptions; no event or circumstance has occurred or arisen and no information has been given or omitted that results in the information, opinions, forecasts or projections contained in the Restructuring Plan being untrue or misleading in any material respect and nothing has come to light since the date of the Restructuring Plan which renders the information therein inaccurate or misleading in any material respect or renders any of the assumptions o f forecasts unfair or unreasonable;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals o f governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals o f governmental authorities required for the Borrower to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect,
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best o f the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition o f the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) the Borrower is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) the Borrower's payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatory preferred by law applying to companies generally;
(l) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower on the signing date o f the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the BorroAvcr herein both prior to disbursement o f the Loan, and during its life.

8

Status of the Loan and security

8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan is unsecured.

Norsk Tiililsmnmi ASA

9

Interest

9.1 The Loan shall not carry any interest, except as set out in Clause 11 below.

10 Reduction Payment and M aturity of the Loan
10.1 The Loan shall be repaid with Reduction Payments according to Clause 10.2 and the Remaining Loan will mature in whole on the Maturity Date at price calculated according to Clause 10.5
10.2 The Borrower's right to pay dividend is not restricted according to this Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. However, any accumulated dividend payment within one calendar year exceeding the Dividend Hurdle Rate triggers a Reduction Payment on the Loan equal to the nominal amount of dividend exceeding the Dividend Hurdle Rate, in that particular year. The FX-rate, on the day for the decision to make the relevant dividend payment shall be used in order to calculate the NOK equivalent. Any such Reduction Payment shall be made no later than .10 Banking Days following the decision to make the dividend payment which triggers the Reduction Payment.

10.3 The following payments by the Borrower shall be regarded as payment o f dividend and trigger the obligation to make a Reduction Payment pursuant to Clause 10.2: (a) repayment (in part or in full) o f any Share Capital; (b) repayment (in part or in full) o f the Shareholder Loan; and (c) any other contributions paid to its shareholder(s). A corresponding Reduction Payment shall in such event be made no later than 10 Banking Days following the decision to make the any of the repayments listed in the sub-clauses (a), (b) or (c).
10.4 Reduction Payments shall be paid pro rata to each Bondholder.
10.5 The price, o f which the Remaining Loan shall mature on Maturity Date, is a function of the internal rate o f return on the Equity in the Calculation Period.
During the second quarter o f 2014 an enterprise valuation o f the Group, ending up in a NAV of the Borrower, shall be car ried out. The enterprise valuation, shall be finally set and approved by a committee (the "Committee") comprising three members, o f which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives o f the two parties. If the patties cannot agree on a chairman within 30 April 2014, the Chairman will be nominated by the Lord Chief Justice o f the Oslo District Court. The NAV set by the committee is final.
Maturity Price ("M P ") ~ RA / Remaining Loan
RA ~ Repayment Amount = ( (NAV NAVH + CC) / 2 ) x FX-rate

Norsk Tillitsiiianu ASA
The FX-rate applicable in this formula is set 15 Banking Days prior to the Maturity Date. NAV = Net Asset Value of the Borrower. In relation to setting the NAV the Loan shall be regarded to be zero. NAVI I = Net Asset Value Hurdle, is the theoretical NAV, which has to be put into the IRR Calculation in order to result in an IRR equal to 10 %. CC = Cash Compensation, equal to USD 410,625. IRR Calculation is a standard calculation of internal rate o f return on the Equity in the calculation period. 10.5 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Clause 10.5, it is expressly agreed that, in consideration of the Bondholders having agreed to write off 40% o f the Original Loan, in the event of the opening of insolvency proceedings, the appointment of a bankruptcy administrator, liquidator, receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of the Borrower, the Loan Trustee shall be entitled to file for the recovery o f the Remaining Loan in any such proceedings.
1 1 Interest in the event o f late payment 11.1 In the event that payment o f principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the
amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to NIBOR plus 8.80 percentage points pro annum. 11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15. 11.3 Interest in the event of late payment o f principal is calculated on the basis o f the actual number o f elapsed calendar days divided by 360.
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
12 Borrow er's acquisition of B orrow er's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption o f the Remaining Loan.
13 Covenants
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) o f its own accord, make annual and semi-annual reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end o f the financial year and not later than 90 days after the end of the relevant semi-annual report period,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance o f Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies o f any creditors' notifications of the Borrower,
(e) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any decisions or proposals to enter into any mergers, demergers,
(f) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any changes in the authorized, issued, outstanding, paid or unpaid share capital of the Borrower, including, but not limited to, any decision to make any repayment pursuant to Clause 10.3 hereof,
(g) The Company shall (and it shall ensure that each member o f the Group will) permit the Committee free access at reasonable times and on reasonable notice at the risk and reasonable cost of the Borrower to:
(1) the premises, assets, books, accounts and records o f each member o f the Group and to inspect the same; and
(2) meet and discuss matters with senior management o f the Group,
for the purposes of enabling it to carry out the enterprise valuation pursuant to Clause 10.5 provided that such access is reasonably required (in the opinion o f the Committee) to cany out the evaluation,
(g) ensure that all agreements (including but not limited to any management agreements) between the Borrower and the Owners or any o f their affiliates are entered into on arm's length terms at competitive prices and, upon request, provide the Loan Trustee with copies thereof,

Norsk Xillilsmann ASA
(h) immediately inform the Loan Trustee o f any sale, transfer or assignment of shares in the Borrower together with particulars o f new shareholder(s),
(i) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any Additional Share Capital being issued or any Additional Shareholder Loan being made to the Borrower together with a specification of the financing puipose and the details of the terms thereof, and
(j) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request.
13.2 During the term o f the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not cease to carry on its business,
(b) not;
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, (ii) change the nature o f its business, or (iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business,
in a manner which might jeopardise the Borrower's fulfillment of its obligations under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement,
(c) not permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course o f such member o f the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time,
(d) not issue any Additional Share Capital in the Borrower for purposes other than to provide for necessary financing required in relation to the natural course o f the business of the Group,
(e) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, take up any Additional Shareholder Loans for purposes other than to provide for necessary financing required in relation to the natural course of the business o f the Group, and
(f) ensure that no member of the Group shall make any interest payments on the Shareholder Loan and on any Additional Shareholder Loan in excess o f a maximum o f 12.50 per cent per annum (any default interest included).
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14
n

Norsk 'Tillftsm aim ASA
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan) and registration and administration o f the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees In connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales o f Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events o f Default
15.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (Events of Default):
(a) The Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any Reduction Payment or principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Document; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 five - Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) The opening of insolvency proceedings, the appointment of a bankruptcy administrator, liquidator, receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect o f the Borrower.
(c) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 (a) occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests o f the Bondholders, declare the outstanding amounts including any default interest, costs and expenses (the "Outstanding Amount") to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf o f the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Outstanding Amount.

Norsk Tillitsnuinn ASA
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 (a) occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Amount to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Amount in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf o f the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Outstanding Amount. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment o f the Outstanding Amount due to the Bondholders under the Loan including, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
15.5 In the event that the one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 (b) or (c) occurs and is continuing, the provisions set out in Clauses 15.2 and 15.3 shall apply mutatis mutandis, except that the Loan Trustee shall be entitled (or directed, as the case may be) to take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan.
15.6 The individual Bondholder cannot o f his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change o f Borrower,
(c) changes to tire Amended and Restated Loan Agreement regarding payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16

Norsk Tilli Isniatiii ASA
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (d) and (e), provided that:
(a) the changes are not, in the judgement o f the Loan Trustee, o f significant importance for the fulfilment of the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfillment of the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement.
The I.oan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment o f the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 Tlie Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable maimer.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
A request o f a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Amended and Restated Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions o f Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banicing Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date o f the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this /Amended and Restated Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform o f the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative o f the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
18

Norsk Tillitsniann ASA
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result o f the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and o f each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case o f doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 o f the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clausel8.
Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority o f 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change o f borrower,
(c) changes in the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement's conditions, including , maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are o f significant importance for the fulfilment of the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the ease o f a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy o f the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' m eeting
18.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to eases in which less than 5/10 o f the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 C hange o f Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests o f the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost o f the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up o f conditions o f the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation
20.1 Claims for default interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims o f May 18, 1979 nr. 18.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall he resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue o f the Loan Trustee.
22. Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
2 2 .1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may nol be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning o f Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Borrower a certification in a form to be provided by the Borrower stating, among other things, that the investor is a Q1B. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
22.2 Bondholders located in the United Stales will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account o f another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Brs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under Lhe Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period o f four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.

O ceanlink Ltd.

Oslo, 30 June 2010

N orsk Til! its m aim ASA Loan Trustee

The Amended and Restated Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.
21

THE RESTRUCTURING PLAN

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Schedule 1

