ISIN NO O01 031389.3
LOAN AGREEMENT between
PA Resources Norway AS (Borrower) and
PA Resources AB (Guarantor) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA on behalf of Bondholders in bond issue
FRN PA Resources Norway AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2006/2011 with Call Option

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 TheLoan

6

3 Listing

6

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

6

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

7

6. Conditions Precedent

8

7 Representations and Warranties

8

8 Status of the Loan and negative pledge

11

9 Interest

10

10 Maturity of the Loan and Call Option

11

11 Interest in the event of late payment

11

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

12

13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan

12

14 Fees and expenses

13

15 Events of Default

13

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

15

17 Procedural rules

16

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

19

19 Change of Bondholder's representative

19

20 Limitation

19

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

20

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 16 June 2006 between PA Resources Norway AS (Company No 987 469 78 1) as Borrower and PA Resources AB (Swedish Company No 556488-2180) as Guarantor and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as Loan Trustee.
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
* The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that
information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
* The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to
act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained fiom the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions
Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:
Book Equity: Book Equity Ratio: Bondholders: Bonds: Borrower's Bonds:
Capital Employed: Disbursement Date:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.
means the booked equity of the Group on consolidated basis in accordance with IFRS.
the ratio of Book Equity to Capital Employed.
the holders of the Bonds.
bonds in the Loan.
Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.
means the Book Equity plus Interest Bearing Debt.
20 June 2006.

3

Escrow Account: Exchange: Group: Guarantee: Guarantor: Interest Bearing Debt:
Interest Determination Date: Interest Payment Date:
NIBOR:
NIBOR -

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
an account (or accounts) pledged and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders)
securities exchange or other reputable exchange for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.
the Guarantor and its subsidiaries.
guarantee issued by the Guarantor according to Clause 8.2 (b).
PA Resources AB (Swedish Company No 556488-2180).
means the gross interest bearing debt of the Group on consolidated basis in accordance with IFRS as well as any financial instruments and other indebtednesses that have the commercial effect of a borrowing (e.g. guarantees and financial leasing commitments).
16 June 2006 and thereafter two Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.
20 March, 20 June, 20 September and 20 December each year. If the Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Interest Payment Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.
the interest rate rounded off to two decimal places for a 3 three - months period that is quoted on Reuters NIBR page
at 12.00 p.m. in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date.
Should the contents of the Reuters NIBR page be changed such that, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed fiom the Reuters system, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters NIBR did on the disbursement of the loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in sub-clause 9.3 of the Loan Agreement.

4

bn/

r,

Reference Banks:
Oselvar Interest: Oselvar Pledge: Outstanding Loan: Payment Date: Petroleum Registry: Pledged Assets: Pledges: Remaining Loan: Reuters:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
interest rate determined on the basis of the interest on deposits in the inter-bank market in Oslo, quoted by the four largest authorised exchange banks in the Norwegian market at approximately 12.00 p.m. in Oslo on the Interest
Determination in Oslo, for a 3 - three - months period,
starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 12.00 p.m. in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date for loans in Norwegian
krone to leading European banks for a 3 - fhree - months
period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
the Borrowers 30% interest in production license 274.
the first priority pledge in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in the Oselvar Interest, to be registered in the Petroleum Registry.
Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.
in relation to the Loan, the dates specified for payment of interest or principal. If Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day.
the register maintained by the Norwegian Petroleum Directorate over all production licenses on the Norwegian Continental Shelf, and pledges over such licenses and interests in such licenses, in accordance with Chapter 6 of the Petroleum Act 1996.
the Oselvar Interest and the Volve Interest.
the Oselvar Pledge and the Volve Pledge.
the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed or repurchased by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.
financial information electronically distributed by the
news agency, Reuters Norge NS.

5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirregisteret ("VPS").

Securities Depository Act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Volve Interest:

the Borrowers 10% interest in the production license 046.

Volve Pledge:

the first priority pledge in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in the Volve Interest, to be registered in the Petroleum Registry.

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of bonds at a maximum amount of NOK 330,000,000 (Norwegian krone threehundredandthirtymillion),herein referred to
as the "Loan" .
The bonds will be in denominations of NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "FRN PA Resources Norway AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2006/201lwith Call Option".
The term of the Loan is from and including Disbursement Date to 20 June 201 1.
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be: NO O01 031389.3.
2.2 The net proceeds of the Loan will be employed for refinancing of existing bond loans "FRN PA Resources Norway AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2005/2007 with Call Option", ISIN NO O01 02911.3 andNO O01 029212.1.

3 Listing
3.1 The Loan will initially not be listed on Oslo Børs or any other exchange. An application for listing may be made during the term of the loan at the discretion of the Borrower. If the Loan is listed on Oslo Børs, the Loan may be transferred to Oslo Børs Alternative Bond Marked ("ABM,) at the Borrowers discretion.

4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders'interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower and the Guarantor, inter alia,
- coordinate disbursement of the proceeds from the Loan - arrange for the proper establishment of and maintain the security interests for the Loan
on behalf, and for the benefit only, of the Bondholders,
- monitor the Borrower's and the Guarantor's fulfillment of their obligations under the
Loan Agreement,
- exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement,
- ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholders' meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement,
- forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as `Bondholder's representative,
- verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfill its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's or and Guarantor's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
6. Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least three Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
the Loan Agreement duly signed,
certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Borrower and the Guarantor to issue the Bonds and sign the Loan Agreement,
certified copies of the Articles of Association of the Borrower and the Guarantor and documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Borrower and the Guarantor,
certified copies of any authorizations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the
Loan Agreement, (i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been
controlled by the Exchange or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian Law) and copies of or other evidence that all regulatory approvals required, if any, are in place,
confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
written confirmation from the Borrower and the Guarantor in accordance with Clause 7.1,
the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1,duly signed,
the Guarantee duly signed,
if an Escrow Account is to be established as provided for in Clause 6.4; satisfactory documentation for the establishment of the Escrow Account with a pledge for the Loan Trustee on behalf of the bondholders,
satisfactory documentation for establishment of the Pledges in form and substance acceptable for the Loan Trustee, and
any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan.
6.2 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to the above.
6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the net proceeds of Loan will be made available to the Borrower at Disbursement Date.
6.4 If the condition set out in Clause 6.1 (i)above are not fulfilled at Disbursement Date, the net proceed of the Loan will be transferred to the Escrow Account. However, if the Oselvar Pledge has been validly established at Disbursement Date, so that it is only the
8
o

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
establishment of the Volve Pledge which is outstanding, an amount of NOK 184,500,000 shall be secured at the Escrow Account, and the remainder shall be released to the Borrower. The Loan Trustee will release the remaining amount from the
Escrow Account when the remaining conditions set out in Clause 6.1 0 )are fulfilled.
The Loan Trustee may, if it reasonably deems it necessary, require statements from the Borrower's legal advisor as a condition for such release.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower and the Guarantor shall in writing represent and warrant that as of the date of disbursement of the Loan:
all documents and information, including the term sheet and loan description in connection with this Loan presents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and the Group and there has been no change in the Borrower or the Group which could have a material adverse change on the Borrower's or the Guarantor's ability to perform its duties under the Loan Agreement,
all authorizations, consents, licenses or approvals of g o v e m e n t a l authorities required for the Borrower and the Guarantor in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid and
no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower and the Guarantor or its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower and the Guarantor shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of not complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower and the Guarantor herein as of disbursement of the Loan.
8 Status of the Loan and Security
8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other existing senior debt of the Borrower, save for obligations which are mandatory preferred by law, and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 To secure repayment of the Loan (together with any interest accrued thereon and any other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower shall establish the following security in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of'the Bondholders):
(a) (i) The Oselvar Pledge, and, (ii) the Volve Pledge.
9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b)

The Guarantor shall issue an unconditional Guarantee (i.e. a guarantee whereby
the obligation becomes due upon the default of the principal debtor -

"selvskyldnerkausjon") related to the Borrower's obligations according to the

Loan Agreement.

9 Interest and interest calculations
9.1 Interest accrues from and including Disbursement Date based on NIBOR plus 4.25 percentage points. NIBOR is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus 4.25 percentage points.
The interest rate is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in September 2006.
9.2 The interest on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest is set on the Interest Determination Date based on NIBOR plus 4.25 percentage points. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus 4.25 percentage points.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least Moth of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Chief Justice of the Oslo District Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement date to the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each interest fixing date to the next or the maturity date. The number of days is divided by 360.

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

10 Maturity of the Loan and Call Option

10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on 20 June 201 1 at par (100%).
10.2 The Borrower may redeem the Remaining Loan or any portion of the Remaining Loan plus accrued interest ("Call Option") as follows (redemption date and redemption price of par value):

Date Interest Payment Date in June 2008 at Interest Payment Date in June 2009 at Interest Payment Date in June 2010 at

Price 105 % 104 % 102 %

Should the Borrower exercise the Call Option, the Bondholders must be informed of
this in writing via VPS no later than 30 - thirty - Banking Days before the date of
redemption. Oslo Børs shall immediately be informed.

Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated pro rata between the Bonds).

Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this Clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.

11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Interest Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf.
Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11
c

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or discharged against the Remaining Loan.
13 Undertakings during the term of the Loan
13.1 During the term of the Loan
the Borrower and the Guarantor shall immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
the Borrower and the Guarantor shall of their own accord, make annual and interim reports available on their websites (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim report,
the Borrower shall at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
the Borrower and the Guarantor shall forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower and the Guarantor, including but not limited to; mergers, de mergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
the Borrower shall at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
the Borrower and the Guarantor shall within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's (and the Guarantor's) financial condition and the security for the Loan as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
the Guarantor shall simultaneously with litra (b) above, send to the Loan Trustee a statement from the Guarantor's Chief Financial Officer or from such other person in the executive management of the Guarantor (who can legally bind the
u). Guarantor) stating compliance with the commitments in sub-clauses 13.1 (h) to
13.1
the Guarantor shall ensure that the Group maintains on a consolidated basis a Book Equity of minimum SEK 1,000,000,000(Swedish Krone one billion),
the Guarantor shall ensure that the Group maintains a Book Equity Ratio of at least 0.40, and

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
0') the Guarantor shall not within a calendar year, make dividend payment, repurchase
shares or make other distribution that constitutes more than 50 % of the net profit after taxes of the Group on a consolidated basis for the previous financial year.
13.2 The Borrower (and the Guarantor in respect of sub clause (a) and (b)) shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting subject to Clause 16:
(a) cease to carry on its business,
(b) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature of its business in a manner which might jeopardize the Borrower's or the Guarantor's fulfilment of their obligations under the Loan Agreement, or
(c) sell the Pledged Assets or make any dispositions which may jeopardize the Pledged Assets or the value of the Pledges.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan will be deemed to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Loan Agreement; provided, however, that such
failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days
after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
the Borrower or the Guarantor shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under the Loan Agreement and such failure is not
remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the
Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
any other loan or indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, the Borrower or the Guarantor
exceeding a total of NOK 1O million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies
- is or could be declared due prior to its agreed maturity caused by an event of default by the Borrower,
(d) the Borrower or the Guarantor shall enter into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place, or a substantial part of the Borrowers assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint or
(e) the Borrower or the Guarantor has presented the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders with incorrect or incomplete information, which has, or can have significant consequences for the Borrower's or the Guarantor obligations, and ability to comply with such, in accordance with the Loan Agreement.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if
(a) The Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.
14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on.overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses. The principal of the Loan shall be repaid at the relevant redemption price provided for in Clause 10.2.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his Bond(s) directly from the Borrower or the Guarantor.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of Borrower or the Guarantor,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets,
(0 declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 d), provided that:
(a) the changes in the Borrower's corporate structure are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.

Norsk TillitsmannASA
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days fiom the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be
notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/1O of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed,
(d) the Guarantor, or
(e) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.

16

CPJ

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.

If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request,
then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the
Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.

17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.

The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository
to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the
Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.

The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.

If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.

17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.

The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally
or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the
decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.

17

J

d

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Guarantor, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed -
the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause18.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the Bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/10 or more of the Outstanding Loan, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower or guarantor,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral,
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(e) disposal of assets which are of material importance for the fulfilment of the Borrower's obligation under the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
18
G

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.

18

Repeated Bondholders' meeting

In the event that less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan is represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed.
After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a
valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.

19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan
trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can
submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders'
meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.

19

J

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.

Oslo, 16 June 2006

PA Resources Norway AS Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

PA Resources AB Guarantor
d The Loan Agreement has been executed 3 copies (originals), of which the Borrower, the
Guarantor and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

20
c

AVTALE OM HONORAR FOR TILLITSMANNSTJENESTER

Lintager : Tillitsmann: ISIN (Lhet): klirr honorar: k l i i forfallsdato: Dato for avtalen:

PA Resources Norway AS Norsk Tillitsmann ASA NO 001 031389.3 NOK 100 000 20. juni 16.juni 2006

1. Lspende honorar. Lintager skal betale Tillitsmannen et irlig honorar som fastsatt ovenfor. Honoraret dekker ordinaer oppferlging av Linet etter Lineavtalen. Ekstraordinart arbeid ved etableringen av Linet vi1 bli fakturert sarskilt. Honoraret lerper inntil alle forpliktelser etter lheavtalen er oppfylt, herunder renter, omkostninger og eventuelle andre forpliktelser. Honoraret forfaller ferrste gang ved liinets utbetaling, og deretter hlig forskuddsvisp i Forfallsdato. Honoraret reguleres klig i henhold til stigningen i konsumprisindeksen (KPI). Beregningen tar utgangspunkt i differansen mellom i) KPI-niviet den 15. kalenderdagen to kalendermheder forut for lhets utbetalingsdato og ii) siste tilgjengelige KPI-nivi forut for hver Forfallsdato.

I iipne obligasjonslh betaler Lintager et eget honorar ved eventuell utarbeidelse av tilleggsavtale for transjer i Linet i henhold til den til enhver tid gieldende sats.

Dersom Linet innfris i sin helhet ferr ordinaert forfallstidspunkt, kan Tillitsmannen kreve Lhtager kompensasjon for inntektsbortfallet, sett i sammenhengmed det arbeid som er utfQrtved lhets etableringog i linets lerpetid.

2. Obligasjonseiermste. Lintager dekker samtligekostnader knyttet til avholdelse av obligasjonseiennarter, uavhengig av hvem som har begjart obligasjonseiermnrtetavholdt, med unntak av n h obligasjonseiennarte blir begjaert for skifte av tillitsmann p.g.a. at Tillitsmannen har forssmt sine plikter etter Lheavtalen. Tillitsmannen vi1beregne et standard honorar, p.t. p i NOK 10000,-, for det arbeid avholdelse av obligasjonseiermnrtepiferrer Tillitsmannen. I honoraret er inkludert utarbeidelse av de formelle dokwnenter som er mdvendig for obligasjonseiennartet, s i som innkalling, dagsorden og protokoll, samt deltagelsep i obligasjonseiennartet.I tillegg vi1 det bli fakturert saerskiltpr time for utarbeidelse av saksnotat eller annet utredningsarbeid (utferrt intemt eller ekstemt) knyttet til de saker sombehandles p i mstet. Direktekostnader til eventuell leie av lokaler, reisekostnader, port0 og VPS-kostnader, m.v., dekkes av Lintager etter regning.

3. Ovrige kostnader. I tillegg til bpende honorar Gfr pkt. 1) og kostnader knyttet til obligasjonseiermnrteGfr pkt. 2), skal Lintager dekke de ekstraordinaerekostnader Tillitsmannen mitte ha i forbindelse med linet, herunder utgifter til eventuelt mdvendig utredningsarbeid (utEsrt intemt eller ekstemt) knyttet til behov for endring av lineforholdet eller ved mislighold av Lheavtalen. Tillitsmannen skal gi Lintager forhhdsmelding dersom det er aktuelt i utfsre arbeid som omhandlet i pkt. 3 og saken ikke er initiert av Lhtager.

I tillegg til ovennevnte honorarer og kostnader pilsper merverdiavgift i henhold til merverdiavgiftslovens bestemmelser.

Denne avtale lsper frem til Lhtager har oppfylt alle sine forpliktelser etter Lheavtalen og opphrer deretter uten ytterligere oppsigelse fra noen av partene. Ved eventuelt bytte av tillitsmann er Lintager forpliktet til i akseptere at avtalen blir transportert til den nye tillitsmannen. Ved eventuell motstrid mellom Lineavtalen og denne avtale skal denne avtales bestemmelser g i foran, s i langt de ikke griper inn i obligasjonseiemesrettigheter etter Lineavtalen.

Avtalen er utstedt i to eksemplarer, ett til hver av partene.

Lintager

Tillitsm

