N O R SK TIL L ITSM A N N ASA
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001 035624.9 9,25% Delphin Kreuzfahrten GmbH 2007/2012
Oslo, 4 September 2008
Delphin Kreuzfahrten GmbH - summons to Bondholders' Meeting
Background
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is appointed as loan trustee for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Loan") where Delphin Kreuzfahrten GmbH is the issuer (the "Company").
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the loan agreement dated 27 February 2007 (the "Loan Agreement"), unless otherwise stated.
The Loan is a fixed rate callable first lien bond issue with a coupon of 9.25 % p.a. Remaining Loan amount is NOK 120 million. The Loan is secured by i.a. the cruise ship MV Delphin (the "Vessel"). As informed to the Bondholders, the Company faces liquidity problems, and matured instalments and interest payments are not paid.
Reference is made to the notice from the Bondholders' meeting on 19 June 2008 whereas i.a it was decided that the Company should make efforts to sell the Vessel, and a new coupon, Maturity Date and Maturity Price were decided. Further, notices was sent from the Loan Trustee 13 August and 15 August 2008, where it was informed that payment has not occurred on the New maturity Date, and that a new grace period was given until 25 August 2008 (due to payment of NOK 2,000,000 to the Escrow Account).
The Company still faces liquidity problems. Loan Trustee and Fearnleys Fonds ASA have been in discussions with the Company and there seems not to be any immediate solution of these problems. The Loan Trustee therefore proposes the following.
1. The Company shall start voluntarily sale of the Vessel as soon as possible. The Vessel can be sold by the Company on terms solely acceptable to the Loan Trustee.
2. Start of sale process of the Vessel may be postponed to 12 September 2008 if the Company presents other solutions acceptable to the Loan Trustee (hereunder finalization of negotiation with an Indian investor).
3. The Company shall endeavour to keep the Vessel under operation. 4. If no voluntarily solution for sale of the Vessel is obtained within a period acceptable to the Loan
Trustee (taken into account item 2), the Loan Trustee, save for item 5, is given the power of attorney to start enforcement of the security by way of implement sale of the Vessel on behalf of the Company, on terms solely acceptable to the Loan Trustee. 5. If no other solution then mentioned above is obtained within a period acceptable to the Loan Trustee (taken into account item 2), the Loan Trustee is given the authority to start enforcement of the security by way of implement forced sale of the Vessel by a broker acceptable to the Loan Trustee.

MAILING ADDRESS * P.O.BOX I4 7O VIKA, N -O I16 OSLO

LOCATION · HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

p h o n e · +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 or g. nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail · mail@trustee.no

N O RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

6. The Loan shall mature at 105 % of par. Interest of the Loan is 14,25% from and included 1 August 2008 until payment is made.
7. The Loan Trustee is entitled to deduct any cost in connection with the default situation (restructuring of the Loan), hereunder costs in connection with the sale of the Vessel (either voluntarily or by forced sale), from the proceeds to the Bondholders.
8. The Loan Trustee is given the power of attorney to implement the decision made at the Bondholders' meeting and enter into all necessary agreements in this respect.

The Loan Trustee points out that sale of the Vessel (either voluntarily or by forced sale) not necessarily will cover all the Bondholders claims against the Company. The Loan Trustee is also of the opinion that voluntary sale of the Vessel under operation will be preferred.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:
Agenda:

11 September 2008 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 0116 Oslo - 7thfloor

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Approval of new restructuring plan:

A. The Company shall start voluntarily sale o f the Vessel as soon as possible. The Vessel can be sold by the Company on terms solely acceptable to the Loan Trustee.
B. Start o f sale process o f the Vessel may be postponed to 12 September 2008 if the Company presents other solutions acceptable to the Loan Trustee (hereunder finalization o f negotiation with an Indian investor).
C. The Company shall endeavour to keep the Vessel under operation. D. I f no voluntarily solution for sale o f the Vessel is obtained within a period
acceptable to the Loan Trustee (taken into account item B above), the Loan Trustee, save for item E, is given the power o f attorney to start enforcement of the security by way of implement sale o f the Vessel on behalfo f the Company, on terms solely acceptable to the Loan Trustee. E. If no other solution then mentioned above is obtained within a period acceptable to the Loan Trustee (taken into account item B), the Loan Trustee is given the authority to start enforcement o f the security by way o f implement forced sale of the Vessel by a broker acceptable to the Loan Trustee. F. The Loan Trustee is entitled to deduct any cost in connection with the default situation (restructuring o f the Loan), hereunder costs in connection with the sale o f the Vessel (either voluntarily or byforced sale) from the proceeds to the Bondholders. G. The Loan shall mature at 105 % ofpar. Interest of the Loan is 14,25%from and included 1 August 2008 until payment is made. H. The Loan Trustee is given the power of attorney to implement the decision made at the Bondholders 'meeting and enter into all necessary agreements in this respect.

NORSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged. Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.) The individual bondholder may authorise the NT to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising NT to vote, must then be returned to NT in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to NT, to notify NT by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
-3 -

