AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT No. 12 between
Sea Production Ltd (Borrower) Puffin Ltd
Wisdom Shipping (S) Pte. Ltd (Guarantors) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Sea Production Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue
2007/2012
303079870

TABLE OF CONTENTS 1. Definitions............................................................................................................................... 1 2. The Loan and the Bonds...................................................................................................... 14 3. Listing................................................................................................................................... 14 4. Registration in a Securities Depository................................................................................14 5. The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee...................................................... 15 6. Conditions Precedent........................................................................................................... 15 7. Representations and Warranties........................................................................................... 15 8. Status of the Loan and security............................................................................................ 17 9. Interest................................................................................................................................... 19 10. Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Mandatory Redemption....................................... 21 11. Interest in the event of late payment................................................................................... 23 12. Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds..................................................................... 23 13. Covenants..............................................................................................................................24 14. Fees and expenses................................................................................................................ 27 15. Events of Default................................................................................................................. 29 16. Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee...........................................31 17. Procedural rules................................................................................................................... 32 18. Repeated Bondholders' meeting..........................................................................................35 19. Change of Loan Trustee....................................................................................................... 35 20. Limitation ..............................................................................................................................35 21. Dispute resolution and legal venue......................................................................................36 22. Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions....................................................................... 36
303079870

This amended and restated agreement (this "Loan Agreement"), dated the Effective Date (as defined below), was originally entered into on 9 February 2007 and amended on 23 July 2010, 23 August 2010, 9 March 2012 and 19 December 2016 and amended and restated on 21 March 2012, 2 July 2012, 18 March 2014, 11 August 2015, 15 October 2015, 14 March 2016, 21 June 2016 and 15 September 2016 and is hereby further amended and restated by the Waiver and Amendment Agreement (as supplemented by the Amendment Agreement No. 12) with effect from the Effective Date, between Sea Production Ltd. Reg no 39562, a company incorporated under the laws of Bermuda with registered address at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda as borrower (the "Borrower") and Nordic Trustee ASA, formerly known as Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Norway with Company No 963 342 624 as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").

Through their subscription in the Loan (as defined below) the Bondholders (as defined below) have acceded to this Loan Agreement (i.e.):

*

The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that

information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.

*

The Loan Trustee has through the subscription by the Bondholders of the Bonds been

granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the

Loan Agreement.

The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained in copy form from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available in copy form to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1. Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Aibel:

Aibel Pty. Ltd

Amendment Agreement No. 4:

amendment agreement no. 4 in respect of the Loan, entered into between the Borrower, Puffin, Melrose Shipping Company Limited, Langford Shipping Company Limited, Wisdom and the Loan Trustee on 21 March 2012.

Amendment Agreement No. 5:

amendment agreement no. 5 in respect of the Loan, entered into between the Borrower, Puffin, Melrose Shipping Company Limited, Langford Shipping Company Limited, Wisdom and the Loan Trustee on 2 July 2012.

Amendment Agreement No. 6:

amendment agreement no. 6 in respect of the Loan, entered into between the Borrower, Puffin, Wisdom and the Loan Trustee on 18 March 2014.

Amendment Agreement

amendment agreement no. 7 in respect of the Loan, entered into between the Borrower, Puffin, Wisdom and

303079870

No. 7:

the Loan Trustee on 11 August 2015.

Amendment Agreement No.8:

amendment agreement no. 8 in respect of the Loan, entered into between the Borrower, Puffin, Wisdom and the Loan Trustee on 15 October 2015.

Amendment Agreement No. 9:

amendment agreement no. 9 in respect of the Loan, entered into between the Borrower, Puffin, Wisdom and the Loan Trustee on 14 March 2016.

Amendment Agreement No. 10:

amendment agreement no. 10 in respect of the Loan, entered into between the Borrower, Puffin, Wisdom and the Loan Trustee on 21 June 2016.

Amendment Agreement No. 11:

amendment agreement no. 11 in respect of the Loan, entered into between the Borrower, Puffin, Wisdom and the Loan Trustee on 15 September 2016.

Amendment Agreement No. 12:

amendment agreement no. 12 in respect of the Loan, entered into between the Borrower, Puffin, Wisdom and the Loan Trustee on 23 March 2017.

Assignment of Conversion Contracts:

a first priority assignment of Conversion Contracts (including any guarantees relating thereto) in the amount of USD 130,000,000 (plus accrued interest and expenses).

Assignment of Earnings:

a first priority assignment of earnings entered into on 18 May 2012 payable to the member of the Group owning the relevant Vessel in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in respect of all contracts for hire or employment of the Vessel from time to time, which shall be released in connection with the Sale, and which definition does not include the assignment of earnings covered by the FASL Bareboat Charter Assignment of Earnings.

Assignment of Insurances: the Front Puffin Assignment of Insurances and the Crystal Ocean Assignment of Insurances.

Assignment of Purchase Agreements:

a first priority assignment of Purchase Agreements in the amount of USD 130,000,000 (plus accrued interest and expenses).

Available Cash:

in respect of each relevant Interest Payment Date, any amount by which (after deduction of any cash interest, principal and other amounts that shall be paid under the Loan Agreement on such Interest Payment Date, other than under Clause 9.1) the aggregate amount of Cash, that is freely and immediately available and credited to

303079870

Banking Day: Bondholders: Bonds: Borrower's Bonds: Call Option: Cash:
Cash Equivalents:
303079870

accounts in the name of (or held in accounts on behalf of) each member of the Group on the date that is five Banking Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date, exceeds USD 2,500,000, as calculated and reasonably determined by the Borrower acting in good faith.
any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo, London and New York.
the holders of the Bonds from time to time.
bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.
Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.
the Borrower's redemption right as set out in Clause 10.2.
at any time for any member of the Group, the aggregate of (a) cash at bank, in hand or on deposit denominated in US dollars or any currency freely convertible into US dollars to which such Group member and its subsidiaries are alone beneficially entitled at that time plus (b) Cash Equivalents, save that any cash (i) held with BOC Singapore to (but only if it is required to) secure the bank guarantee required in respect of the Settlement Retention, and (ii) held in the Other Retentions Account, shall be excluded from such calculation for the Interest Payment Date of 14 May 2012 (and this Interest Payment Date alone).
means:
(a) securities denominated in US dollars or any currency freely convertible into US dollars, excluding any Borrower's Bonds;
(b) commercial paper denominated in US dollars or any currency freely convertible into US dollars;
(c) certificates of deposit, time deposits, Eurocurrency time deposits, overnight bank deposits, or bankers' acceptances denominated in US dollars or any currency freely convertible into US dollars;

(d) repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c); and

(e) investments in money market or mutual funds which invest substantially all their assets in securities of the type described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above.

Change of Control Event:

means when any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1 3) other than investment funds managed, directly or indirectly, by Ashmore Investment Management Limited becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding shares and/or voting capital of the Borrower.

Conversion Contracts:

The signed contracts related to the conversion of FPSO Front Puffin entered into by Frontline FPSO Ltd. with:

(i) Keppel Shipyard in Singapore for conversion of FPSO Front Puffin,

(ii) HS Compression & Process Pte Ltd for construction and delivery of the process facility,

(iii) APL AS for construction and delivery of the turret mooring system, and

(iv) Framo Engineering AS for construction and delivery of the Fluid Transfer System.

Crystal

Ocean

Assignment of Insurances:

a first priority assignment of the insurances related to FPSO Crystal Ocean in the amount of USD 130,000,000 (plus accrued interest and expenses), which shall be released in connection with the Sale.

Deed of Covenants:

a first priority deed of covenants dated 22 May 2012 supplemental to the Vessel Mortgage over the FPSO Crystal Ocean, which shall be released in connection with the Sale.

Disbursement Date:

14 February 2007.

Effective Date:

23 March 2017.

Event of Default:

means each event defined as an event of default in Clause 15.1.

303079870

Excess Cash:

in respect of each relevant Interest Payment Date, any amount of USD 200,000 or more by which (after deduction of all cash interest, principal and other amounts that shall be paid under the Loan Agreement on such Interest Payment Date, other than under Clause 10.5) the aggregate amount of Cash, excluding the FPSO Front Puffin Upgrade Amount, that is freely and immediately available and credited to accounts in the name of (or held in accounts on behalf of) each member of the Group on the date that is five Banking Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date exceeds USD 2,500,000, as calculated and reasonably determined by the Borrower acting in good faith.

Exchange:

securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having requirements as to listing and trading satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.

FASL:

means Folawiyo Aje Services Ltd., a company incorporated in Nigeria.

FASL Bareboat Charter:

means the bareboat charter dated 7 October 2014 under which Puffin chartered out the FPSO Front Puffin to FASL for deployment at the Aje Field, offshore Nigeria (as amended from time to time).

FASL Bareboat Charter means a first priority assignment of earnings payable to Assignment of Earnings: Puffin under the FASL Bareboat Charter in favour of the
Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

FASL Bareboat Charter means a first priority assignment of the bank

Assignment

of guarantee(s) provided to Puffin in relation to the FASL

Guarantee(s):

Bareboat Charter in favour of the Bond Trustee (on

behalf of the Bondholders).

FASL Bareboat Mobilisation Fee:

Charter

means an amount of USD 18,600,000 provided by FASL to Puffin under the FASL Bareboat Charter, in order to enable Puffin to carry out certain upgrades and mobilisation of the FPSO Front Puffin.

Finance Documents:

means: (i) this Loan Agreement; (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1; (iii) the Amendment Agreement No. 4; (iv) the Amendment Agreement No. 5; (v) the Amendment Agreement No. 6; (vi) the Amendment Agreement No. 7; (vii) Amendment Agreement No. 8; (viii) Amendment Agreement No. 9; (ix) Amendment Agreement No. 10; (x) Amendment Agreement No. 11; (xi) the Waiver and Amendment Agreement; (xii) Amendment Agreement No. 12; (xiii)

303079870

Financial Indebtedness:

any document executed in relation to the granting of any Loan Security; and (xiv) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Borrower or the Guarantors in relation to any amount payable under this Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition.
means, with respect to any person on any date of determination (without duplication), any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit, bill acceptance or bill endorsement facility or dematerialised equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS, be treated as a finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non recourse basis);
(f) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution;
(g) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares to the extent that the redemption date falls or is capable of falling on or prior to the Maturity Date;
(h) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price;

303079870

(i) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; and

(j) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (i) above.

FPSO Crystal Ocean:

the FPSO vessel Crystal Ocean, IMO 9186156, MMSI 319829000 and Callsign ZCIM8.

FPSO Front Puffin:

the FPSO vessel Front Puffin, IMO 8809921, MMSI 25614800 and Callsign 9HMD8.

FPSO Front Puffin Deployment Event:

the date falling six months from the date on which a definitive time charter or other written contract relating to the hire, use or deployment of FPSO Front Puffin is entered into by the Borrower or any member of the Group, other than the entering into of the FASL Bareboat Charter and the hire, use and deployment of FPSO Front Puffin thereunder.

FPSO Front Upgrade Amount:

Puffin

means (i) the FASL Bareboat Charter Mobilisation Fee and (ii) any other funds which are raised by the Issuer or Puffin in connection with the upgrade or mobilsiation of FPSO Front Puffin and, in each case, which are applied towards the upgrade or mobilisation of FPSO Front Puffin.

Former Maturity Date

14 June 2016.

Front Puffin Assignment a first priority assignment of the insurances related to

of Insurances:

FPSO Front Puffin in the amount of USD 130,000,000

(plus accrued interest and expenses).

Gard:

Assuranceforeningen Gard-gjensidig.

Group:

the Borrower and its subsidiaries (if any), provided that neither Melrose Shipping Company Limited nor Langford Shipping Company Limited shall constitute a subsidiary so long as:

(a) that entity does not trade (for itself or as agent for any person) and the aggregate book value of its total assets (excluding intragroup balances owing by the Borrower to the extent those amounts are offset by an equal or greater intragroup balance owing to the Company) is less than USD 50,000;

303079870

or

(b) the Borrower is actively pursuing the winding-up, liquidation or striking off of that entity in good faith.

Guarantee:

an unconditional guarantee (selvskyldnergaranti) from each of the Guarantors securing all the payment obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement.

Guarantors:

The following companies, all being 100% owned (directly or indirectly) by the Borrower:

(i) Puffin (owner of FPSO Front Puffin); and

(ii) Wisdom.

IFRS:

International Financial Reporting Standards.

Inter-company Liabilities Security:

a first priority assignment of, or charge over, any monetary claims (whether in the nature of loans or balances) which any member of the Group has from time to time against any other member of the Group (and in respect of which such member of the Group is lender or creditor) in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) entered into on 18 May 2012.

Interest Determination Date:

12 February 2007 and thereafter the Banking Day occurring two Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.

Interest Payment Date:

14 February, 14 May, 14 August and 14 November each year. If the Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Interest Payment Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.

LIBOR:

the interest rate rounded off to five decimal places for a 3 - three - months period that is quoted on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 page at or about 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date. Should the contents of the Reuters Screen LIBOR01 page be changed such that, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters Screen, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters Screen's page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it,

303079870

LIBOR Reference Banks:
Loan: Loan Security:
Mandatory Redemption: Margin:

in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters Screen LIBOR01 page did on the disbursement of the loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in sub-clause 9.3 of the Loan Agreement.
the interest rate determined on the basis of the interest rates offered on deposits in USD in the inter-bank market in London, quoted by four large authorised exchange banks in the London market at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date in London, for a 3 - three - months period, starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest rates. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date for deposits in USD to leading European banks for a 3 three - months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
has the meaning given to it in Clause 2.1.
(i) the Assignment of Conversion Contracts, (ii) the Assignment of Insurances, (iii) the Assignment of the Purchase Agreements, (iv) the Guarantee, (v) the Share Pledges, (vi) the Vessel Mortgage, and (vii) the additional security and guarantees to be
created pursuant to the terms of Clause 8.4, Clause 8.11 and Clause 8.12.
redemption of the Loan as described in Clause 10.
means:
(i) from (and including) the Disbursement Date to (but not including) the Settlement Payment Date, 4.25 percentage points per annum;
(ii) from (and including) the Settlement Payment Date to (and including) the Interest Payment Date

303079870

Maturity Date: New Guarantees:
303079870

falling on 14 February 2014, 10.00 percentage points per annum;
(iii) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 February 2014 to (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 May 2014, 12.5 percentage points per annum;
(iv) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 May 2014 to (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 August 2014, 13.5 percentage points per annum;
(v) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 August 2014 to (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 November 2014, 14.5 percentage points per annum;
(vi) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 November 2014 to (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 February 2015, 15.5 percentage points per annum;
(vii) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 February 2015 to (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 May 2015, 16.5 percentage points per annum;
(viii) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 May 2015 to (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 August 2015, 17.5 percentage points per annum; and
(ix) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 August 2015 to (and excluding) the Former Maturity Date, 18.5 percentage points per annum.
14 June 2017. If the Maturity Date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Maturity Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.
new unconditional guarantees entered into on 18 May 2012 from each of the Guarantors on a joint and several basis securing all the payment obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, governed by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the relevant company is incorporated and replacing, or supplementing, the

New Share Security: New Ship Registry: New Vessel Mortgage:
Other Retentions: Other Retentions Account: Outstanding Loan: Payment Date:
PIK Margin:

existing Guarantees provided by each of the Guarantors.
new or supplemental first priority charges or pledges (as applicable) over the shares in each of Puffin and Wisdom, entered into on 18 May 2012.
means the ship registry in Marshall Islands or any other comparable internationally accepted ship registry.
means a first priority mortgage over the FPSO Front Puffin, in the amount of USD 130,000,000 (plus accrued interest and expenses) granted by Puffin in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) to be registered in the New Ship Registry in the event that the FPSO Front Puffin is registered in the New Ship Registry.
has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.8.
has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.8.
the Remaining Loan less the Borrower's Bonds at any time.
the date on which any interest or principal is due or any other amount payable under the Finance Document, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Interest Payment Date.
means:
(i) from (and including) the Disbursement Date to (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 February 2014, 13 percentage points per annum;
(ii) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 February 2014 to (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 May 2014, 20 percentage points per annum;
(iii) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 May 2014 to (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 August 2014, 22 percentage points per annum;
(iv) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 August 2014 to (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 November

303079870

Puffin: Puffin Share Charge: Purchase Agreements:
Remaining Loan: Sale: Securities Depository:

2014, 24 percentage points per annum;
(v) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 November 2014 to (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 February 2015, 26 percentage points per annum;
(vi) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 February 2015 to (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 May 2015, 28 percentage points per annum;
(vii) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 May 2015 to (and including) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 August 2015, 30 percentage points per annum; and
(viii) from (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on 14 August 2015 to (and excluding) the Former Maturity Date, 32 percentage points per annum.
Puffin Ltd, a company incorporated in Bermuda (registered number 39044).
the first priority charge over 100% of the shares held by the Borrower in Puffin, in the amount of USD 130,000,000 (plus accrued interest and expenses), dated 30 March 2007.
the binding purchase agreements entered into by the Borrower and Seadrill Limited and Greenwich Holdings Ltd., respectively, for the purchase of the shares of Wisdom, Melrose Shipping Company Ltd. and Langford Shipping Company Ltd.
the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.
the sale of FPSO Crystal Ocean by Wisdom to BMT Giant S.A. de C.V. or its nominee for a total cash consideration of not less than USD 13,000,000 and the resulting net proceeds of not less than USD 12,000,000.
the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On the Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").

303079870

Securities Depository Act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Settlement Amount:

the amount received by Puffin in accordance with the terms of the Settlement.

Settlement Payment Date: the date when Puffin receives the Settlement Amount (which shall not be less than USD 36,000,000).

Settlement Retention:

has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.7.

Settlement:

the settlement of the disputes in respect of the termination of the charter contract between Puffin FPSO Limited and AED Services Ltd.

Share Pledge:

first priority charges over 100% of the shares in each of the Guarantors, each in the amount of USD 130,000,000 (plus accrued interest and expenses).

Subordination Deed:

a deed entered into on 18 May 2012 between each member of the Group and the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) pursuant to which each member of the Group agreed that any balances against another member of the Group (whether in the nature of loans or balance) are subordinated to the claims of the Bondholders, and providing the Loan Trustee with the power, following the occurrence of an Event of Default, to release discharge or otherwise deal with such balances as it may deem necessary in the interests of the Bondholders.

Vessel:

FPSO Front Puffin.

Vessel Mortgage:

first priority mortgage over the Vessel in the amount of USD 130,000,000 (plus accrued interest and expenses).

Waiver and Amendment the waiver and amendment agreement entered into

Agreement:

between the Borrower, Puffin, Wisdom and the Loan

Trustee on 19 December 2016.

Wisdom:

Wisdom Shipping (S) Pte. Ltd, a company incorporated in Singapore (registered number 200514651C).

Wisdom Share Pledge:

the first priority pledge over 100% of the shares held by the Borrower in Wisdom, in the amount of USD 130,000,000 (plus accrued interest and expenses), dated 30 March 2007.

303079870

2. The Loan and the Bonds
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of Bonds at an initial amount of USD 130,000,000 (US dollar one hundred thirty million), herein referred to as the "Loan". The payment of interest shall, under certain circumstances as set forth in Clause 9.1, be paid (in part or in whole) as additional Bonds, which shall be deemed to constitute a part of the Loan. In accordance with the terms of Amendment Agreement No. 7, the Borrower shall pay a Consent Fee (as defined therein) to the Bondholders in the form of additional Bonds, which shall be deemed to constitute a part of the Loan.
The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1.00 (one United States dollar) each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "FRN Sea Production Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be NO 001 035463.2.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.
2.2 The net proceeds of the Loan shall be used for partly financing the acquisition of the Vessels and the Vessel owning companies, the management organization and other floating production assets of Frontline Ltd. as well as conversion of the vessel FPSO Front Puffin into a FPSO.
3. Listing
3.1 The Bonds will initially not be listed. An application for the listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs or Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market (ABM) may at the Borrower's discretion be submitted during the term of the Loan. If the Loan is listed on Oslo Børs, the Loan may be transferred to ABM without a mandatory Bondholders' meeting and without a mandatory repurchase offer of the Loan to the Bondholders.
4. Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
303079870

5. The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on
the Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters
pursuant to the terms of this Loan Agreement (provided that the Loan Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' meeting), - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bondholder's representative, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been requested in writing to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's or the Guarantors' financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted to the Bondholders on behalf of the Borrower or the Guarantors.
6. Conditions Precedent
[NOT USED]
7. Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower and the Guarantors (at the time of execution of the Guarantees and the New Guarantees) shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) the Borrower and the Guarantors are limited liability companies, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
303079870

(b) the Borrower and the Guarantors have the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
(c) the Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower and the Guarantors and for any Loan Security to constitute a valid and enforceable agreed first priority mortgage;
(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower and the Guarantors of the Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower or the Guarantors;
(e) no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or the Guarantors or any of their assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower or any Guarantor to perform their obligations under the Finance Documents;
(f) all documents and information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower or the Guarantors to perform their duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower and the Guarantors in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower and the Guarantors to carry on their business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect;
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's and the Guarantors' knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or the Guarantors or their ability to perform their obligations under the Finance Documents;
303079870

(j) the Borrower or the Guarantors are not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which they may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) the Borrower's and the Guarantors' payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all their other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally;
(l) no financial indebtedness has been secured in respect of any Loan Security prior to the signing of the Loan Agreement; and
(m) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower and the Guarantors on the signing date of the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower and the Guarantors shall indemnify the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) for any economic losses suffered as a result of relying on the representations and warranties given by the Borrower or the Guarantors herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8. Status of the Loan and security
8.1 The Loan shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior debt of the Borrower (if applicable) and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan including interest and expenses shall be secured by the Loan Security.
8.3 The Borrower shall procure the execution of such further documentation required in order for the Bondholders to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder (subject only to any restrictions imposed by mandatory law and it being understood that customary limitation language will be included if so required), including but not limited to, upon any change of parties to contracts or agreements being assigned or pledged, and as a result of amendments made to the Loan Agreement from time to time.
8.4 The Borrower undertakes to the Loan Trustee that within 55 days of 26 March 2012 (or, in the case of the Assignment of Earnings in relation to the FPSO Front Puffin, within 45 days of the FPSO Front Puffin entering into a bareboat charter, or other contract for hire or employment of a similar nature), it (or the relevant member of the Group) shall enter into the following additional security in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), which shall constitute Loan Security for the purposes of this Agreement, and such security shall be in a form acceptable to the Loan Trustee and shall be accompanied by such legal opinions and ancillary documentation as the Loan Trustee shall reasonably require:
(a) the Deed of Covenants;
(b) the Assignment of Earnings;
(c) the Inter-company Liabilities Security;
303079870

(d) the Subordination Agreement;
(e) the New Guarantees (and amendments to the Vessel Mortgages to reflect the granting of the New Guarantees); and
(f) the New Share Security.
8.5 The Borrower shall procure, within 55 days of 26 March 2012, that the Loan Trustee is provided with signed notice(s) of assignment in respect of the Assignment of Insurances for the FPSO Crystal Ocean in the form set out in Schedule 1(A) thereto and shall use all reasonable endeavours to provide the Loan Trustee with written acknowledgment by the relevant insurer(s) of such assignment in the form set out in Schedule 1(B) thereto.
8.6 The Borrower shall procure, within 55 days of 26 March 2012, that Puffin executes an amendment to its bye-laws such that there is no obligation, right or discretion of the board of directors of Puffin to decline to register the transfer of any share if such registration would, in the opinion of the board, be likely to result in fifty percent or more of the aggregate issued share capital of Puffin, or shares of Puffin to which are attached fifty percent or more of the votes attached to all outstanding shares of Puffin, being held or owned, directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, through the VPS) by a person or persons resident for tax purposes in Norway or any other jurisdiction.
8.7 The Borrower shall procure, within 55 days of 26 March 2012, that Wisdom executes an amendment to its articles of association such that there is no right or discretion of the board of directors of Wisdom to decline to register the transfer of any share in Wisdom.
8.8 During the term of the Loan, if so requested in writing by the Borrower, the Loan Trustee shall (on behalf of the Bondholders) be authorised to issue a letter of quiet enjoyment to a third party charterer of a Vessel who has entered into a charterparty with a duration of three years of more in a form reasonably acceptable to the Loan Trustee, provided that it still be a condition of any quiet enjoyment that: (i) following an Event of Default, the charterer of the relevant Vessel is up to date with all payments, and continues to make payments in full under the terms of the relevant contract for the Vessel, and makes those payments to the Loan Trustee (unless the Loan Trustee does not so require this) under and in accordance with the relevant Assignment of Earnings; and (ii) the Loan Trustee shall not be restricted by the letter of quiet enjoyment from enforcing the Loan Security where such enforcement of the Loan Security would not interfere with the operation of the Vessel by or for the charterer.
8.9 The Borrower shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure, within 55 days of 26 March 2012, that the Loan Trustee is provided with confirmations in writing in a form satisfactory to the Loan Trustee that any and all amounts owed by the Borrower and any of the Guarantors under the revolving facility agreement dated 30 March 2007 entered into with Nordea Bank Norge ASA as agent (the "Nordea Facility"), have been satisfied and repaid in full, and that none of the relevant institutions nor the Loan Trustee have any remaining obligations, liabilities or
303079870

indebtedness outstanding under the Nordea Facility or any other ancillary documentation related thereto.
8.10 The Loan Trustee shall release the Puffin Share Charge, the Wisdom Share Pledge, the Guarantee granted by Puffin o n 3 0 March 2007, the Guarantee granted by Wisdom on 3 April 2007 and, to the extent that a new Vessel Mortgage has been granted over the Vessel where this was deemed preferable to an amendment to an existing Vessel Mortgage as contemplated by Clause 8.4 above, the previous Vessel Mortgage as soon as reasonably possible upon the expiry of a 180 day period commencing from the date of granting of all security required under Clause 8.4 above provided, however, that no security shall be released unless the Borrower has certified to the Loan Trustee that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of the proposed release.
8.11 The Borrower undertakes to the Loan Trustee that on 11 August 2015 it shall procure that Puffin enters into the following additional security in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), which shall constitute Loan Security for the purposes of this Agreement, and such security shall be in a form acceptable to the Loan Trustee and shall be accompanied by such legal opinions and ancillary documentation as the Loan Trustee shall reasonably require:
(a) the FASL Bareboat Charter Assignment of Earnings, and Puffin shall give notice and obtain acknowledgement of such assignment from FASL; and
(b) the FASL Bareboat Charter Assignment of Guarantee(s), an Puffin shall give notice and seek to obtain consent (if required) and acknowledgements of such assignment from the relevant bank.
8.12 After 1 August 2015, Puffin and the Loan Trustee may take any steps required in relation to:
(a) the reflagging the FPSO Front Puffin from its current registration in the Maltese ship registry to the New Registry pursuant to a closing memorandum reasonably acceptable to the Bond Trustee, including but not limited to (i) release and deletion of the existing Vessel Mortgage over the FPSO Front Puffin in the Maltese ship registry, (ii) deletion of the registration of the FPSO Front Puffin from the Maltese ship registry, (iii) registration of the FPSO Front Puffin in the New Registry in the name of Puffin and (iv) granting of the New Vessel Mortgage;
(b) the dual registration of the FPSO Front Puffin in the New Registry and the Nigerian ship registry, including but not limited to (i) bareboat registration of the FPSO Front Puffin in Nigeria and (ii) suspension of the primary registration in the New Registry; and
(c) notation of the New Vessel Mortgage in the Nigerian ship registry.
9. Interest
9.1 Interest accrues from and including the Disbursement Date:
303079870

(a) subject to sub-clause 9.2, from (and including) the Disbursement Date to (and excluding) the Former Maturity Date, at (i) LIBOR plus the Margin, or (ii) should LIBOR not be available, LIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin; and
(b) from (and including) the Former Maturity Date, at a fixed rate of 5.00 percentage points per annum.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in May 2007.
On each Interest Payment Date, the Borrower shall pay accrued interest due on such Interest Payment Date in cash using Available Cash. To the extent that the Borrower determines that there is insufficient Available Cash to pay all or part of the accrued interest payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date and shall not be paying all or part of the accrued interest due on an Interest Payment Date in cash, the Borrower shall:
(i) not later than four Banking Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date, issue a notice to the Loan Trustee (for immediate distribution to the Bondholders) and the paying agent appointed in connection with the Bonds at the time confirming the amount (if any) of interest that is to be paid in cash and the amount of interest that is to be paid by way of PIK Interest (as defined and described below), and providing a detailed calculation of the Cash and Available Cash in the Group; and
(ii) on the relevant Interest Payment Date, satisfy its payment obligations with respect to the portion of the accrued interest that cannot be paid in cash due to insufficient Available Cash (such amount, the "Unpaid Accrued Interest") by the issue of additional Bonds (the "PIK Interest") by the Borrower to the Bondholders on a pro rata basis in amount equivalent to (a) the Unpaid Accrued Interest plus (b) the amount of additional interest that would have accrued on that portion of the Remaining Loan to which the Unpaid Accrued Interest relates since the last Interest Payment Date had the interest rate during that period been (A) from (and including) the Disbursement Date to (and excluding) the Former Maturity Date, LIBOR plus the applicable PIK Margin; or (B) from (and including) the Former Maturity Date, a fixed rate of 7.00 percentage points per annum.
For avoidance of doubt, the issue of additional Bonds in payment of PIK Interest shall be taken into account for the purposes of calculating the amount of PIK Interest that is payable on the Remaining Loan at each following Interest Payment Date.
9.2 From (and including) the Disbursement Date to (and excluding) the Former Maturity Date, the interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date on (i) LIBOR plus the Margin; or (ii) should LIBOR not be available, and after 14 February 2014, LIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This
303079870

communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from LIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/10th of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Lord Chief Justice of the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement date to the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each interest fixing date to the next or the maturity date. The number of days is divided by 360.
10. Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Mandatory Redemption
10.1 The Loan will mature in whole on the Maturity Date and shall be repayable at a price equal to 100% of par value.
10.2 The Borrower may at all times and at its discretion redeem part of the Loan or the entire Loan (the "Call Option") at the following rates:
(i) up to and including 18 September 2014, 101% of par value;
(ii) from but excluding 18 September 2014 to and including 18 December 2014, 102% of par value; and
(iii) from but excluding 18 December 2014 to but excluding the Maturity Date, 103% of par value,
in each case, plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty - Banking Days before the date of redemption.
10.3 If at any time prior to but not including the Maturity Date, the Vessel is sold or disposed of, or if the Conversion Contracts are sold, assigned, cancelled for any reason howsoever or disposed of, or if any of the Borrower's shares in the Guarantors controlling directly or indirectly the Vessel is sold, in each case including to an
303079870

affiliate, or the Borrower or its subsidiaries, or in the event of a total loss or a constructive total loss of the Vessel, the Borrower shall redeem the entire Loan at a price equal to 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
Such mandatory redemption shall be notified by the Borrower in writing to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders and at least five Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the mandatory redemption. The settlement date of the mandatory redemption shall be carried out on or about the fifth Banking Day after the occurrence of the event triggering the mandatory redemption.
10.4 On 26 March 2012, an amount of USD 37,000,000 (the "Settlement Paydown") from the Settlement Amount shall be applied by the Borrower in partial redemption of the Loan at par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
Such mandatory redemption shall be notified by the Borrower in writing to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders and at least five Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the mandatory redemption.
10.5 On each Interest Payment Date commencing on and from (and including) 14 May 2012, any Excess Cash of the Group shall be applied by the Borrower in redemption of the Loan (in part or in whole) at a price equal to 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount), and the Borrower shall provide the Loan Trustee with a detailed calculation of the Cash within the Group and an analysis of its availability as Excess Cash for the purpose of this Clause 10.5.
10.6 Upon a Change of Control Event or a FPSO Front Puffin Deployment Event, the Borrower must redeem the Loan in full at a price equal to 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
Such mandatory redemption shall be notified by the Borrower in writing to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders and at least five Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the mandatory redemption. The settlement date of the mandatory redemption shall be carried out on or about the fifth Banking Day after the occurrence of the event triggering the mandatory redemption.
10.7 Following the Settlement Payment Date, the Group shall be permitted to retain up to USD 18,000,000 to meet certain obligations of the Group under the Settlement (such retained amount, the "Settlement Retention"). The Settlement Retention shall be solely used to secure by way of set-off the obligations of the Group in respect of the bank guarantee required to be issued in connection with the obligations of the Group under the Settlement. Upon the final determination of the obligations of the Group under the Settlement, any amount of the Settlement Retention that is not used to satisfy the obligations of the Group under the Settlement shall be immediately applied by the Borrower in partial redemption of the Loan at a price equal to 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
Such mandatory redemption shall be notified by the Borrower in writing to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders and at least five Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the mandatory redemption.
303079870

10.8 Following the Settlement Payment Date, and in addition to the Settlement Retention, the Group shall be permitted to retain up to USD 16,000,000 (the "Other Retentions") for the following purposes:
(i) up to USD 5,000,000 for payment of outstanding legal fees owed to Gard;
(ii) up to USD 1,000,000 for payment to Aibel;
(iii) up to USD 4,000,000 for payment of accrued professional fees relating to all legal disputes relating to the Settlement;
(iv) up to USD 1,000,000 for payment of costs incurred in connection with the 2012 restructuring of the terms of the Bonds, including without limitation reasonable legal fees incurred by the Bondholders; and
(v) up to USD 5,000,000 for working capital for the upgrade of FPSO Crystal Ocean.
The Other Retentions shall be placed into an account of the Borrower with Standard Chartered Bank (the "Other Retentions Account"), and the Group shall not be permitted to use such amounts for any purposes other than (and subject to the limits) set forth above.
10.9 On each Interest Payment Date falling on February 14, 2013 and August 14, 2013, the Borrower shall redeem the Loan in an amount of USD 5,000,000 at 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
10.10 Partial redemption of the Loan in accordance with this Clause 10 must be carried out on a pro rata basis (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).
10.11 Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this Clause 10 shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
11. Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 (including the Margin) plus 5.00 percentage points per annum.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
12. Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
303079870

13. Covenants
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to an Event of Default;
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee for distribution to the Bondholders and publication on Stamdata) as soon they are available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 45 days after the end of each quarter,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to: mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders' capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) inform the Loan Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository,
(g) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's business and financial condition (including, without limitation, as to Available Cash and Excess Cash) as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(h) in connection with and at the same time as reporting under Clause 13.1(b) confirm to the Loan Trustee in writing the Borrower's compliance with Clause 8.4 and Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the form set out as Attachment 1 hereto, signed by a director of the Borrower. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the nature of and reasons for such non-compliance, as well as the steps which the Borrower has taken and/or will take in order to rectify the non-compliance,
(i) immediately inform the Loan Trustee (via the Securities Depository) if a mandatory redemption is required under Clause 10.3 or a Change of Control Event or a FPSO Front Puffin Deployment Event takes place,
(j) on each Interest Payment Date, provide the Loan Trustee with statements for the three - 3 - months prior to the month ending on such Interest Payment Date showing: (i) intercompany balances within the Group; (ii) intercompany
303079870

balances with affiliates of the Borrower outside of the Group; and (iii) the consolidated cash balance of the Group, which such statements shall not be provided or released to the Bondholders except upon the occurrence or existence of an Event of Default, as determined by or notified to the Loan Trustee,
(k) such information as may be required by the Loan Trustee from time to time to monitor and review the computation and payment of each of Available Cash and Excess Cash, respectively, by the Borrower, and
(l) to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, send (promptly upon becoming aware of them) the Loan Trustee such relevant details of any material litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which have been started by or against the Borrower or any member of the Group, and any other events which have occurred which may have a material adverse effect on the Group.
13.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not cease to carry on its business,
(b) not demerge or merge,
(c) not in any way restructure its business, in a manner which is likely to materially adversely affect the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(d) not sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or change the nature of its business in a manner which is likely to materially adversely affect the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(e) except as contemplated herein, not make any financial or other arrangements concerning the Vessel and its employment which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
( f not permit any junior security in the Loan Security,
(g) ensure that the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all of the Borrower's other unsubordinated creditors, save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application,
(h) not and not permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member of the Group's business, and pursuant to the reasonable
303079870

requirements of the relevant member of the Group's business, and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time,
(i) not agree to any material changes to the Conversion Contracts which, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, are likely to have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement (any agreement for changes to the delivery date by more than 3 months is in any event to be considered as a material change which will require the approval of the Bondholders' meeting, such approval to be given with simple majority),
(j) except for the Settlement Retention, not grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any third party not being a member of the Group,
(k) not pledge any equipment related to the Vessel that are not pledged in favor of the Loan to any other party,
(l) provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Vessel and maintain the class and registration of the Vessel,
(m) to the extent permitted by the relevant insurer and the terms of relevant insurance policy, use reasonable endeavours to ensure within 45 days of execution of this Loan Agreement that the Loan Trustee shall be registered as mortgagee in all insurance policies taken out in respect of the Vessel and that such registration is maintained,
(n) subject to Clause 8.4, maintain the grant, perfection and first ranking priority of the Loan Security and ensure that such security remains duly created, enforceable and perfected with first priority, at the expense of the Borrower or the relevant security provider (as the case may be),
(o) pay and discharge liabilities, obligations and taxes that may give rise to a lien on the Vessel other than the Vessel Mortgage (other than by operation of law), and other than taxes that may be disputed and for which provisions are made, and take all reasonable steps to prevent any arrest of the Vessel other than in connection with the Vessel Mortgage,
(p) not make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to the shareholders of the Borrower,
(q) except for the Loan Security, not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or any other form of encumbrance upon any assets of the Borrower or any of the Guarantors,
(r) not assume or incur or permit to exist any debt or any other form of liability having the nature of Financial Indebtedness other than subordinated debt from other companies in the Group,
303079870

(s) not change or permit to change the type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation of any member of the Group,
(t) not amend its constitutional documents except for amendments which may not, at any time, directly or indirectly, jeopardize or otherwise be detrimental to the Loan Security,
(u) be in compliance with all applicable laws, except where such non-compliance would not result in an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(v) except in the case of Mandatory Redemption under Clause 10.3, maintain 100% direct ownership and voting rights of its subsidiary which owns the Vessel, and
(w) not to use the Settlement Retention or Other Retentions for any purposes other than as expressly provided in Clause 10.7 and 10.8.
13.3 The Borrower shall ensure that as at the date that is six months after the date of this Loan Agreement, the Vessel has been delivered and is operating and earning under a firm contract for charter or hire with a duration (not taking into account any optional extension periods) until at least 14 May 2015.
13.4 During the term of the Loan, the Guarantors shall, and the Borrower shall procure that the Guarantors shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed otherwise) comply with the covenants set out in Clauses 8.4, 13.1, 13.2(a) to (w) and 13.3 (as applicable to each Guarantor) and shall not make any investments or engage in any activity other than investments and activity solely related to the Vessel.
13.5 The Borrower shall use reasonable endeavours to initiate proceedings for the windingup, liquidation or striking off of each of Melrose Shipping Company Limited and Langford Shipping Company Limited within 180 days of the execution of this Loan Agreement provided, however, that no Event of Default shall occur in relation to this covenant if, at any time after the expiry of such 180 day period, the Borrower shall (i) have procured that each of Melrose Shipping Company Limited and Langford Shipping Company Limited have entered into the Inter-company Liabilities Security and the Subordination Agreement; or (ii) have commenced winding up, liquidation or striking off proceedings for each of Melrose and Langford and be pursuing such proceedings in good faith.
14. Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses incurred in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the
303079870

agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository. Fees and expenses payable to the Loan Trustee which, due to the Borrower's insolvency or for other similar reasons, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
14.4 The Borrower shall pay the following restructuring fees (the "Restructuring Fees") to the Bondholders in relation to Amendment Agreement No. 6:
(a) an amount equal to 1.5% of the Remaining Loan as at the 18 March 2014, payable in cash within 5 Banking Days of 18 March 2014; plus
(b) an amount equal to 2% of the Remaining Loan on each of:
(i) 14 November 2014;
(ii) 14 February 2015; and
(iii) the Maturity Date,
in each case, payable in cash or by the Borrower issuing additional Bonds to the Bondholders on a pro rata basis, at the Borrower's option.
The record date for payment shall be in relation to sub-paragraph (a) above, the first Banking Day after 18 March 2014, and in relation to sub-paragraph (b) above, the record date for the corresponding Interest Payment Date (as established by the Securities Depository).
14.5 The Borrower shall not later than 5 Banking Days before the relevant payment date, issue a notice to the Loan Trustee (for immediate distribution to the Bondholders) confirming whether the applicable Restructuring Fee referred to in Clause 14.4(b) will be paid in cash or by way of the Borrower issuing additional Bonds to the Bondholders (as described above).
14.6 If the Borrower or any Guarantor is required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents such Guarantor (or the Borrower, as appropriate) shall gross up such amount so that the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders shall receive the amount they would have received had such deduction or withholding not been made.
14.7 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and the normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
303079870

15. Events of Default
15.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (Events of Default):
(a) the Borrower or the Guarantors shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under any of the Finance Documents; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time,
(b) the Borrower or the Guarantors shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under any of the Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) if, for each of the Borrower and the Guarantors, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of USD 2 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness of due to and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(d) if, for any of the Borrower or the Guarantors;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) the value of the assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities), or
(iii) a moratorium is declared,
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
303079870

(e) if, for any of the Borrower or the Guarantors, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a provisional liquidator, liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, judicial manager, compulsory manager or other similar officer or any of its assets, or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
(f) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower or the Guarantors in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made,
(g) it becomes impossible or unlawful for the Borrower or any of the Guarantors to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party;
(h) there is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against the Borrower or any of the Guarantors which, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee (after consultations with the Borrower) is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Group;
(i) the Borrower fails to pay any amounts that are due to the Loan Trustee and/or its legal advisers under their respective fee arrangements; and
(j) the Borrower fails to co-operate with the Loan Trustee and its legal advisers in providing ongoing consultation and reasonable access to information and documentation.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement. The
303079870

occurrence of an Event of Default shall be deemed as a mandatory redemption and shall be repaid at a price of 101% of par value.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower (or the Guarantors) a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower (and the Guarantors), expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16. Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower or Guarantors,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other material conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's or the Guarantors' corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's or the Guarantors' assets or security for the Loan,
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
303079870

The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1(d) and (e), provided that:
(a) the changes are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1(c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Guarantors, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17. Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower or the Guarantors,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
303079870

(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be
303079870

presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Guarantors, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause l8.
Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower or the guarantors,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in
303079870

the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18. Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19. Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1(b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter. The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub clause 14.7, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20. Limitation
20.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.
303079870

21. Dispute resolution and legal venue 21.1 This Loan Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in
connection with it) and all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Loan Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian Law. 21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee. All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Loan Agreement shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as the sole legal venue.
22. Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions 22.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in
the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada. 22.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
22.3 The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period o f four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.
22.4 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contravention of mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights and other rights and entitlements under this Loan Agreement.
303079870

Amended and Restated U n

Singapore/Oslo, 1 3

___ 4016

Sea Production Ltd Borrower

Nordic Trustee ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

303079870
303079870

Amended and Restated
Singapore/Oslo, 2 1 W\ «rt. U_____ 2017

Sea Production Ltd Borrower

Nordic Trustee ASA Loan Trustee

v Slagsvold
The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), o f which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

303079870

ATTACHMENT NO. 1 FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
From: Sea Production Ltd To: Nordic Trustee ASA
Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 Email: mail@trustee.no
Dated:
Re: FRN Sea Production Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007 / 2012 - ISIN NO 001 035463.2
Ladies and Gentlemen: We refer to the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement between Sea Production Ltd (Borrower) and Nordic Trustee ASA (Loan Trustee) acting on behalf of the Bondholders with regards to the bond issue mentioned above (the "Loan Agreement"). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the same meaning as ascribed to such terms under the Loan Agreement. This letter constitutes the compliance certificate required under the terms of the Loan Agreement for the period from [XXX] to [XXX]. We hereby certify that:
· all information contained in the Loan Agreement is true and accurate in all material respects and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the Borrower since the date of the last accounts or the last compliance certificate submitted to you;
· the covenants set out in Clause 13 of the Loan Agreement are satisfied; and · the Borrower has complied with the provisions of Clause 8.4, Clause 8.11 and Clause
8.12 of the Loan Agreement, with respect to the additional Loan Security to be provided to the Loan Trustee identified therein.
Signed:
[Insert name o f signing director]
Director, Sea Production Ltd
303079870

