Execttion version
BOND TERMS
Í'oR Care Bidco AS FRN Senior Secured Bonds 20l7l2Ù2l rsrN No 0010788961

Clause

Contents

1. INTERPRETATION
) THE BONDS ...............
a J.
4. ADMISSION TO LISTING ............. 5. REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS 6. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMEN1 ... 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND V/ARRANTIES 8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS
9. INTEREST 10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF 8ONDS........
ll. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS....
12. INFORMATION I.]NDERTAKINGS 13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL I-]NDERTAKINGS 14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS
15. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS ...............
16. THE BOND TRUSTEE......... t7. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
18. MISCELLANEOUS 19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION........

SCHEDULE I COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE _ ESCROW ACCOUNT
SCHEDULE 3 SECURITY PRINCIPLES

Page
..Ja 16 ........ I 8
l9
...19 ...19
.22 .24 .26 .27 .28 .29 .30 ...34 ...37 ...41 .46 .46 .49

2 (52)

BOI\D TERMS
ISSUER:
BOND TRUSTEE:
DATED:

Care Bidco AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 916 544 669; and
Nordic Trustee ASA, a company existing under the laws of
Norway with registration number 963 342 624.
22March20l7

These Bond Terms shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding.
1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 Defïnitions

The following terms will have the following meanings:

"Additional Bonds" means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue.
"AfÏiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Annual Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP,
such financial statements to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow
statement and report of the board of directors.

"Attachmenf'means each of the attachments to these Bond Terms.
"Bond Terms" means these terms and conditions, including all Attachments hereto which
shall form an integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or
supplemented from time to time.
"Bond Trustee" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with
these Bond Terms.

"Bond Trustee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond
Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.

"Bondholder" means a Person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders as set out in Clause 15
(B ondholders' de c is ions).

3 (s2)

'oBonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms, including any Additional Bonds.
"Business Day" means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant Bond currency settlement system is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to the first preceding Business Day (ModiJìed Following).
- "Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary Redemption Call
Option).
"Call Option Repayment l)ate" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined
by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date
agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of
Bonds.
"Cash" means at any time (a) freely available and unrestricted cash in hand or at bank and (in
the latter case) credited to an account in the name of a member of the Group, and (b) certificates of deposits of marketable debt securities of minimum investment grade rating
held for cash management purposes.
"Change of Control Event" means any Person or group of Persons acting in concert gaining Decisive lnfluence over the Issuer (other than the Sponsor or any fund managed by the Sponsor and/or any otherparty overwhom any ofthem have Decisive Influence).
"Compliance Certificate" means a statement substantially in the form as set out in Attachment t hereto.
*CSD" means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being
Verdipapirsentralen ASA.
"I)ecisive Influence" means a Person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding and/or other arrangement and/or through the direct and/or indirect ownership of shares and/or
other ownership interests in another Person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other Person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that
other Person.
"I)efault Notice" means a written notice to the Issuer as described in Clause 14.2
(Acceleration of the Bonds).
"I)efault Repayment l)ate" means the settlement date set out by the Bond Trustee in a
Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds.
4 (s2)

"Distribution" means any (Ð payment of dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase of own shares, (iii) redemption of share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repayment of any Subordinated Capital, or (v) any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct and indirect shareholders of any Group Company or the Affrliates of such
direct and indirect shareholders.
*EBITDA" means the consolidated profit of the Group, from ordinary activities according to
the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any
member of the Group;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) excluding any items (positive or negative) of a one off, non-recurring, nonoperational, extraordinary, unusual or exceptional nature (including, without
limitation, restructuring expenditures);
(d) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument
(other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge account
basis);
(e) after adding back the amount of any accounting effect of stock based compensation
for employees;
(Ð after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any material loss or
gain against book value arising on a disposal ofany asset (other than in the ordinary
course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward
revaluation of any asset;
(g) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of
any member of the Group which is attributable to minorþ interests;
(h) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of the profits or
losses of entities which are not part of the Group;
(i) after adding back any losses to the extent covered by any insurance; and
C) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of members of the Group.
oo[scrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, with an acceptable bank
located in Norway, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's
obligations under the Finance Documents in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the
Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
'oBscrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
5 (s2)

'oEvent of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified in Clause 14.1
(Events of Default).
o'Exchange" means:
(a) the Oslo Stock Exchange (No: Oslo Børs); or
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in
Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39lF;C) or the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 20l4l65tÛU (MiFID II), as applicable.
"Existing l)ebt" means:
(a) the loan agreement between Unicare Holding AS as borrower and Danske Bank A/S
as lender in the amount of approximately NOK 85,600,000; and
(b) the loan agreement between Care Bidco AS as borrower and the Sponsor as lender in
the amount of approximately NOK I 5 1,800,000.
"Finance I)ocuments" means these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee Agreement, any
Transaction Security Document, and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.
"Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees (excluding arrangement fees in respect of the Initial Loan Amount under the Bond Issue), discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the Group (calculated on a consolidated basis), without taking into account any capitalised interest in respect of any Subordinated Capital, or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for
on a hedge accounting basis
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed and debt balances at banks or other financial institutions;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or
dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue ofbonds, notes,
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument, including the Bonds;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which
would, in accordance with GAAP as applicable on the Issue Date, be treated as a
finance or capital lease (meaning that the lease is capiølized as an asset and booked as a coresponding liability in the balance sheet);
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold
on a non-recourse basis provided that the requirements for de-recognition under
GAAP are met);
6 (s2)

(Ð any derivative transaction entered into and, when calculating the value of any
derivative transaction, only the marked to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the termination or close-out of that derivative transaction, that
amount shall be taken into account);
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability of a person which is not a Group Company which liability would fall within one of the other paragraphs of this
definition;
(h) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which are redeemable (other than
at the option of the Issuer) before the Maturþ Date or are otherwise classified as
borrowings under GAAP;
(Ð any amount of any liabilþ under an advance or deferred purchase agreement, if (a)
the primary reason behind entering into the agreement is to raise finance or (b) the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due more than 120 calendar days after the date of supply;
0) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as a borrowing under GAAP; and
(k) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for
any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (i) above.
"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.
"First Call Date" means the Interest Payment Date in IN{.atch2020.
.'GAAP" means generally accepted accounting practices and principles in Norway including,
if applicable, International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and
interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
o'Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of the Norwegian Government with a constant maturity (as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that have become publicly available at
least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith) most nearly
equal to the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date, provided, however that if the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of the direct obligations of the Norwegian Government for which a weekly average yield is given, the Norwegian Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of the Norwegian Government for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct
7 (s2)

obligations of the Norwegian Government adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Group" means the Issuer and all its Subsidiaries from time to time
"Group Company" means any Person which is a member of the Group
"Guarantee" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.5(aXiii).
"Guarantors" means all appointed Material Group Companies (from time to time), and
always including (i) Unicare Holding AS, a company incorporated in Norway with
registration number 995 986 973 and (ii) the Issuer's wholly and directly owned Subsidiaries (each a "Guarantor").
"Incurrence Test" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 13.ll (Incurrence
Test).
"Initial Bond fssue" means the aggregate Nominal Amount of all Bonds issued on the Issue
Date.
"Initial Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of each Bond as set out in Clause 2.1
(Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds).
"Insolvent" means that a Person:
(a) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due;
(b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or
(c) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant
bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its center of main interest as such term is understood pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 134612000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended).
"Intellectual Property" means any patents, trademarks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, database rights, rights to source code, design rights, domain names, inventions, confidential information, knowhow and other intellectual property rights and interests, whether registered or unregistered and the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets of each member of the Group.
"Intercompany Loan" means any loan made by a Group Company to a Material Group Company (not including any Financial Indebtedness under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group) where (i) the term of the loan is over one year (the term being determined at the sole discretion of the Issuer) and (ii) the amount is in excess of NOK 20,000,000 and which pursuant to the Bond Terms shall be fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations.
o'Interest Cover Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges calculated for
the Relevant Period.
I (52)

"Interest Payment I)ate" means the last day of each Interest Period, the first Interest
Payment Date being 24 June 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity
Date.
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day
Convention, the period between 24 June,24 September,24 December and 24 March each year, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
"Interest Quotation I)ay" means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be determined, the day falling two (2) Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest
Period.
oolnterest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of the
Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period plus the Margin.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the
Issuer for the quarterþ period ending on each 3l March,30 June, 30 September and 31
December in each year, prepared in accordance with GAAP.
*ISIN' means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of
the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 24March2017.
"Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate of the
Issuer.
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA calculated for the
Relevant Period.
"Listing Failure Event" means:
(a) that the Bonds have not been admitted to listing on an Exchange within six (6) months
following the Issue Date, or
(b) in the case of a successful admission to listing, that a period of six (6) months has
elapsed since the Bonds ceased to be admitted to listing on an Exchange.
"Longstop Date" means the date that falls sixty (60) Business Days after the Issue Date.
"Make-Whole Amounf'means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of 102 per cent. of the Nominal
Amount as if such payment had taken place on the First Call Date; and
(a) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of the remaining interest
payments (less any accrued and unpaid interest as of the Call Option Repayment Date) to and including the First Call Date,
9 (s2\

where the present value shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points above the comparable Govemment Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration until the
First Call Date using linear interpolation), and where the interest rate applied for the
remaining interest payments shall equal the Mid-Swap Rate plus the Margin (however so that the interest rate can never fall below the Margin).
"Manager" means ABG Sundal Collier ASA, who act as manager for the Bond Issue.
"Margin" means 5.50 per cent.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the Issuer's or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under
any of the Finance Documents, or
(b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means (i) the Issuer, (ii) any directly and wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer and (iii) any other member of the Group which has subsequently been designated as a Material Group Company by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.10
(Designation of Material Group Companies).
"Maturity l)ate" means 24March202l, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention.
o'Maximum Issue Amount" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1
(Amount, denomination, ISIN and tenor).
"Mid-Swap Rate" means the linearly interpolated Reference Rate in the currency of the
Bonds for the actual period on the day of computation of the Government Bond Rate, or, if
such is not quoted, the mid-swap rate for the leading banks in the relevant interbank market, based on the last quoted Reference Rate or mid-swap rate in the currency of the Bonds for the actual period.
o'Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to
any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent
investment (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Subordinated Capital).
"Net Interest Bearing l)ebt" means the aggregate interest bearing Financial Indebtedness of
the Group, and excluding:
(a) SubordinatedCapital;
(b) interest bearing debt borrowed from a wholly-owned Group Company to another
wholly-owned Group Company; and
(c) any Issuer's Bonds,
less cash and cash equivalents (and for the avoidance of doubt funds held on the Escrow
Account of the Group in accordance with IFRS).
r0 (52)

"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount less the aggregate amount by which
the Bonds (or each Bond, if applicable) have been partially redeemed pursuant to Clause l0
(Redemption and repurchase of Bonds).
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantors.
"Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds issued in accordance with these Bond Terms to the extent not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by the Issuer under any of the
Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Parent" means Care Holdco AS, a private limited liability company incorporated in Norway with registration number.916 544 626).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
"Permitted Distribution" means any Distribution by:
(a) a Subsidiary of the Issuer, if such Distribution is made to another Group Company
and, if made by a Group Company which is not wholly-owned, is made on a pro rata
basis; and
(b) by the Issuer to the Parent or its Affiliates for funding, payment or reimbursement of administration cost and services limited to NOK 1,000,000 for any financial year,
provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such
Distribution.
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness (or the refinancing of any Financial Indebtedness outstanding at the time of the refinancing):
(a) under the Finance Documents;
(b) incurred under Existing Debt (provided it shall be included as "Permitted Financial
Indebtedness" only up until the fîrst release of funds from the Escrow Account);
(c) incurred under finance or capital lease of equipment, computers or real property in the
ordinary course of business;
(d) in the form of any Intercompany Loans;
(e) any loans between Group Companies (other than to the Issuer) that do not constitute
Intercompany Loans;
(Ð in the form of any Subordinated Capital;
(g) arising between Group Companies under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group;
ll (s2)

(h) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby
or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability in the ordinary course of business of a Group Company;
(D incurred under any advance or deferred purchase agreement on normal commercial
terms by any member of the Group from any of its trading parhrers in the ordinary course of its trading activities;
û) incurred by the Issuer, if such Financial Indebtedness meets the Incurrence Test tested
pro forma including such new Financial Indebtedness, and is incurred as a result of a
Tap Issue;
(k) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity (or operations)
and which is due to such acquired entity holding indebtedness, provided that such indebtedness is either (i) repaid, or (ii) otherwise refinanced by the Issuer as set out in
paragraph O above within ninety (90) days of completion of such acquisition or
transfer;
(l) under any pension and tax liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; or
(m) incurred under paragraph (h) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Support".
"Permitted Financial Support" means any guarantee, loan or other financial support:
(a) granted under the Finance Documents;
(b) granted under Existing Debt (provided it shall be included as "Permitted Financial
Support" only up until the first release of funds from the Escrow Account);
(c) granted in respect ofany Tap Issue, provided that such guarantee is granted in favour
of the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with the Bond Terms;
(d) permitted under paragraphs (d), (e) and (g) of the definition of "Permitted Financial
Indebtedness";
(e) which constitutes a trade credit or guarantee issued in respect of a liability incuned by
another Group Company in the ordinary course of business;
(Ð for any rental obligations in respect of any real property leased by a Group Company
in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms;
(g) arising by operation oflaw and in the ordinary course ofbusiness and not as a result of
any default or omission; or
(h) arising in the ordinary course of banking arrangements for the purposes of netting debt
and credit balances between Group Companies.
t2 (s2)

"Permitted Securit¡r" means any security:
(a) created under the Finance Documents;
(b) created in respect of Existing Debt (provided it shall be included as "Permitted
Security" only up until the first release of funds from the Escrow Account);
(c) created in respect of a Tap Issue, provided that such security is granted in favour of
the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with the Bond Terms;
(d) arising by operation oflaw or in the ordinary course oftrading and not as a result of
any default or omission;
(e) arising in the ordinary course of banking arrangements for the purposes of netting debt
and credit balances of the Group Companies;
(Ð in the form of rental deposits or other guarantees in respect of any lease agreement
including in relation to real property entered into by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms; or
(g) granted under Permitted Financial Indebtedness in accordance with paragraph (k) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness" and that such security is
discharged upon repayment or refinancing of such Financial Indebtedness with the
Issuer as the new borrower.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a
separate legal personality.
"Pre-I)isbursement Security" means the Security designated as such in Clause 2.5.
"Pre-settlement SecuritSr" means the Security designated as such in Clause 2.5.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory
repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event.
"Put Option Repayment I)ate" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
ooReference Rate" shall mean NIBOR; (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) being the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or
t3 (s2)

other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
"Relevant Record l)ate" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the
Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time;
(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the
immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being
held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and
(c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution
(Ð the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons have been published;
of,
(iÐ if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached
prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the
immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
"Repayment I)ate" means any date for payment of principal or any other amounts under the
Bond Issue in accordance with Clause l0.l (Redemption of Bonds), any Call Option
Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, the Tax Event Repayment Date, the Longstop Date or the Maturþ Date.
"secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer
under the Finance Documents.
"secured Parties" means the Security Agent and the Bond Trustee on behalf of itself and the Bondholders.
"securities Trading Act" means the Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 of the Relevant
Jurisdiction.
"securit¡/" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any Person or any other agreement or afrangement having
a similar effect.
"security Principles" means such principles and agreed limitations in respect of the granting of Security as set out in Schedule 3 to these Bond Terms.
t4 (s2)

"security Agent" means the Bond Trustee or any successor Securþ Agent, acting for and on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with any Security Agent Agreement or any
other Finance Document.
"security Agent Agreement" means any agreement whereby the Security Agent is appointed to act as such in the interest of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the
Bondholders).
'osponsor" means Gsquare Healthcare Private Equity LLP.
"subordinated Capital" means any loan granted or to be granted, with terms (including aggregate amount) and final structure acceptable to the Bond Trustee (acting in its sole discretion), inter alia to ensure that (a) such loan is fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations, (b) no interest shall accrue and be payable in excess of any interest payable under the Bonds and always be subject to payment in-kind (PIK), and (c) any repayment of principal, or payment of interest under any such loan, is subject to all present and future obligations and liabilities under the Secured Obligations having been discharged in full.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
oosummons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case
may be.
"Tap Issue" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 (Amount,
denomination, ISIN and tenor).
"Tap Issue Addendum" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1
(Amount, denomination, ISIN and tenor).
"Tax Event Repayment l)ate" means the date set out in a notice from the Issuer to the
Bondholders pursuant to Clause I0.4 (Early redemption option due to a tax event).
"Transaction Security" means the Securþ created or expressed to be created in favour of
the Security Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Transaction Securþ
Documents.
"Transaction Security l)ocuments" means, collectively, the Escrow Account Pledge and all of the documents which shall be executed or delivered pursuant to Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) expressed to create any Security by the relevant grantor thereof in respect of the Issuer's obligations under any of the Finance Documents.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond
shall mean any single one of those Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among
the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 15.5 (Written Resolutions).
1.2 Construction In these Bond Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:
l5 (s2)

(a) headings are for ease ofreference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number will include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of these Bond Terms;

(d) references to a time are references to Central European time unless otherwise stated;

(e) references to a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or re-
enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;
(Ð references to a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or
guideline by any official body;
(g) references to a "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated
organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entþ, whether or not having a separate legal Personality;
(h) references to Bonds being "redeemed" means that such Bonds are cancelled and
discharged in the CSD in a corresponding amount, and that any amounts so redeemed may not be subsequently re-issued under these Bond Terms;
(i) references to Bonds being "purchased" or 'orepurchased" by the Issuer means that
such Bonds may be dealt with by the Issuer as set out in Clause 11.1. (Issuer's purchase of Bonds);

û) references to Persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant
provisions of the Securities Trading Act; and
(k) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.

2.

THE BOIU)S

2.t

Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds

(a) The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in in the maximum amount of NOK

700,000,000 (the "Maximum Issue Amount"). The Bonds may be issued on different

issue dates and the Initial Bond Issue will be in the amount of NOK 350,000,000. The

Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in Clause 6.3 (Tap Issues) are met, at

one or more occasions issue Additional Bonds (each a "Tap Issue") until the Nominal

Amount of all Additional Bonds equals in aggregate the Maximum lssue Amount less

the Initial Bond Issue. Each Tap Issue will be subject to identical terms as the Bonds

issued pursuant to the Initial Bond Issue in all respects as set out in these Bond Terms,

except that Additional Bonds may be issued at a different price than for the Initial

Bond Issue and which may be below or above the Nominal Amount. The Bond Trustee
shall prepare an addendum to these Bond Terms evidencing the terms of each Tap

Issue (a "Tap Issue Addendum").

(b) The Bonds are denominated in Norwegian Kroner (NOK), being the legal currency of
Norway.

t6 (s2)

(c) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is NOK 500,000.
(d) The ISIN of the Bonds is NO 001 0788961. All Bonds issued under the same ISIN will
have identical terms and conditions as set out in these Bond Terms'

2.2

Tenor ofthe Bonds

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity

Date.

2.3

Use of proceeds

(a) The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue (net of fees and legal

cost of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other cost and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) exclusively (i) for repayment of Existing Debt and (ii)

general corporate purposes, including acquisitions.

(b) The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of any Additional Bonds for
general corporate purposes, including acquisitions.

2.4

Status ofthe Bonds

The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or

other similar laws of general application).

2.5 Transaction Security
(a) As Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer
shall procure that the following Transaction Security is granted in favour of the
Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated in Clause 6
(C ond it ion s for dis bur s ement):
Pre-Settlement Securitv:
(D first priority pledge over the Escrow Account;

Pre-Disbursement Security:
(Ð first priority charges over the Issuer's bank accounts (to be unblocked except
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing and following the Bond Trustee's written notice to the relevant account bank);

(ii) first priority pledge over all shares issued in the Issuer and all of the Guarantors;
(iiÐ to the extent legally and practically possible, joint and several unconditional and
irrevocable Norwegian law guarantees (No. "selvskyldnerkausjon"), or the corresponding guarantee under other applicable law to the extent made by a
Guarantor which is not a Norwegian legal entity, from each of the Guarantors, which shall constitute senior obligations of the Guarantors (the "Guarantees");

t7 (s2)

(iv) first priority floating charges in operational assets (No: Driftstilbehørspant) of
each Guarantor incorporated in Norway and the Issuer;
(v) first priority floating charges in the account receivables (No: Factoringpant) of
each Guarantor incorporated in Norway and the Issuer; and
(vi) first priority pledge in any Intercompany Loans from the Issuer to the
Guarantors (if any in existence).
(b) The Transaction Security shall be entered into on such terms and conditions as the
Bond Trustee in its discretion deems appropriate in order to create the intended benefit
for the Secured Parties under the relevant document and always be subject to and limited to mandatory provisions of applicable law which limit the legal capacity or ability to provide Security, including but not limited to, the provisions of section 8-7 and 8-10 of the Norwegian Limited Liabilþ Companies Act and the Norwegian Public
Limited Liabilþ Companies Act, both of 1997 (as amended) and (to the extent relevant) any similar restrictions in other jurisdictions in which a Guarantor is
incorporated from time to time.
(c) The Issuer shall for as long as any amount remain outstanding under the Bonds ensure
that all shares issued by its directly owned Subsidiaries are pledged on first priority in favour of the of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
(d) The Bond Trustee shall pursuant to these Bond Terms (upon the Issuer's request)
release any Guarantee or Security provided by a Guarantor that ceases to be a Material Group Company unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

3

THE BONDHOLDERS

3.1

Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders

(a) Upon registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Bondholders shall be bound by the

terms and conditions of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document without

any further action or formality being required to be taken or satisfied.

(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the
Bondholders.

3.2 Limitation of rights of action
(a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency
procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any
of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the
Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.
(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the
Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance

18 (52)

Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

3.3

Bondholders' rights

(a) If a benefîcial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise

any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the

Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction
to be the beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one
or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of
the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall
only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or similar evidence of
authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent
from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

4.

ADMISSION TO LISTING

The Issuer shall procure that the Bonds are listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (No. Oslo Børs) within six (6) months of the Issue Date and remain listed on an Exchange until the

Bonds have been redeemed in full.

5.

REGISTRATION OF THE BOI\DS

5.1

Registration in the CSD

The Bonds shall be registered in dematerialised form in the CSD according to the relevant

securities registration legislation and the requirements of the CSD.

5.2

Obligation to ensure correct registration

The Issuer will at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall immediately upon any amendment or variation of these Bond Terms give notice to the

CSD of any such amendment or variation.

5.3

Country of issuanee

The Bonds have not been issued under any other country's legislation than that of the

Relevant Jurisdiction. Save for the registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Issuer is under

no obligation to register, or cause the registration of, the Bonds in any other registry or under

any other legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction.

6.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

6.1

Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer

(a) Payment of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds (net of legal costs of the
Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in

connection with the Bond Issue) into the Escrow Account shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue

Date each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond

Trustee:

te (52)

(Ð these Bond Terms duly executed by all parties thereto;
(iD the Bond Trustee Agreement duly signed by all parties thereto;
(iiD the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed by all parties thereto and perfected in accordance with applicable law;
(iv) certified copies of all corporate resolutions (including authorisations) of the
lssuer required for the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance
Documents to which it is a ParlY;
(v) copies of the Issuer's articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant
company register in respect of the Issuer evidencing that the Issuer is validly existing (No. "firmaattest og vedtekter");
(vi) copies of any necessary governmental approval, consent or waiver (as the case
may be) required at such time to issue the Bonds;
(vii) any statements or legal opinions required by the Bond Trustee in relation to the
relevant Finance Documents;
(viii) confirmation that the applicable prospectus requirements (ref the EU prospectus directive (2003171 EC)) concerning the issuance of the Bonds have been
fulfilled;
(ix) confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the CSD;
(x) copies of any written documentation used in marketing the Bonds or made
public by the Issuer or any Manager in connection with the issuance of the
Bonds; and
(xi) copies of the Issuer's latest Financial Reports.
(b) The net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds (net of legal costs of the Manager and
the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) will not be released from the Escrow Account and disbursed to the lssuer unless the Bond Trustee has received or is satisfied that it will receive in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to such disbursement to the Issuer each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(Ð a duly executed release notice from the Issuer;
(ii) a statement of subordination in favour of the Bond Trustee of any and all claims
which is required to be subordinated under items (vi) and (ix) below;
(iii) copies of the Guarantors' articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant company register in respect of each Guarantor and the Parent
evidencing that each of the Guarantor and the Parent is validly existing
applicable in the relevant jurisdiction;
20 (s2)

(iv) copies ofnecessary corporate resolutions (including authorisations) from each of
the Guarantors and the Parent to execute the relevant Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(v) confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will
result from the release from the Escrow Account;
(vi) copies of agreements for any existing Intercompany Loans (and any
Intercompany Loans to be established upon disbursement) with the Issuer duly
executed by all parties thereto, and evidence that any Intercompany Loans
granted (or to be granted) to the Issuer are fully subordinated to the Bonds;
(vii) a certificate from the Issuer confirming that no indebtedness, security or guarantees (that will not constitute Permitted Security, Permitted Financial
Indebtedness or Permitted Financial Support) exist within the Group following the repayment of the Existing Debt;
(viii) all relevant Transaction Security Documents relating to the Pre-Disbursement
Security being executed and perfected;
(ix) copies of the template for the agreements for Subordinated Capital, and the
declaration of subordination in respect of any subordinated capital;
(x) written evidence that the Existing Debt will be repaid in full prior to or in
relation with the first release of funds from the Escrow Account;
(xi) any legal opinion required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Issuer and the legality, validþ and
enforceability of these Bond Terms and the Finance Documents) in respect of
any jurisdiction by which a Security Document or any other Finance Document
is governed; and
(xii) any other Finance Documents duly signed by all parties thereto'
(c) The Bond Trustee, acting in its reasonable discretion, may waive the deadline or the
requirements for documentation set out in this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for
disbursement to the Issuer), or decide in its discretion that delivery of certain
documents as set out in this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the
Issuer) shall be made subject to an agreed closing procedure between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer.

6.2 Distribution
Disbursement of the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds is conditional on the Bond Trustee's confîrmation to the Paying Agent that the conditions in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) have been either satisfied in the Bond Trustee's
discretion or waived by the Bond Trustee pursuant to paragraph 6.1(c) above.

6.3

Tap Issues

The lssuer may issue Additional Bonds if:

2r (s2)

(a) the Bond Trustee has executed a Tap Issue Addendum;
(b) the representations and warranties contained in Clause 7 (Representations and
Warranties) of these Bond Terms are true and correct in all material respects and
repeated by the Issuer as at the date of issuance of such Additional Bonds;
(c) the Issuer meets the Incurrence Test; and
(d) the aggregate Nominal Amount of Bonds, including Additional Bonds issued under a
Tap Issue does not Exceed the Maximum Issue Amount.

7

REPRESENTATIONS A¡(D WARRANTIES

The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 (Representations
and warranties), in respect of itself and in respect of each Obligor to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and

circumstances then existing:

(a) on the date of these Bond Terms;

(b) at the Issue Date;

(c) on each date of disbursement of proceeds from the Escrow Account; and

(d) at the date of issuance of any Additional Bonds.

7.1

Status

It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on

its business as it is being conducted.

7.2 Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to
authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of these Bond Terms and any other
Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance
Documents.

7.3

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

These Bond Terms and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or

will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding
obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for
therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are
necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it'

7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations The ehtry into and performance by it of this Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to
which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict
with:
(a) any law orregulation orjudicial orofficial order;

22 (s2)

(b) its constitutional documents; or (c) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

7.5

Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings'

notarizations or registrations required:

(a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under these
Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and

(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by these Bond
Terms,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

7.6 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the
best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its
Subsidiaries.

7.7

Financial Reports

Its most recent Annual Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately

represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and

have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

7.8 No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of its most recent Annual Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.9 No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the
purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

7.10 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under these Bond
Terms.

7.tt Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it
is a party rank at least pari passø as set out in Clause 2.4.

23 (s2)

7.12 No Event of Default
No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the issuance of the Bonds or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, these Bond Terms or the other
Finance Documents.

7.13 Transaction Security No Security over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict the Bond Terms will upon release from the Escrow Account exist. .

8.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BOI\DS

8.1

Covenant to pay

(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee

and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms

of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond

Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other

payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.

(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no
specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the
CSD.

(c) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the
Bondholders under these Bond Terms will be deemed to have been made to each
Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account
nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD. If
the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the
Bondholder in question.

(d) If a Payment Date or a date for other payments to the Bondholders pursuant to the
Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant cuffency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the
payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such
payment in the relevant Finance Document.

8.2 Default interest
(a) Default interest will accrue on any Overdue Amount from and including the Payment
Date on which it was first due to and excluding the date on which the payment is made at the Interest Rate plus an additional three (3) per cent. per annum.
(b) Default interest accrued on any Overdue Amount pursuant to this Clause 8.2 (Default
interest) will be added to the Overdue Amount on each Interest Payment Date until the Overdue Amount and default interest accrued thereon have been repaid in full.

24 (52)

(c) Upon the occuffence of a Listing Failure Event, any principal amount outstanding
under these Bonds Terms shall be considered an Overdue Amount in accordance with
paragraph (a) above for as long as such Listing Failure Event is continuing.

8.3

Partial payments

(a) If the Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee receives a payment that is insufficient to

discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents (a "Partial

Payment"), such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the lssuer's debt under the

Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the lssuer in the

following order of priorþ:

(Ð firstly, towards any outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses of the Bond
Trustee (and any Security Agent);

(iÐ secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid; and

(iiÐ thirdly, towards any principal amount due but unpaid.

(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Partial Payment which is distributed to the
Bondholders shall, subject to paragraph (c) below, be applied pro rata pursuant to the
procedures of the CSD towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid and of
any principal amount due but unpaid.

(c) A Bondholders' Meeting can only resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment
will be reduced if there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due,
however, the meeting may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall
be reduced without a coresponding reduction of principal.

8.4 Taxation
(a) The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable
law on any payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Issuer shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance
Documents:
(i) gross up the amount of the payment due from the it up to such amount which is
necessary to ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal
to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been
required; and
(iD at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the
required tax deduction or withholding has been made.
(c) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by
the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

25 (s2)

8.5 Currency
(a) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the
denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds). If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank
account connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD, any cash settlement may
be exchanged and credited to this bank account.
(b) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to
be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its account manager in the
CSD) within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any
cunency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the
Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be
delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has
taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penaþ shall accrue for
the account ofthe Issuer for such delay.

8.6

Set-off and counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment

obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

Calculation of interest

(a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal
Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the

Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.

(b) Interest will accrue on the Nominal Amount of any Additional Bond for each Interest
Period starting with the Interest Period commencing on the Interest Payment Date
immediately prior to the issuance of the Additional Bonds (or, if the date of the
issuance is not an Interest Payment Date and there is no Interest Payment Date prior to
such date of issuance, starting with the Interest Period commencing on the Issue Date).

(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actuaU360-days
basis). The Interest Rate will be reset at each Interest Quotation Day by the Bond Trustee, who will notiff the Issuer and the Paying Agent and, if the Bonds are listed,
the Exchange, of the new lnterest Rate and the actual number of calendar days for the
next Interest Period.

(d) Any interpolation of the interest rate will be quoted with the number of decimals
corresponding to the quoted number of decimals of the Reference Rate.

9.2 Payment of Interest
Interest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period and, with respect to accrued interest on the principal amount then due and payable, on
each Repayment Date.

26 (52)

10. REDEMPTION AI\D REPT'RCHASE OF BOI\DS
10.1 Redemption of Bonds The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
10.2 Voluntary early redemption - Call Option
(a) The Issuer may redeem all or parts of the Outstanding Bonds (the "Call Option") on
any Business Day from and including:
(D the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to the
Make-Whole Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(iÐ the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in September
2020 ata price equal to 102 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed
Bond;
(iiÐ the lnterest Payment Date falling in September 2020, but not including, the
Maturþ Date at a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each
redeemed Bond; and
(iv) if refinanced with a bond issue, the date falling 2 months prior to the Maturþ
Date to, but not including the Maturþ Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of
the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond.
In addition to such amounts payable under (i) - (iv) above, the Issuer shall pay accrued
and unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds.
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based
upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date'
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee
and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20), Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall speciff the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make-
Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call
Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make-Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders
in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event
(a) Upon the occuffence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the
"Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued
and unpaid interest).
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issuer has
given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has
27 (s2)

occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders
right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to
the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager
for the CSD, who will notiff the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth (5th) Business Day after the end of the 60
calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent. of the Outstanding Bonds have been
repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the
price stated in paragraph (a) above by notiffing the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) calendar days after the Put Option
Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the fifteenth (15û) calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event
If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4
(Ta,ration) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond
Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20)
Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than sixty (60) days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date
In the event that the conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.I (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) for release of funds from the Escrow Account have not been fulfilled within the Longstop Date, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days thereafter (with the Longstop Date being the Record Date) redeem the Bonds at a price of 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus accrued interest, by inter alia applying the
funds deposited on the Escrow Account for such redemption.
11. PI'RCHASE AITD TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer and the Group Companies may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained or sold in the Issuer's sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
tt.2 Restrictions
(a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable
local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee
shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each
Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and
regulations at its own cost and expense.
28 (s2)

(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may,
notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer
shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such
Bondholder.
12. IIIF'ORMATION UNDERTAKINGS
t2.l Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and
make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of
the financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them
available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than sixty (60) days after the end of the
relevant interim period.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its
Financial Reports pursuant to Clause l2.l (Financial Reports), however only once for
each relevant reporting period, a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the Financial Report attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Issuer, certifuing i.a. that the Financial Statements are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of those financial statements.
(b) The Financial Reports shall specifically include, for the Relevant Period, EBITDA and
Net Interest Bearing Debt (and otherwise as required under the Incurrence Test) in
respect of the Group.
(c) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1
(Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.
12.3 Put Option Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Put Option Event has occurred.
12.4 Information : Miscellaneous
The Issuer shall:
(a) promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default or any event or
circumstance which the Issuer understands or could reasonably be expected to
understand may lead to an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to
remedy it);
(b) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds (to the best
of its knowledge, having made due and appropriate enquiries);
29 (s2)

(c) send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but
not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's
share capital or equity;
(d) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices
to the Exchange;
(e) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating
ofthe Bonds, and any changes to such rating;
(Ð inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the CSD; and
(g) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's and the Group's
business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
12.5 Information undertaking regarding Incurrence Test The Issuer shall upon any event requiring the application ofthe Incurrence Test prepare (in reasonable detail) computations evidencing compliance with Clause 13.11 (Incunence Test)
as at such date.
13. GENERAL AI{D FINANCIAL TINDERTAKINGS
The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group
Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 13 (General and
/ìnancial Undertakings).
13.1 Compliancewith laws
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, comply in all
material respects with all laws and regulations to which it may be subject from time to time, if failure so to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.2 Continuation of business and Corporate Status The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature of the business
carried on by the Group at the Issue Date (and for the avoidance ofdoubt, any extension of
the business of the Group into businesses similar or complimentary to the business previously conducted, shall not constitute a material change for the purposes of this undertaking). The Issuer shall not change its type oforganisation orjurisdiction ofincorporation.
13.3 Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, make any
Distribution other than any Permitted Distribution.
13.4 Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving a consolidation
of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
30 (s2)

13.5 I)e-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall make sure that no Material Group Companies will, carry out
if any de-merger or other co¡porate reorganisation involving splitting the Issuer or any of the
Material Group Companies into two or more separate companies or entities, such
transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notifu the Trustee of any
such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for
believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.6 Financial Indebtedness
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure
that no other Group Company will, incur any additional Financial Indebtedness or
maintain or prolong any existing Financial Indebtedness.
(b) Paragraph (a) above shall not prohibit the Issuer and any Group Company to incur,
maintain or prolong any Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
13.7 Negative pledge
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure
that no other Group Company will, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any Security over any ofits/their assets (whether present or future) to secure
any loan or other indebtedness.
(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Security.
13.8 Financial support
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, no member of the Group shall directly
or indirectly make or gtant any loans, grant any credit or give any guarantee or
indemnity to or for the benefit of any person or group or otherwise voluntary assume any financial liability, whether actual or contingent, in respect of any other person or group, not being a member of the Group.
(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Financial support.
13.9 Disposals
(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, sell, transfer
or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (including shares or other securities in any person) or operations (other than to the Issuer or any of its wholly-
owned Subsidiaries), unless such sale, transfer or disposal is carried out in the ordinary course of business or in accordance with the overall strategy of the Group and would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to release existing Transaction Security of any
resigning Obligor in connection with any disposal permitted under paragraph (a)
above, and (to the extent applicable) re-establish similar Transaction Security pursuant to these Bond Terms subject to such procedures and closing mechanisms as the Bond Trustee shall determine in its discretion.
3l (52)

13.10

Designation of Material Group Companies
(a) The Issuer shall nominate, subject to the Security Principles, as Material Group
Companies such Group Companies as are necessary to ensure that the Issuer and the Material Group Companies in aggregate account for at least 80 per cent. of the Group's
EBITDA and total assets; and

(b) The Issuer shall ensure, subject to the Security Principles, that a Group Company
whose assets or EBITDA constitutes more than 10 per cent. of the Group's assets or EBITDA on a consolidated basis (in respect of EBITDA based on the preceding four
financial quarters) shall be nominated as a Material Group Company,

(c) If the aggregate EBITDA of all the Material Group Companies as determined pursuant
to paragraph (a) above is less than 80 per cent. of the consolidated EBITDA or assets of the Group, the Group Company with the greatest EBITDA or assets which is not a
Material Company shall, subject to the Security Principles, become a Material
Company, and this process shall be repeated until such 80 per cent. threshold is
att¿ined. If a Group Company has been acquired since the date at which the latest
Financial Statements of the Group were prepared, the financial statements shall be deemed to be adjusted in order to take into account the acquisition of that Group
Company.

(d) The Issuer shall prior to release of funds from the Escrow Account and thereafter once
every year (simultaneously with the delivery to the Bond Trustee of the yearly audited accounts of the Group) and upon acquisition of material assets by a Group Company
nominate Material Group Companies in accordance with paragraph (a), (b) and (c)
above.

(e) The Issuer shall ensure that each Material Group Company no later than sixty (60)
days after its nomination provide Transaction Security in accordance with the Security
Principles.

(Ð The identity of the Material Group Companies nominated by the Issuer in accordance
with this Clause 13.10 shall be listed in the compliance certificate to be provided to the Bond Trustee in accordance with Clause 12 (Information undertakings).

13.11

Incurrence Test
(a) The lncurrence Test is met if the:
(i) Leverage Ratio is not greater than 4.00x; and
(iÐ Interest Cover Ratio is greater tlìan 3.00x.
(b) The calculation of the ratios in (i) and (ii) above shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no earlier than one (l) month prior to the event
relevant for the application of the lncurrence Test. The Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but include any new Financial Indebtedness incurred under any Tap Issue in respect ofwhich the Incurrence Test is
applied (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of such new
Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt).

32 (52)

(c) The figures for the EBITDA for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the
period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that:
(i) entities, assets or operations acquired or disposed of by the Group during the
Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period; and
(iÐ any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from a Tap Issue shall be included,
pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period.

13.12

Acquisitions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, acquire any
company, shares, securities, business or undertaking (or any interest in any of them), unless
the transaction is carried out at arm's length terms and provided that it does not have a
Material Adverse Effect.

13.13

Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no member of the Group shall, engage in,
directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (other than between the Issuer and a Guarantor or between two or more Guarantors) except on arm's length terms.

t3.14

Insurance
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies will, maintain insurances or captive arrangements on and in relation to its business and assets against those risks and to the extent as is usual for companies carrying on the s¿rme or substantially similar business.

13.15

Subsidiary distribution
The Issuer shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or make
other distributions to its shareholders, other than permitting to subsist such contractual obligation which is not reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its
payment obligations under the Bond Terms.

13.16 Intellectualproperty
(a) The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies:
(Ð preserve and maintain the subsistence and validþ of the Intellectual Property
which are material in order for the Group to conduct its business;

(iÐ use reasonable endeavours to prevent infringement in any material respect of any
Intellectual Property which is material for the Group to conduct its business,

however, it shall be free to deal with those assets in the ordinary course of its business
(including, without limitation, allowing its Intellectual Property to lapse if no longer

33 (s2)

material to its business) until an Event of Default has occurred which is continuing and for which notice has been served by the Trustee.
13.17 Financialcovenants
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group's Cash (on a consolidated basis) at all times is no less than NOK 35,000,000.
The above minimum Cash financial covenant shall be tested at the last day of each quarter
and be confirmed upon delivery of each compliance certificate with reference to that
preceding quarter.
14. EVENTS OF DEF'AULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS
t4.l Events of Default Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 14.1 shall constitute an Event of
Default:
(a) Non-payment
The lssuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents when such amount is due for payment, unless:
(Ð its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error in payment
systems or the csD and payment is made within five (5) Business Days
following the original due date; or
(iÐ in the discretion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer has substantiated that it is likely
that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following
the original due date.
(b) Breach of other obligations
The lssuer does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents other than set out under paragraph (a) (Non-pøyment) above, unless such failure is capable of
being remedied and is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days after the earlier of
the Issuer's actual knowledge thereof, or notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Misrepresentation
Any representation, warranty or st¿tement (including statements in Compliance
Certifîcates) made under or in connection with any Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or
deemed to have been made, unless the circumstances giving rise to the
misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within twenty (20) Business
Days of the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer
becoming aware of such misrepresentation.
34 (s2)

(d) Cross default

If for the Issuer and any Material Group Company:
(Ð any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any applicable
grace period; or
(iÐ any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and
payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iiÐ any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a
creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and
payable prior to its specified maturþ as a result of an event of default (however
described),
provided however that the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above
exceeds a total of NOK 10,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency).
(e) Insolvency and insolvency proceedings

The Issuer or any Material Group Company is:

(Ð Insolvent; or

(ii) is object ofany corporate action or any legal proceedings is taken in relation to

(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness,
winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of
voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than
a solvent liquidation or reorganization; or

(B)

a composition, compromise, assignment or affangement with any

creditor which may materially impair its abilþ to perform its

obligations under these Bond Terms; or

(c) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator,
compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(D) enforcement of any Security over any of its or their assets having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph
14.2 (d) (Cross default) above; or

(E)

for (A) - (D) above, any analogous procedure or step is taken in any

jurisdiction in respect of any such company,

3s (s2)

however this shall not apply to any petition which is frivolous or vexatious and
is discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty (20) Business Days of
commencement.
A Creditor's process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of the Issuer and any Material Group Company having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.1 (d) (Cross default) above and is not discharged within twenty (20) Business Days.
(g) Unlatufulness
It is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations
under the Finance Documents to the extent this may materially impair:
(Ð the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(ii) the ability of the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent to exercise any material
right or power vested to it under the Finance Documents.
14.2 Acceleration of the Bonds
If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, or upon instruction received from the
Bondholders pursuant to Clause 14.3 (Bondholders' instructions) below, by serving a Default Notice:
(a) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other
amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable on demand at which time they shall become immediately due and payable on demand by the Bond Trustee;
(b) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other
amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable; andlor
(c) exercise or direct the Security Agent to exercise any or all of its rights, remedies,
powers or discretions under the Finance Documents or take such further measures as are necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents.
14.3 Bondholders' instructÍons The Bond Trustee shall serve a Default Notice pursuant to Clause I4.2 (Acceleration of the
Bonds) if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing from Bondholders representing a
simple majorþ of the Voting Bonds, that an Event of Default shall be declared, and a
Bondholders'Meeting has not made a resolution to the contrary; or
(b) the Bondholders'Meeting, by a simple majority decision, has approved the declaration
of an Event of Default.
36 (52)

14.4 Calculation of claim The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of the serving of a
Default Notice will be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) as applicable at the following dates (and regardless of the Default
Repayment Date set out in the Default Notice):
(i) for any Event of Default arising out of a breach of Clause l4.l (Events of
DeÍault) paragraph (a) (Non-payment), the claim will be calculated at the price
applicable at the date when such Event of Default occurred; and
(ii) for any other Event of Default, the claim will be calculated at the price
applicable at the date when the Default Notice was served by the Bond Trustee.
15. BOIIDHOLDERS' DECISIONS
15.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting may, on behalf of the Bondholders, resolve to alter any of
these Bond Terms, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion ofthe Bonds into other capital classes.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain
Bondholders an unreasonable advantage atthe expense ofother Bondholders.
(c) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause
16.1 (Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the
Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(d) At least 50 per cent. of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders'
Meeting for a quorum to be present.
(e) Resolutions will be passed by simple majorþ of the Voting Bonds represented at the
Bondholders'Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (f) below.
(Ð Save for any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to
Clause 77.1 (Procedure for amendments and waivers) paragraph (a), section (i) and (ii), a majority of at least 213 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment of any provisions of
these Bond Terms, including a change of Issuer and change of Bond Trustee.
15.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in
writing of:
(Ð the Issuer;
(iÐ Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iiD the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so
pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
37 (s2)

(iv) the Bond Trustee.
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business
Days after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant
to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders'
Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days
prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD.
If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in
accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the
Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders'
Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the
Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the
Bondholders' Meeting.
(Ð By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from
acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause l0 (Redemption and Repurchase of Bonds).
(g) A Bondholders'Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if
paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders'Meeting,
chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders'
Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by
the Bondholders' Meeting.
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the
Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power ofafforney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a ooRepresentative"). The chair of the Bondholders'Meeting may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders'Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the
chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will decide who may attend the Bondholders'
Meeting and exercise voting rights.
38 (52)

(Ð Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The
Bondholders' Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any
person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from
participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
CI) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the
instruction of, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions
passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the chair of the Bondholders'
Meeting and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon
request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are
notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
(l) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a
Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting,
including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
15.3 Voting rules
(a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may
cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause
3.3 (Bondholders' rights). The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may, in its sole
discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting
shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's
Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 15 (Bondholders' decisions), a Bondholder that has a
Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3
(Bondholders' rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee.
No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant
evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights) stating that
it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of
its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote
by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will have
the deciding vote.
3e (s2)

15.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting
(a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 75.1 (Authority of the
Bondholders' Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial
Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten (10) Business Days of that Bondholders'
Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 15 .1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting), Clause 75.2 (Procedure þr arranging a
Bondholders' Meeting) and Clause 15.3 (Voting rules) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set
out in paragraph (d) of Clause l5.l (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders'
Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original
Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 15.5 (Ilritten
Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 15.2 (Procedure for arranging a
Bondholders' Meeting) and vice versa.
15.5 Written Resolutions
(a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 15.1 (Authority of the Bondholders'
Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution
passed with the relevant majorþ is as valid as if it had been passed by the
Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant
matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in
the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.
(d) The provisions set out in Clause l5.l (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting), 15.2
(Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting), Clause 15.3 (Voting Rules) and Clause 15.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a
Written Resolution, except that:
(i) the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 15.2 (Procedure for
arranging Bondholders' Meetings); or
40 (52)

(iÐ provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause
| 5.5 (Written Resolution),

shall not apply to a Written Procedure.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including
instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(iD the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes
necessary in order for the rWritten Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3)
Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 15 .4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons.
(Ð Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record
Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond
Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders'rights), will be counted in the Written
Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or
paragraph (f) of Clause l5.l (. uthority of Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also not be passed if the sufficient numbers of
negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting
Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes
shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a
decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in
paragraphs (d) to (Ð of Clause 15.l (Authority of Bondholders' Meeting).

16.

THE BOITD TRUSTEE

16.1 Power to represent the Bondholders
(a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the
Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document,
without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The
Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or
other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.

4t (s2)

(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such
documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its
and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance
Documents.
16.2 The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance
Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the
Issuer or any other Obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or
enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the
indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers
necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions
received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond
Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties
under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on
separated accounts.
(Ð The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are
properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other
Finance Document, or any applicable law.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the
Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its
reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(h) If the cost, loss or liabilþ which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable
fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(D complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or
(iD taking any action at its own initiative,
42 (s2)

will not, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be covered by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) of Clause 16.4 (Liability and
indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such
instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably
require.
(Ð The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its
obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
ú) The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount
in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
16.3 Equality and conflicts of interest
(a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an
unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall,
when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of
the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for
several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
16.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity
(a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by
any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the
Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the
Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information
provided to the Bondholders by or on behalfofthe Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has:
(Ð acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts;
or
(iÐ acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Bond Trustee considers that it
is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay any action.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemniff the Bond Trustee fully in respect of all
losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence
43 (s2)

by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance
Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with
the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance
Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the
Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in
connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and
liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's
obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in
the Bond Trustee Agreement.
(Ð The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external
experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of
investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee
reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due to an Event of Default, the Issuer being Insolvent or similar
circumstances pertaining to the Obligors, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses
incurred by the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent in connection therewith. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar anangement) or from
other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Transaction Security, and to set-off and cover any such costs and
expenses from those funds.
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not
limited to, instructions set out in Clause I4.3 (Bondholders' instructions) or Clause
15.2 (Procedure for aranging a Bondholders' Meeting)), the Bond Trustee may
require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that
instruction and/or who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.
16.s Replacement of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 15
(Bondholders' Decision), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond
Trustee without the Issuer's approval.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in
which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 16.5 (Replacement of the Bond Trustee), initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
44 (s2)

(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its
obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this
Clause 16.5 (Replacement of the Bond Trustee).The Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a)
above.
(d) The change of Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary
actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such
effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take
whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any
benefits under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners
without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and
release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance
Documents and any other documents.
16.6 Security Agent
(a) The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bonds, unless any other
person is appointed. The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties and monitoring compliance by
the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under the
Transaction Security Documents with respect to the Transaction Security on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall, when acting as Security Agent for the Bonds, at all times
maintain and keep all certificates and other documents received by it, that are bearers
of right relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody on behalf of the
Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for or required to insure
against any loss incurred in connection with such safe custody.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer
shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a
Security Agent Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the
Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other party to a Finance Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters, whether or not a separate Security Agent Agreement has been entered into.
4s (s2)

(e) The provisions set out in Clause 16.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnifl) shall apply
mutatis mutandis to any expenses and liabilities of the Security Agent in connection with the Finance Documents.
t7. AMENDMENTS AÌ\ID WAIVERS
t7.t Procedure for amendments and waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to
amend the Finance Documents or waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the
Bondholders in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of
rectiffing obvious effors and mistakes; or
(iÐ such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a
decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in
accordance with Clause 15 (Bondholders' Decisions).
(b) Any changes to these Bond Terms necessary or appropriate in connection with the
appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee shall be documented in
an amendment to these Bond Terms, signed by the Bond Trustee (in its discretion). If
so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Transaction Security Documents shall
be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Securþ (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with
such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
17.2 Authority with respect to documentation If the Bondholders have resolved the substance of an amendment to any Finance Document, without resolving on the specific or final form of such amendment, the Bond Trustee shall be
considered authorised to draft, approve and/or finalise (as applicable) any required documentation or any outstanding matters in such documentation without any further
approvals or involvement from the Bondholders being required.
17.3 Notification of amendments or waivers The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notiff the Bondholders of any amendments or
waivers made in accordance with this Clause l7 (Amendments and waivers), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly
registered with the CSD.
18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 Limitation of claims All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will
be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
46 (s2)

18.2 Access to information
(a) These Bond Terms will be made available to the public and copies may be obtained
from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee will not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or any other person, and the Bondholders have no right to obtain information from the Bond Trustee, other than as explicitly stated in these Bond Terms or pursuant to statutory provisions of law.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond
Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds,
as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
(c) The information referred to in paragraph (b) above may only be used for the purposes
of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
18.3 Notices, contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such no-tice or communication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from
the CSD.
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders
via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (ifthe Bonds are listed).
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in
connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be
given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(Ð if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevantparty;
(iD if by e-mail, when received; and
(iiÐ if by fax, when received.
(c) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall each ensure that the other party is kept informed
of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact
persons.
(d) When determining deadlines set out in these Bond Terms, the following will apply
(unless otherwise stated):
(i) if the deadline is set out in days, the first day of the relevant period will not be
included and the last day of the relevant period will be included;
(iÐ if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline will end on the
day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number
47 (s2)

corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. Ifsuch day is not a part ofan actual month, the deadline will be the last day of such month; and
(iii) if a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is
postponed to the next Business Day.
18.4 Defeasance
(a) Subjectto paragraph (b) below and provided that:
(i) An amount sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the
Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (including, to the extent applicable, any
premium payable upon exercise of the Call Option), and always subject to paragraph (c) below (the "Defeasance Amount") is credited by the Issuer to an
account in a financial institution acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the
"I)efeasance Account");
(iÐ the Defeasance Account is irrevocably pledged and blocked in favour of the
Bond Trustee on such terms as the Bond Trustee shall request (the "Defeasance Pledge"); and
(iiÐ the Bond Trustee has received such legal opinions and statements reasonably
required by it, including (but not necessarily limited to) with respect to the validþ and enforceability of the Defeasance Pledge,
then;
(i) the Issuer will be relieved from its obligations under Clause 12.2
(Requirements as to Financial Reports) paragraph (a), Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event), Clause 12.4 (Inþrmation: miscellaneozs) and Clause 13 (General and Jìnanc ial undertakings);
(ii) any Transaction Security shall be released and the Defeasance Pledge
shall be considered replacement of the Transaction Security; and
(iiÐ any Obligor shall be released from any Guarantee or other obligation
applicable to it under any Finance Document.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to apply any amount credited to the Defeasance
Account towards any amount payable by the Issuer under any Finance Document on the due date for the relevant payment until all obligations of the Issuer and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents are repaid and discharged in full.
(c) The Bond Trustee may, if the Defeasance Amount cannot be finally and conclusively
determined, decide the amount to be deposited to the Defeasance Account in its
discretion, applying such buffer amount as it deems required.
A defeasance established according to this Clause 18.4 may not be reversed.
48 (s2)

19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
19.1 Governing law These Bond Terms are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
19.2 Main jurisdiction
The Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that the City Court of the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond
Terms. The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms against the Issuer or any of its assets may be brought in such court.
19.3 Alternative jurisdiction Clause 19 (Governíng Iøw and jurisdiction) is for the exclusive benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right:
(a) to commence proceedings against the Issuer or any other Obligor or its/their respective
assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and
(b) to commence such proceedings, including enforcement proceedings, in any competent
jurisdiction concurrently.
-----000-----
These Bond Terms have been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall retain one each.

SIGNATT]RES:

As Bond Trustee and Security Agent:

AS

Nordic Trustee ASA

sv'loH Tt r¡eþt4p¡u

4 Position: 6Y Ê,rt /

aA" ¡.¡r,,

ø/ú
By: 'T¡ç,r'OV-ìt¿' lqw7
Position

4e (s2)

SCHEDULE l
COMPLIANCE CERTTFICATE

Nordic TrusteeASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: E-mail:

+ 47 2287 94 l0
mail@trustee.no [date]

Care Bidco AS FRN Senior Secured Bonds NOK 700,000,000 201712021

We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee ASA as
Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause [3a] of
the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued in connection with each delivery of Financial
Statements to the Bond Trustee.

This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [o]. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms.

With reference to Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) we hereby certifr that all
information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last
accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. Copies of our latest consolidated
[Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.
With reference to Clause 13.10 (Designation of Material Group Companies) we hereby nominate the following Material Group Companies:
tl

We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur

Yours faithfully, CARE BIDCO AS

Name of authorised person Enclosure: Financial Statements; [and any other written documentation]

50 (52)

SCHEDULE 2
RELEASE NOTICE - ESCRO}V ACCOT]NT

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: E-mail:

+4722879410
mail@trustee.no

[date]

Care Bidco AS FRN Senior Secured Bonds NOK 700,000'000 201712021

We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Terms, and request you to
instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

EscrowAccount no.

Currency NOK

Amount

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is
likely to occur as a result of the release from the Escrow Account, and (ii) we repeat the
representations and warranties set out in the Bond Terms as being still true and accurate in all material
respects at the date hereof.
Yours faithfully,
CARE BIDCO AS

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

sl (52)

SCHEDULE 3 SECI]RITY PRINCIPLES
(a) Security will be given by a Group Company to the extent such company is or becomes
a Material Group Company, over such types of assets or asset classes provided as securþ under the Pre-Disbursement Security paragraphs (iii) - (vii).
(b) General statutory and customary limitations (e.g. financial assistance, corporate benefit
and retention of title claims) may limit the ability of a Material Group Company to provide security or require that such securþ is limited by an amount or otherwise.
(c) Material Group Companies will not be required to give guarantees or enter into
security documents if it would conflict with the fiduciary duties of their directors or
contravene any legal prohibition or result in a material risk of personal or criminal liability on the part of any officer provided that the relevant Material Group Company
must use reasonable endeavours to overcome any such obstacle.
(d) Any assets subject to pre-existing third pafi anangements which are permitted by the
Finance Documents or any other contractual restrictions on assignments or absence of necessary regulations, registrations or similar, and which prevent those assets from being charged, will be excluded from any relevant securþ document but the Material
Group Companies must use reasonable endeavours to obtain consent to charging any such assets if the relevant asset is material.
(e) Security documents shall operate to create security rather than to impose any new
commercial obligations or restrictions on use of the assets in the relevant Material
Group Company's ordinary course of business prior to an event of default (i.e.
blocking, transfer of title or similar) and shall, accordingly, not contain additional or duplicate representations or undertakings to those contained in the Finance Documents
unless required for the creation, perfection, effectiveness or preservation of the
security.
(Ð Guarantees and security will not be required from or over the assets of any company
partly owned (directly or indirectly) by the Issuer or of joint venture or similar
arrangement in which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, holds a minority interest.
(g) The Bond Trustee shall only be able to exercise any powers of attorney (including, but
not limited to, in respect of voting rights appertaining to any shares) granted under any
security document or have the right to receive any dividends if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Bond Trustee has given notice of its intention to exercise such powers of attorney, voting rights or dividend rights (as applicable), upon
which such rights may no longer be exercised by the relevant pledgor.
s2 (52)

