ISINNO 001 029912.6
LOAN AGREEMENT between
DDI Holding AS (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of Bondholders in bond issue
9.3 per cent DDI Holding AS Bond Issue 2006/2012 with Call Option

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

5

3 Listing

6

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

6

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

6

6. Conditions Precedent

7

7 Representations and Warranties

7

8 Status of the Loan and negative pledge

8

9 Interest

8

10 Maturity of the Loan, call option and mandatory repayment

8

11 Interest in the event of late payment

12

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

12

13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan

12

14 Fees and expenses

13

15 Events of Default

14

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

15

17 Procedural rules

17

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

19

19 Change of Bondholder's representative

15

20 Limitation

20

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

20

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 13, January 2006 between DDI Holding AS (Company No 988 689 068) as Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as Loan Trustee.
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
) |(
The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Assignment of Insurances: assignments of insurances to be taken out related to a Rig, in favor of the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, on first priority.

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Bondholders:

the holders of the bonds.

Borrower's Bonds:

bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Borrower Group

The Borrower, its subsidiaries Deep Drilling 2 Pte. Ltd., Deep Drilling 1Pte. Ltd. and Kristiansand, always provided that if and when any of these companies cease to own a Rig and a mandatory prepayment under Clause 10.3 (i) has been carried out, such company shall no longer be part of the Borrower Group.

Call Option

shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 10.2.

3

Norsk TillitsmannASA

Construction Contracts:

construction contracts for the Rigs, dated 16 January 2004 in respect of the PPL Rig and 15 January 2005 in respect of the KFELS Rig, as amended from time to time.

Disbursement Date:

shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 2.1.

Escrow Account:

account pledged and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and in which the Bank where the Escrow Account is held has waived any set-off rights.

Exchange:

securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.

Interest Payment Date:

a date for interest payment, being 19 January and 19 June each year. If Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day.

KFELS Rig:

thejack-up drilling rig being constructed on the Keppel FELS shipyard in Singapore as Hull No. B263 (with expected delivery in April 2006) to be owned by Deep Drilling 2 Pte. Ltd., a 100 per cent owned subsidiary of Deep Drilling Invest Pte. Ltd., a Singapore company being a 100% subsidiary of the Borrower.

Kristiansand:

KristiansandDrilling Pte. Ltd., a Singapore company owned 82% by Sembawang Shipyard Pte. Ltd. and 18% by Deep Drilling 1Pte. Ltd., a Singapore company being a 100% subsidiary of Deep Drilling Invest Pte. Ltd., a Singapore company being a 100% subsidiary of the Borrower.

Mortgages:

cross collateralized first priority mortgages over the Rigs in the amount of USD 280,000,000, in favor of the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders.

Operation Contracts:

operation contracts, or letter of intent for operation contracts, for the Rigs.

Outstanding Loan:

Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

PPL Mortgage:

the first priority mortgage over the PPL Rig in the amount of USD 280,000,000 (in favor of the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders)

PPL Option Release Date: date for release of amount from Escrow Account for exercise of the PPL Option.

4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

PPL Option:

an option where the Borrower's 100per cent owned subsidiary Deep Drilling 1 Pte. Ltd. currently holding an 18% shareholding interest in Kristiansand has the right to acquire the remaining 82% of the shares in Kristiansand (from Sembawang Shipyard Pte. Ltd.) prior to delivery of the PPL Rig from the PPL shipyard.

PPL Rig:

thejack-up drilling rig being constructed on the PPL shipyard in Singapore as Hull No. 2006 (with expected delivery in April 2006) to be owned by Kristiansand.

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.

Rigs:

the PPL Rig and the KFELS Rig.

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirregisteret ("VPS").

Securities Depository Act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of bonds at a maximum amount of USD 280,000,000 (US dollar two hundred eighty million), herein referred to as "the Loan".
The bonds will be in denominations of USD 1 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "9.3 % DDI Holding AS Bond Issue 2006/2012 with Call Option".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be: NO 001 029912.6.
The term of the Loan is from and including 19 January 2006 (the "Disbursement Date") to 19 January 2012.
The net proceeds of the Loan will be employed firstly for financing of remaining payments related to the Rigs, including payments to the construction yards under the Construction Contracts and payments relating to acquiring the remaining shares of Kristiansand under the PPL Option, and secondly for general corporate purposes.

5

3 Listing 3.1 The Loan will be applied for listing on Oslo Bors

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders'interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfillment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - keep the security on behalf of the Bondholders, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as `Bondholder'srepresentative, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfill its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.

6

Norsk TillitsmannASA
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
6. Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least three Banking days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly signed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the bonds and sign the Loan Agreement,
(c) certified copies of the Articles of Association of the Borrower and documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(d) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmationthatthe subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian Law,
(e) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(f) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(g) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly signed,
(h) duly signed guarantee from Sinvest ASA in accordance with Clause 10.3, together with documentationmentioned in (b) and (c) above for Sinvest ASA,
(i) evidence for establishment of the security over the Escrow Account, and,
(j) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan.
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out in Clause 6.1 above, the net proceeds of the Loan will transferred to the Escrow Account.
6.3 Funds shall be released from the Escrow Account related to delivery of the Rigs, as set forth in Clause 8.3, concurrently with the Loan Trustee receiving:
(a) registration of the Mortgages in the relevant register,
1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) evidence that insurance of the Rigs has been arranged satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, and that the Loan Trustee is notified as beneficiary pursuant to a satisfactory assignment of insurance arrangement,
(c) the Assignment of Insurances arrangement duly signed by the parties thereto, and
(d) a legal opinion from the Borrower's external lawyer(s) in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee in respect of the security for the Loan, as required by the Loan Trustee.
6.4 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to Clauses 6.1 to 6.3 (inclusive) above.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that:
1(a) all documents and information, including the term sheet and loan description in connection with this Loan presents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower which could have a material adverse change on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Loan Agreement,
(b) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower Group in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid and
(c) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan
8.1 The Loan shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior debt of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 Until delivery of the Rigs, the Loan shall be secured by a pledge of the Escrow Account. Following delivery of a Rig, the Loan shall be secured by a Mortgage over such Rig.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
8.3 The funds on the Escrow Account shall be released by the Loan Trustee to the Borrower as follows:
(i) 50% of the amount on the Escrow Account shall be released in connection with delivery of the first of the Rigs (expected to be the PPL Rig) and the establishment of a first priority mortgage in the amount of USD 280,000,000 over this Rig in favour of the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders.
(ii) 50% of the amount on the Escrow Account (or the remaining 50 % of the amount transferred to the Escrow Account) shall be released in connection with delivery of the second Rig (expected to be the KFELS Rig) and the establishment of a first priority mortgage in the amount of USD 280,000,000 over this Rig in favour of the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders.
(iii) If the PPL Option is exercised and completed prior to the delivery of the PPL Rig, the Borrower may request an amount of up to USD 92,000,000 to be released from the Escrow Account for the purpose of financing the purchase of shares under the PPL Option, against establishment of a first priority pledge in 100% of the shares in Kristiansand (in favor of the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders). Upon such request, the Loan Trustee shall release the requested amount from the Escrow Account to the Borrower. The pledge of the Kristiansand shares shall be substituted by the PPL Mortgage upon delivery of the PPL Rig to Kristiansand from the PPL shipyard.
If no mandatory prepayment takes place according to Clause 10.3, the remaining of the 50 per cent PPL Rig part of the amount of the Escrow Account will be released in connection with delivery of the PPL Rig to Kristiansand from the PPL shipyard and the establishment of the PPL Mortgage. The pledge against the shares in Kristiansand Drilling Pte Ltd and the guarantee by Sinvest ASA according to Clause 10.3 shall be released upon perfection of the PPL Mortgage.
The release of the amounts on the Escrow Account is, in addition to (i), (ii) and (iii) above, also subject to the companies owning the Rigs having entered into Operation Contracts with an expected combined duration of minimum two years (i.e. either if both Rigs have secured a Operation Contract with expected duration of at least one year, or one of the Rigs have secured a Operation Contract with expected duration at least two years the condition is fulfilled).
Before release from the Escrow Account takes place, the Loan Trustee shall receive a written statement from the Borrower's external legal advisor, satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, confirming that the conditions for release are fulfilled, or will be fulfilled upon release.
8.4 The Borrower shall, if the PPL Option is exercised and the delivery of the PPL Rig and establishment of the PPL Mortgage against the PPL Rig is delayed for a period of more than 40 Banking Days after the PPL Option Release Date, procure establishment of a first priority pledge in the Construction Contract for the PPL Rig in favor of the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders. (This pledge shall be substituted into the PPL Mortgage if no mandatory redemption takes place.)

9

%

Norsk TillitsmannASA
9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including Disbursement Date at a fixed rate of 9.3 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made in semiannually arrears on each Interest Payment Dates, the first Interest Payment Date being 19 July 2006.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.

10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and mandatory prepayment

10.1 The Loan shall repaid in installments as follows:
On the Interest Pavment Date in Januarv 2008 On the Interest Payment Date in January 2009 On the Interest Pavment Date in Januarv 2010 On the Interest Payment Date in January 201 1 On the Interest Pavment Date in Januarv 2012

with USD 30.000.000 with USD 30,000,000 with USD 30.000.000 with USD 30,000,000 with USD 160.000,000

10.2 The Borrower may redeem the Remaining Loan or any portion of the Remaining Loan (the "Call Option") as follows (date and price of nominal value):

On the Interest Payment Date in January 2009 at On the Interest Payment Date in January 2010 at On the Interest Payment Date in January 201 1at

105 % plus accrued interest 104% plus accrued interest 103 % plus accrued interest

Should the Borrower exercise the Call Option, the Bondholders must be informed of this in writing via VPS no later than 30 -thirty - Banking days before the date of redemption. Oslo Børs shall immediately be informed.

Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out pro rata between the bonds (by a full repayment of individual bonds, allocated pro rata between the bonds).

Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this sub clause 10.2 shall be used for redemption of the Remaining Loan.

10.3 Mandatory prepayment of the Loan shall take place as follows:

(i) If one of the Rigs or one of the Construction Contracts are sold or disposed during the first three years after Disbursement Date (including cancellation of a Construction Contract and a total loss or total constructive loss of a Rig), the Borrower shall redeem 50 % of all Remaining Loan at a price equal to 108 % of

10

A

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
par value (plus accrued interest). The Borrower may use the entire amount on the Escrow Account for redemption if a Mortgage is established over one of the Rigs, or otherwise use 50 % of the amount on the Escrow Account for redemption.
(ii) If both of the Rigs or Construction Contract or one of the Construction Contracts and one of the Rigs are sold or disposed during the first three years after Disbursement Date (including cancellation of Construction Contract(s) and a total loss or total constructive loss of Rig(s)), the Borrower shall redeem 100% of the Remaining Loan at a price equal to 108 % of par value (plus accrued interest). The Borrower may use the entire amount on the Escrow Account for such redemption.
(iii) If, when the PPL Option is exercised and completed, all matters relevant to establish and perfect the PPL Mortgage on delivery of the PPL Rig, is not successfully completed pursuant to applicable law within 4 0 Banking Days after the PPL Option Release Date, the Borrower shall redeem 100% of the Remaining Loan at a price equal to 108% of par value (plus accrued interest). The Borrower may use the entire amount on the Escrow Account for such redemption.
(iv) If, when the PPL Option is exercised and completed, the delivery of the PPL Rig is delayed and consequently the establishment of the PPL Mortgage against the PPL Rig is not made within 90 Banking Days after the PPL Option Release Date, the Borrower shall redeem 100 % of the Remaining Loan at a price equal to 108 % of par value (plus accrued interest). The Borrower may use the entire amount on the Escrow Account for such redemption.
The Loan Trustee may accept further extensions of the time limits set out in (iii) and (iv) above. If the Construction Contract for the PPL Rig is not terminated, such extensions shall be given unless strong reasons warrants otherwise. Such extension shall also automatically be given if the Construction Contract related to the PPL Rig is in force and the companies owing the Rigs still retain the Operation Contracts referred to in Clause 8.3.
Mandatory prepayment according to (iii) and(iv) above shall be guaranteed by Sinvest ASA (companyNO 983 238 769).
Before release from the Escrow Account takes place, the Loan Trustee shall receive a written statement from the Borrowers external legal advisor, satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, confirming that the conditions for release are fulfilled or will be fulfilled upon release.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out pro rata between the bonds (by a full repayment of individual bonds, allocated pro rata between the bonds).
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this sub clause 10.3 shall be used for redemption of the Remaining Loan.
11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Interest Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2- 15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower'sBonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soonthey are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim report,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower'sfinancial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(g) deliver to the Loan Trustee a compliance certificate confirming fulfilments of the provisions of Clause 13 as soon as the relevant financial statement is prepared and, in any event, no later than 90 days after the end of the relevant fiscal year or 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter (as the case may be),
(h) provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Rigs.
13.2 The Borrower Group shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting subject to Clause 16:
(a) cease to carry on its business,
(b) subject to Clause 10.3 sell or dispose all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature of its business which mightjeopardize the Borrower's fulfillment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, it being understood that (i) the Borrower may carry out such internal restructurings involving the ownership of the Rigs and the companies owning the Rigs, and (ii) the Borrower may carry out such restructurings as are reasonably necessary for the purpose of obtaining Operations Contracts and/or operating a Rig in a particularjurisdictions, always provided (in both instances (i) and (ii)) that such restructurings do not negatively affect the value of the Mortgages as security for the Loan and do notjeopardize the Borrower's fulfillment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(c) subject to Clause 10.3, sell or dispose of, or establish any security over, the Rigs or the Construction Contracts, always provided that the Rigs can be pledged on second priority, with the relationship between the Loan Trustee as mortgagee and the second priority mortgagee being governed by a coordination agreement, in form and substance to be approved by the Loan Trustee.
(d) make any arrangements concerning the Rigs which mightjeopardize the Mortgage or which has a substantial negative effect on the operating ability of the Rigs, or
(e) during the term of the Loan, make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders that constitutes more than, on a consolidated basis, 50% of the Borrower's net profit after taxes for the previous financial year. (For the avoidance of doubt, any un-utilized portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not be carried forward and be distributed in any subsequent calendar year.)
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
13

Norsk TillitsmannASA
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan will be deemed to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) the Borrower shall on any Interest Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under this Loan Agreement; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five Banking Days after the Interest Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under this Loan Agreement and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) any other loan or indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, the Borrower exceeding a total ofNOK ten million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies - is or could be declared due prior to its agreed maturity caused by an event of default by the Borrower,
(d) the Borrower shall enter into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place, or a substantial part of the Borrower's assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint, or
(e) the Borrower has presented the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders with incorrect or incomplete information, which has, or can have significant consequences for the Borrower's obligations, and ability to comply with such, in accordance with the Loan Agreement.

14

Aj k

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest, and cost/expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest, and costs/expenses to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) The Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest, interest on overdue amounts, and cost/expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets,
15

Norsk TillitsmannASA
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 d), provided that:
(a) the changes in the Borrower's corporate structure are not, in thejudgment of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is tree, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholderspresent - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholdermust bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause18.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the bonds represented. If the Bondholderspresent represent 5/10 or more of the Outstanding Loan, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
18

Norsk TillitsmannASA
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
In the event that less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation
20.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979nr. 18.
21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
2 1.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
2 1.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.

Oslo, 13. January 2006

DDI Holding AS Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

20

