NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 0010675671 - 9 per cent Sterling Resources (UK) Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2013/2019
Oslo, 10 May 2016
Completion of Recapitalisation - notice of Bondholder Record Date, suspension of trading of Bonds and expected Closing Date
Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue.
With reference to the bond summons dated 11 March 2016 (the "Bond Summons") and the bondholder resolution made 18 March 2016 (the "Bondholder Resolution"), the Bondholders are hereby informed that the record date on which the Bondholders' pro rata proportion of common shares in Sterling Resources Ltd (the "Common Shares") will be calculated (based on the aggregate principal amount of Bonds held by each Bondholder after close of trading on such date), will be 19 May 2016 (the "Bondholder Record Date"). Detailed information of the terms of the mandatory redemption of Bonds in consideration for Common Shares, as approved by the Bondholder Resolution, is set out in the Bond Summons.
There will be a suspension of trading of the Bonds from the Bondholder Record Date until the closing date for the recapitalisation and debt to equity swap (the "Closing Date"). The Closing Date is expected to be 27 May 2016. Following completion of the Recapitalisation, as of the Closing Date the Bonds will be written down to a total aggregate outstanding amount of no less than USD 40 million, on amended terms as further described in the Bond Summons, in exchange for the portion of Common Shares allocated to the Bondholders. Any gross cash proceeds (if any) from the rights offering conducted by Sterling Resources Ltd will be distributed to the Bondholders on or about the same date.
The debt to equity swap will be carried out without any further action or confirmation required on the part of the Bondholders, and the Bondholders will receive their pro rata portion of Common Shares on or about the Closing Date.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA
av Slagsrold

