ISnST: N O 001 053812.7
Amendment Agreement to
the Bond Agreement between
Eitzen Maritime Services ASA ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue FRN Eitzen Maritime Services ASA Callable Bond Issue 2009/2012

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement5') is dated on 6 January 2010 between Eitzen Maritime Services ASA (the "Issuer") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee").

1. The Scope o f th e A m endm ent A greem ent
The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the agreement Bond Agreement FRN Eitzen M aritime Services ASA Callable Bond Issue 2009/2012 - ISIN 001 NO 001 0538127.

2. Amendment to the Bond Agreement

The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(i) The definition o f Group shall be replaced in its entirety by;

"G roup"means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and (a) "G roup Com pany/ies" means the Issuer and/or any o f its Subsidiaries".

(ii) Clause 13.4 c) shall be replaced in its entirety by:

"The Issuer shall ensure that no loans, financial indebtedness, guarantees or other financial assistance, other than seller's credits arising from ordinary course o f trading, are granted by any member o f the Group in favour o f any entities outside the Group."

3. Confirm ation o f the Bond Agreem ent

All other provisions o f the Bond Agreement remain in full force. The Bond Agreement and this Amendment Agreement constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the above mentioned Bond issue.

4. Governing Law

Disputes arising out o f or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.

5. Com m encem ent

The above amendments to the Bond Agreement shall be effective as o f 21 September 2009.

'Uzen M aritim e Services ASA Issuer

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
AM .
Bond Trustee

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in --2 --two - copies (originals), o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

2

