NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 075576.2 - 6.0 per cent Petrolia SE Callable Bond Issue 2016/2019
C
Oslo, 22 November 2016
Proposal to amend Bond Agreement - Summons to Bondholders' M eeting
1. INTRODUCTION
Nordic Trustee ASA is appointed as trustee (the "Loan Trustee") for the above mentioned bond issue with ISIN N0001075576.2 (the "Bond Issue") where Petrolia SE is the Borrower (the "Borrower" or the "Company'*). All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the agreement for the Loan (the "Loan Agreement").
The information in this Summons regarding the legal, operational andfinancial status o f the Borrower is provided by the Borrower, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
2. BACKGROUND
The Company is in the oil and gas industry where the dramatic fall in the oil price since 2014 has reduced the industry's profits and optimism significantly and increased the uncertainty regarding pricing of shares and bonds. The Company wants to be pro-active and strengthen its equity and thus reduce the risk for all stakeholders.
The Borrower has approached the Loan Trustee, and requested that the proposal set forth in item 3 below, is put forward to a Bondholders' meeting for decision.
3. PROPOSAL
The Issuer propose the following amendments to the Loan Agreement:
a) Non-listing Clause 3.1 is amended such that the Borrower is no longer under an obligation apply for the Bonds to be listed on Oslo Bors ASA's ABM.
b) Partial call with settlement in shares Clause 10.2 is amended to give the Borrower a one-time opportunity to call 75 % of the Net Outstanding Bonds at par with settlement in shares of the Borrower at price USD 0.5 per share.
Clause is amended to read:
"The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option):

PO Box 1470 Vika. N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

(i) any time from and including the Disbursement Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at 103.25 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount (the "Ordinary Call Option"), and/or
(ii) As a one off event the Borrower may, on the Interest Payment Date in January 2017, call 75 % of the Net Outstanding Bonds at 100 % of par plus accrued interest to but excluding the Interest Payment Date in January 2017 (the "Par Call Option"). The Par Call Option shall be settled with shares in the Borrower, where the price of each share shall be USD 0.5. If the Borrower, for practical reasons, need more time to settle the Par Call Option, a delay of the settlement until 1 March 2017 shall be accepted by the Loan Trustee.
Should the Borrower exercise its Ordinary Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date of redemption. Should the Borrower exercise its Par Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 5 - five - Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of VPS.

Net Outstanding Bonds

shall mean the USD 17,681,414 of Bonds which is not held by the Borrower."

Shares that are delivered to the Bondholders as payment for the called Bonds shall be restricted for trading for a period 12 months.

4. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL
The Borrowers' evaluation
The liquidity of the shares and of the bonds is low and the pricing uncertain. The transaction strengthens the equity of the Company and thus reduce the risk of all stakeholders. The Bondholders will, after the 1-year Lock-in Period, benefit from the higher liquidity of the shares compared to the bonds if they should want to divest.
Non-reliance of the Loan Trustee:
The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal and financial advisers regarding the effect o f the Restructuring Proposal.

5. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS'MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time: Place:

8 December 2016 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time) The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1 (6th floor), 01061 Oslo

2 -

-

Agenda:
Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from the Loan Trustee.
1. Approval of the Summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Request for amendments o f the Loan Agreement
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:
The Proposal, as set out in section 3. above, is approved.
The Loan Trustee is given thepower o fattorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by this Bondholders' Meeting as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including, but not limited to, make amendments to the Loan Agreement.
The above mentioned resolution will, according to the Bond Agreement, require a qualified majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting voting in favour of such proposal and a minimum 1/2 of the Voting Bonds being represented at the Bondholder's Meeting. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody, i.e., the owner is not registered directly in the VPS, the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered.)
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Nordic Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Nordic Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA
Enclosed: Annex A: Bondholder's Form of Attendance/Proxy Form
-3 -

