ISIN NO 001 036034.0
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Remedial (Cyprus) Public Company Limited (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Remedial (Cyprus) Public Company Limited Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions 2 The Loan 3 Listing

3 9 10

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

10

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

10

6 Conditions Precedent

11

7 Representations and Warranties

13

8 Status of the Loan and security

15

9 Interest

15

10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option

16

11 Interest in the event of late payment

18

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

18

13 Covenants

19

14 Fees and expenses

22

15 Events of Default

22

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

25

17 Procedural rules

26

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

28

19 Change of Loan Trustee

29

20 Limitation

29

Ll

u1 ----· spm, e

reSU1!Ul,·lUll

11

1

clllU 11;,gill

Vl;;.llU~

?Q

2

\

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 23 March 2007 between Remedial (Cyprus) Public Company Limited (Cyprus Company No 158603) as borrower (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
* The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
* The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1

Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meamng:

Assignment of Construction

Contracts:

the first priority assignment of the Construction Contracts,

i11 ltt vu1 u[ G1c; Lua.11 Triistcc (G~ bGh~lf Gf the

Bondholders) securing the Borrower's obligation under

this Loan Agreement.

Assignment oflnsurance:

the first priority assignment of insurances in respect of the Vessels obtained by the Borrower, in favor of the Loan
Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) securing the
Borrower's obligation under this Loan Agreement.

Banking Day:

any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo, London and New
York.

Bondholders: Bonds: Borrower's Bonds:

the holders of the Bonds.
bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.
Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Call Option: Capital Employed:

the Borrower's redemption right as set out in Clause 10.2.
the total of (i) the Equity and (ii) the Net Interest Bearing Debt.

Cash and Cash Equivalents: on any date, the aggregate on such date of the then current market value of:

(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an
acceptable bank; and

(b) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by
an acceptable bank,

in each case, to which any member of the Group is beneficially entitled at that time and to which any such member of the Group has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any encumbrance. An "acceptable
bank" for this purpose is:

(a) a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a rating of A- or higher by Standard & Poor's, Moody's or a comparable rating from a nationally recognised credit ranking agency for its
long-term debt obligations; or

(b) a bank or financial iu:si.ii.ui.iu11 wl1id:i ~s auth0i-iscd t0 carry on banking business in Norway.

Change of Control Event:

means that a shareholder or a group of affiliated shareholders, or companies, (direct or indirect), ref Securities Trading Act § 1-4, obtain (including purchase, merger etc.) ownership or control of more than 50 - fifty per cent of the share capital or voting rights of the
Borrower.

Construction Contracts:

to the extent legally possible, all and any of the contracts for the construction and completion of the Vessels fully equipped, including the Yard Contracts, the Equipment Contracts and any other any other contracts for completion of the Vessel with a contract value higher than USD 2 million per Vessel, and refund guarantees in respect of the
Yard Contracts (if any).

Cosco:

Cosco (Nantong) Shipyard Ltd. in China.

4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Cosco Contract:
Disbursement Date: Escrow Account:
Escrow Account Pledge:

the contract dated 12 February 2007 and entered into between the Borrower and Cosco for construction of the ESV2 (and all relevant documents thereto, including i.a. insurance (if any), guarantees (if any)).
28 March 2007.
an USD account established in the name of the Borrower to be blocked and pledged on first priority in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in which the bank operating the accounts has waived any set-off rights.
the Bahamas law first priority pledge over the Borrower's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Borrower in the Escrow Account in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Borrower's fulfilment of its payment obligations (included payment of principal, interest and expenses) under this Loan Agreement.

Equipment Contracts Equipment Pledge:
Equity: Equity Ratio: ESV: ESVl: ESV2: Event of Default:

such contract(s) exceeding the value of USD 2 million per Vessel not covered by the Yard Contracts for the equipment of the relevant Vessel.
to the extent practically and legally possible, the Cyprus law first priority Floating Charge over the Construction Contracts, until such equipments are covered by the Mortgage.
the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total equity in accordance with IFRS.
the ratio of Equity divided by Capital Employed.
an elevating support vessel.
a new-building ESV unit based on the Friede & Goldman Super M2 under construction at Yantai' s Yard with delivery in Q2 2008.
a new-building ESV unit based on the Friede & Goldman Super M2 under construction at Cosco's Yard with delivery in Q3 2008.
means each event defined as an event of default in Clause 15.1.

5

\

Exchange: Finance Documents:
Floating Charge: Group: Interest Determination Date: Interest Payment Date:
LIBOR:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.
means (i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1, (iii) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Loan Security, and (iv) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Borrower in relation to any amount payable under this Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition.
means the first priority charge over the Vessels' related assets including the Construction Contracts for the Loan amount.
the Borrower and its subsidiaries (if any).
26 March 2007 and thereafter two Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.
28 March, 28 June, 28 September and 28 December each year. If the Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Interest Payment Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date
the interest rate rounded off to five decimal places for a 3 three - months period that is quoted on Reuters Screen LIBOR0l page at or about 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date.
Should the contents of the Reuters Screen LIBOR0 1 page be changed such that, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters Screen, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters Screen's page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters Screen LIBORO 1 page did on the disbursement of the loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in subclause 9.3 of the Loan Agreement.

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

LIBORReference Banks:
Loan Security:
Mandatory Redemption: Margin:

interest rate determined on the basis of the interest on deposits in U.S. Dollars in the inter-bank market in London, quoted by four large authorised exchange banks in the London market at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date in London, for a 3 - three - months period, starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date for deposits in U.S. Dollars to leading European banks for a 3 - three - months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
the following shall constitute the cross-collateralized security for the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement:
(i) from the Disbursement Date and until the funds on the Escrow Account are released pursuant to this Loan Agreement, the Escrow Account Pledge;
(ii) from the date of the first release of funds from the Escrow Account to the Borrower and thereafter: (a) the Assignment of Construction Contracts unless covered by the Floating Charge, and (b) the Equipment Pledge unless covered by the Floating Charge; and
(iii) from delivery of each of the Vessels and thereafter: (a) the relevant Mortgage, and (b) the relevant Assignment of Insurance.
the Borrower's obligation to redeem the Loan in accordance with Clause 10.3.
5.25 percentage points.

7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Market Value:

the market value of the Vessels when the event triggering the Mandatory Redemption takes place. If only one of the Vessels is sold, the actual salesprice will determine the Market Value of such Vessel. For the Vessel which is not sold, the Market Value shall be determined as an average value of a valuation undertaken by two independent rig brokers, selected by the Loan Trustee and approved by the
Loan Trustee.

Material Subsidiaries:

all and any member of the Group whose assets have an aggregate book value which exceeds 10 per cent of the consolidated book value of the assets of the Group and/or whose aggregate revenues exceed 10 per cent of the
consolidated revenues of the Group.

Maturity Date:

28 March 2012. If the Maturity Date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Maturity Date is moved to the first Banking
Day preceding the original date.

Mortgages:

the first priority cross-collateralized mortgage in the Vessels, each in the amount of USD 210 million plus interest and expenses, in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), securing the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement, each individually
a "Mortgage".

Net Interest Bearing Debt:

the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the

1-n {'\f,uh1f1'l, 1ntPrPQ.t ~-n-A~nl ~-rlohtorl-n.PC1CI r'I.-,.,... ...... _,,,
'-...Jl.VU-p O

.l.l..1..1.t..4.l.LV..L!o,,1,..l.

.l.l.J...~._,....,1,...., ........... __......,.._,.._,

_.._...__.. '.t.."_P....C,..-,r.t\"P_.f_'.t,

--~

··------ ________ _

accrues in accordance with IFRS less the aggregate value

(on a consolidated basis) of the Group's Cash and Cash

Equivalents.

Outstanding Loan:

Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

Payment Date:

in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal. If Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day.

Put Option:

each Bondholder's early redemption right as set out in Clause 10.4.

Redemption Rate:

the ratio of the Market Value of the Vessel(s) sold divided by the Market Value of both Vessels, always provided that if such Redemption Rate is 0.60 or higher, the Redemption
Rate shall be deemed to be 1.00.

8
\

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Release Notice:

a Release Notice from the Borrower to the Loan Trustee for withdrawal(s) from the Escrow Account in the form and content as set out in Schedule 1 hereto.

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities
Depository.

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").

Securities Depository act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Security Assets:

all and any of the assets subject to the Loan Security.

Vessel Owning Companies: shall have the meaning described thereto in Clause 8.3.

Vessels:

all and any of ESVl and ESV2, each individually a "Vessel".

Yantai:

Yantai Raffles Shipyard Ltd. in China.

Yantai Contract:

the contract dated 5 November 2006 and entered into between the Borrower and Yantai for construction of the ESVl (and all relevant documents thereto, including i.a. insurance (if any), guarantees (if any)).

Yard Contracts:

both and any of the Yantai Contract and the Cosco Contract, each individually a "Yard Contract".

Yards:

both and any of Yantai and Cosco, each individually a "Yard".

2

The Loan

2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of Bonds at a maximum amount of USD 210,000,000 (U.S. Dollar two hundred and ten million), herein referred to as the
"Loan".

The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 100,000 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "FRN Remedial (Cyprus) Public Company Limited Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012".

The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be NO 001 036034.0.

9
\

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.
The net proceeds of the Loan shall be employed for partial financing of the construction cost of the Vessels. For the avoidance of doubt, this includes the financing of the Vessels (hereunder servicing of the Loan) and fees, contingencies, supervision related to the Vessels, cost of equipment to be placed on the Vessels, general corporate purposes such as administration, payments and remuneration to employees and similar expenses.

3

Listing

3.1 The Loan will initially not be listed. Any listing will be at the option of the Borrower.

4

Registration in a Securities Depository

4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.

4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.

5

The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,

- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Bondholder's representative, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking
Days prior to the Disbursement Date:

(a) the Loan Agreement duly executed,

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents,

(c) a power of attorney from the Borrower to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents (if not included in the relevant corporate
resolutions),

(d) certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles of Association of the Borrower, and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,

Group,
(f) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(g) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(h) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(i) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly executed,
(i) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan,
(k) written evidence from the relevant bank that (i) the Escrow Account has been opened, (ii) that the Escrow Account Pledge has been duly registered, (iii) the

11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Escrow Account has been blocked, (iv) the bank has waived its right to set-off, and (v) no further security over the Escrow Account has been granted,

(1) the agreement for the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed, enforceable and perfected, and

(m)legal opinions in a form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia (i) that the Borrower is legally incorporated and validly existing under its jurisdiction, (ii) the valid execution by the Borrower of this Loan Agreement and (iii) valid execution, perfection and enforceability of the Escrow Account Pledge.

6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above the Bonds will be made available to the Bondholders and the net proceeds of the Loan will be transferred to the Escrow Account at the Disbursement Date.

6.3 Subject to Clauses 6.4 - 6.6, withdrawals of (and release of) funds from the Escrow Account shall be limited to payments in accordance with the purpose of the Loan (cf. Clause 2.1 ).

6.4 Before the first release of funds from the Escrow Account, the Loan Trustee shall have received the following:

(a) the Assignment of Construction Contracts or Floating Charge duly executed and to the extent legally possible enforceable and perfected;

(b) to the extent practically and legally possible, the Equipment Pledge, if not covered by the Floating Charge, duly executed, enforceable and perfected;

/.,...,.\ .....,....,1,....,.....,... ........ + .,...,..,...,._,...._,...,1-.,...,. rl.,...,.,...,............,..,,.....,..... 4-,...+~.,...,. ..... +... ,. . . . . ,. ., +h,..... o,......_,....,.,..,.,r,............

\ V/

.1. \.11-V V U .LLL VVi }'V..L ULV U-VV\,U..1.J.V.l.lU...U,.lV.l.l .J..L V.1..1.1. LJ..1.V .L.IV.J...1. V YV V.1.'

(d) in respect of the Assignment of Construction Contracts, written notice of assignments to the Yards and other relevant suppliers of subcontracts, (refund) guarantors etc., unless covered by the Floating Charge, and any acknowledgement in respect thereof if such acknowledgement is required to perfect the security;

(e) in respect ofrelease of funds for each Vessel, written documentation evidencing that minimum USD 40 million of equity capital have been or will be used for the construction of such Vessel; and

(f) legal opinions in a form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia due execution and to the extent legally possible perfection and enforceability of (i) the Assignment of Construction Contracts or Floating Charge as applicable and (ii) to the extent practically and legally possible, the Equipment Pledge under the respective parties' jurisdiction (including inter alia the valid execution by the security providers of the security documents, the notification of and acknowledgement from the opposite parties).

12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
6.5 Before any release of funds from the Escrow Account, the Loan Trustee shall have received the following: (a) a duly executed Release Notice in respect of the relevant release; and (b) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amounts to be released shall be applied in accordance with this Loan Agreement, it being understood that amounts above USD 5,000,000 shall be followed by a proforma invoice or other satisfactory evidence, while for amounts under USD 5,000,000 the Borrower will provide a certification as to the application of funds and upon request a monthly reconciliation of the application of funds.
6.6 In connection with delivery of each of the Vessels, the Loan Trustee shall receive: (a) the relevant Mortgage duly executed and perfected; (b) the relevant Assignment of Insurance duly executed and perfected; (c) evidence that insurance of the relevant Vessel has been arranged for according to industry practice, and that the relevant Assignment of Insurance is effective and has been notified to the relevant insurers; (d) relevant corporate documentation from the security providers; and (e) legal opinions in a form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia duly execution, perfection and enforceability of the Mortgage and the Assignment of Insurance.
?. '7
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that: (a) the Borrower is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted; (b) the Borrower has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) the Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower and for any Loan Security to constitute a valid and enforceable agreed priority Mortgage on the Vessels when delivered;
(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower of the Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower;
(e) no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or any of its assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(f) all financial documents and information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or
thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect,
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) the Borrower is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) the Borrower's payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatory preferred by law applying to companies generally;
14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(I) no financial indebtedness have been secured in respect of any Loan Security prior to the signing of the Loan Agreement; and
(m) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower on the signing date of the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan and security
8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan including interest and expenses shall be secured by the Loan Security.
8.3 It is understood that the Borrower may, at its own discretion, transfer the ownership of each of the Construction Contracts and/or each of the Vessels to subsidiaries of the Borrower (the "Vessel Owning Companies"). The Loan Trustee shall consent to such transfer, provided that:
(a) the security interests established in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) are not adversely affected;
(b) all shares of the Vessel Owning Companies shall be pledged on first priority (the "Vessel Owning Company Share Pledge") securing the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement;
(c) an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee as for its own debt (selskyldnerkausjon) granted by each of the Vessel Owning Companies on a joint and several basis (the "Upstream Guarantees") securing the proper fulfillment of the obligation of the Borrower under this Loan Agreement; and
(d) the Loan Trustee shall receive satisfactory documentations and legal opinions (in a form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee) in respect of such transfer.
Such Vessel Owning Company Share Pledge and Upstream Guarantees shall be deemed to be part of the Loan Security from such date and until the Maturity Date.
9 Interest
9.1 Interest accrues from and including the Disbursement Date based on LIBOR plus Margin. The interest rate is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should LIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on LIBOR Reference Banks plus Margin.
15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

The interest rate is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.

The interest is paid quarterly in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in June 2007.

9.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the Interest Determination Date based on LIBOR plus Margin. Should LIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on LIBOR Reference Banks plus Margin.

When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.

9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from LIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least l /10th of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Lord Chief Justice of the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.

Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the

Securities Denositorv thM rm :mm~::il h::is heen m::ine ::iP-::iinst the nroC'.ennre for fixinP- thf'

.....

..,

..... ..I..

'-'

.I.

'-.;' ---- ~

interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.

9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement date to the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each interest fixing date to the next or the Maturity Date. The number of days is divided by 360.

10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan (always provided that at least USD 52.5 million must be redeemed each time) or the entire Loan as follows (the "Call Option"): (i) any time from the Disbursement Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in March 2010 at 106 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount;

16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) any time from the Interest Payment Date in March 2010 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in March 2011 at 104 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount
(iii) any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in March 2011 to, but not included, the Maturity Date at 102 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 15- fifteen - Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
10.3 Except for a transfer in accordance with Clause 8.3, if:
(a) one or both Vessels are sold or disposed of; or
(b) if the Construction Contracts in respect of one or more Vessels are sold, assigned, cancelled or disposed of to an unrelated third party (however, it is understood that the Borrower might replace/substitute equipment contracts with new equipments/equipment contracts, provided that such replaced equipments/contracts do not materially change the nature of the Vessels, and provided further that if such equipments/equipment contracts being part of the Loan Security, such replaced
Loan Security, to the extent practical and legally possible); or
(c) in the event of total loss or total constructive loss of one or both Vessels; or
(d) if the Vessels are transferred to subsidiaries as allowed for in Clause 8.3, the Borrower's shares in one or both of such subsidiaries are sold, disposed of or otherwise diluted;
the Borrower shall redeem the Loan pro rata in an amount being the Remaining Loan prior to the any prepayment hereunder multiplied by the Redemption Rate as follows (the "Mandatory Redemption"):
(i) if occurring anytime from and including the Disbursement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2010, at 106 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount;
(ii) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2010 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2011, at 104 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount; and
17 \

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iii) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2011 to, but not including, the Maturity Date, at 102 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.
The Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of a Mandatory Redemption (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 15 - fifteen - Banking Days before the date of redemption. Partial redemption of the Remaining Loan must be carried out by drawing lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly). In the event of a Mandatory Redemption of the entire Remaining Loan, any amount on the Escrow Account shall be used as part payment of the Mandatory Redemption. Upon completed repayment pursuant to the aforesaid, the Loan Security in respect of the relevant Security Assets shall be discharged. Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan. 10.4 Upon a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of the bonds at a price of 101 % of par plus accrued interest. The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Borrower has given notification as set out in Clause 13 .1 (g). The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to the Bondholder's VPS account manager. The Bondholder's VPS account manager shall notify the paying agent of the Loan (the "Paying Agent") of the pre-
1;;;
when the Paying Agent received the pre-payment request.
11 Interest in the event of late payment 11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment
Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points. 11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds 12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds
may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

13 Covenants

13 .1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:

(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,

(b) of its own accord, make annual and quarterly interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Bondholders and the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 45 days after the end of the relevant interim report
period,

(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,

(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,

(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,

a IC\ ___ '.,1..1_ '. __ ... ----·---"~ _1_1 _ L~--- - 1~.__ ;J.. ·-·~,....__,.;;J,...,. ;~,_-C',..,.~--,...,...+;,..,........, "'1-,....--.--.+ +1.-..,,. Dr--rv..--.-rr,.+ofn -h..-,,n11"'\r,,;n1

\lJ Wlllllll

1c:,a~uuau1v Lllll\,.; lllUll 1-'lVVlU\.I 1.111.Vl.U.U.,l.\,,.lVJ.1 ULJVUL U..lV .L.IV..L..LVYYV.l 0 .J..l.1.J.U..1...LV.U.A..L

condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,

(g) immediately notify the Bondholders (via Securities Depository), the Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) if a Change of Control Event takes place, and

(h) in connection with reporting under 13 .1 (b) confinn to the Loan Trustee the Borrower's compliance with Clause 13.

13.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:

(a) not, cease to carry on its business;

(b) not, and ensure that its subsidiaries shall not, (i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations,

(ii) change the nature of its business, or

19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business,
in a manner which may have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to comply with the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement;
(c) not:
(i) until the conversion of both Vessels are completed and both Vessels are delivered to the Borrower (pursuant to the Construction Contracts) and both Vessels are on contract, make or declare any dividend payment, reduction of share capital, repurchase of shares (including any transaction with a similar effect) or other distributions or loans to its shareholders, and
(ii) thereafter, make or declare any dividend payment, reduction of share capital, repurchase of shares (including any transaction with a similar effect) or other distributions or loans to its shareholders which constitutes more than, in any calendar year, on a consolidated basis, 25 % of the Group's net profit after taxes for the previous financial year in accordance with IFRS, however always subject to the Equity Ratio being at least 0.30 immediately after the completion of such dividend distribution (any unutilized dividend capacity may not be carried forward);
(d) except as allowed for in Clause 10.3, ensure that it is the direct owner of the Construction Contracts or the Vessels (as the case may be);
(e) ensure that all equipment covered by the definition of Equipment Pledge acquired by the Borrower or (if any) the Vessel Owning Companies in connection with the Construction Contracts, shall constitute a part of the Loan Security and arrange for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of such equipment acquired in connection with the C'.onstmr,tion f:ontrnrt« in q n,qnnPr 011<.'tr.rric,nly <>r>r'"'pted i~ the industry
(f) shall:
(i) supervise the construction of the Vessels at the Yard in a prudent and customary manner,
(ii) not, and ensure that the Vessel Owning Companies (if any) neither shall, agree to any material changes to the Construction Contracts (changes with a total value of USD 5 million or more), unless requested pursuant to a customer contract (not being member of the Group) and financed through said contract, and
(iii) provide information in writing the Loan Trustee of any material development which can lead to late delivery of more than 3 months after the scheduled Delivery Date. If a delay as aforementioned exceeds 6 months, then the Borrower shall provide evidence of a satisfactory financing of the completion of each Vessel in the form and content satisfactory to the Loan Trustee;
20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(g) on a reasonable effort basis, ensure that all material equipment acquired in
connection with the Construction Contracts, situated on the premises of the Yard, is at all times kept segregated and separate from (to the extent practical possible) other equipment and machinery in the Yard and is clearly marked as the property of the Borrower;

(h) ensure that the Vessels will be registered in a jurisdiction reasonably acceptable to the Loan Trustee, such consent not to be unreasonable withheld;
(i) provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Vessels after delivery. The increased value of the Vessels is gradual and the insurance value will be increased gradually. The Borrower shall provide insurance evidence to the Loan Trustee on a quarterly or annually (as the case may be) basis, which shall be available to Bondholders for inspection;

(i) not, and ensure that the Vessel Owning Companies (if any) neither shall, make any financial or other arrangements (including but not limited to arrangements
concerning the Loan Security and its employment) which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfil its obligations under this Loan Agreement;

(k) not, and ensure that the Vessel Owning Companies (if any) neither shall:
(i) mortgage, hypothecate, assign or otherwise pledge (x) any of the equipment related to the Vessels , except as in the ordinary course of it business and (y) any other current and future Construction Contracts and contracts relating to the use of the Vessel (including but not limited to charter contracts), except for:

(1) thP T ,um <;;!pf'nritu cmrl

'

_.I

----- -

~ - ---- ·- - - -----,.;' --~----

(2) contract guarantees and obligations in relation to customer contracts (but not guarantees for financial indebtedness) on a lower priority than the Loan Security, subject to a satisfactory co-ordination agreement (in form an content acceptable to the Loan Trustee).

(ii) mortgage, hypothecate, assign or otherwise pledge any of the equipment and equipment contracts relating to the Vessels and not being part of the Loan Security other than in the ordinary course of business;

(iii) charter the Vessel to subsidiaries (direct or indirect) of the Borrower, unless such subsidiary does not incur financial indebtedness or grant financial support (such as guarantees and loans) except to the Borrower or the relevant Vessel Owning Subsidiary, and guarantees and obligations in relation to employment contracts (working capital);
(I) not, and ensure that the Vessel Owning Companies (if any) neither shall, make any financial arrangements that exposes the Bondholders to a risk of subordination; and

21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(m)not permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
13.3 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following financial covenants: (a) ensure that the Group maintains an Equity Ratio of minimum 0.25.
14 Fees and expenses 14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set
out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. 14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for
the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Bmrnwer and the Securities Depository. 14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation. T!le B8!"r8'\-'/e!." i8 1"C3pc~:;iblc fv; ~v~v~itlilivldin_g Ztil~Y w-itlii1ulJi11g lax i111pu~~u by Norwegian law. 14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default 15.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following
events (Events of Default): (a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or
any other amount payable under the Finance Document; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 1O- ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) if, for each of the Borrower, the Vessel Owning Companies and the Material Subsidiaries, the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness or commitment for financial indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 10 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any financial indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness of due to and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(v) a substantial part of its assets are subject to distraint,
(d) if, for each of the Borrower, the Vessel Owning Companies and the Material Subsidiaries;
making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) a moratorium is declared,
(iii) a substantial part of its assets are impounded or confiscated, and such event has a materially adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(e) if, for each of the Borrower, the Vessel Owning Companies and the Material Subsidiaries, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to;
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer or any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets, (f) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower in the
Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made. 15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15 .1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement. The occurrence of an Event of Default shall be deemed as a Mandatory Redemption situation and the Remaining Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.3. 15 .3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if: (E!) the L.0~!} T!'l...!~tee ~ecei"/e~ ~ d~ffi~~d i:u Y'\,riiti:i1g vv~itli T6spc;(.,i, iv Gu: uUuve lrurrl Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or (b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment. In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above. 15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses. 15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan,
such as:

(a) change of Loan Trustee,

(b) change of Borrower,

(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,

(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,

(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets or security for the Loan,

(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.

The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.

The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in

0lmwn ........,.,u.,.,-u....,

1A 1
--'-V'·--'-

\/",\,.,.lj.\/

n~rl /~\ --~.,:rl~rl +l.~+·
1.-1,.l..l.\,..,&. \ ' - ' } , .f-'.l.VVJ.UVU l-1.lUL-.

(a) the changes are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or

(b) any secmity provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.

The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the
dispatchment of the notification.

The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.

25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of: (a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the r,'l:ltt.::~:; tc b.:: di:;c.;:;:;cd cii,d tlic jji\::.-v-islvi15 0[ Gi~~ Luau Ag1cc1rn;ui, uu wi1id1 ihe request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee. 17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place ofresidence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
27

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds. In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has. 17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clausel 8. Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8. 17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision: (a) change of bondholders' representative, (b) change of borrower, (c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and
security/collateral, or (d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance
for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even ifhe is not a Bondholder or
nrAY'U r-~~-.; ·
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.

...,0 "'U

T !---!.L-.L!--..l..Jl.lil..lt.at.J.Ull

20.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.

29

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Oslo, 23 March 2007

Remedial (Cyprus) Public Company Limited Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

30

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

FORM OF RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Schedule 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Attn: [name]
RELEASE NOTICE Dear Sir, RE: USD 210,000,000 LOAN AGREEMENT

[Place and date]

We refer to the loan agreement dated 23 March 2007 (the "Loan Agreement") of USD 210,000,000 with ISIN NO 036034.0 made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bondholders"), and the undersigned as Borrower, in respect of the Loan.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Loan Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on _______ wish to draw USD ___ under our account no. _ _ _ (the Escrow Account) for the purpose pursuant to the purpose of the Loan, and ask you irrevocably upon our satisfaction of the conditions of Clause 6 of the Loan Agreement to instruct the bank to unblock the above amounts according to this Release

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred which constitutes an Event of Default or which by giving of notice and/or lapse of time would constitute an Event of Default, and (ii) our representations contained in the Loan Agreement are true and accurate at the time hereof with reference to the facts now subsisting.

Yours faithfully, Remedial (Cyprus) Public Company Limited

[signed by duly authorised persons with the Borrower]

Enclosure: [copy of written documentation evidencing the use of funds pursuant to Clause 6.5 (b )]

31

AGREEMENT REGARDING THE LOAN TRUSTEE'S FEES

Borrower: Loan Trustee: !SIN (the Loan):
Annual fee: Annual payment date: Date of agreement:

Remedial (Cyprus) Public Company Limited Norsk Tillitsmann ASA NO 001 036034.0 NOK 175,000 28 March 21 March 2007

1. Annual fee and special fees The Borrower shall pay an annual fee as set out above. The fee covers ordinary supervision of the Loan according to the Loan Agreement. Extraol'dinary work related to establishing the Loan will be charged separately, The fee is chargeable until all obligations under the Loan Agreement are fulfilled, including interest, expenses and any other sums payable thereunder. The foe falls due for the first time together with the disbursement of the Loan, and subsequently in advance annually on the annual payment date. The fee will be adjusted once annually in accordance with the change in per cent. of the Norwegian Consumer Price Index (CPI).
If the Loan Trustee according to the Loan Agreement shall hold security documents in any form this may be charged the Borrower separately at a reasonable rate. Any reasonable and documented external costs in relation to the establishment or handling of security documents may be charged as per statement.
ln open bond issues the Borrower shall pay a separate fee based on a reasonable rate if an amendment agreement to the Loan Agreement must be prepared.
In the event the Loan is terminated prior to its original due date, the Loan Trustee may reasonably require that the Borrower compensates the Loan Trustee for the discontinuation of its income, taking into account the amount of work carried out at the establishing of the Loan and during the term of the Loan.
2. The bondholders' meeting The Borrower shall cover all documented costs and expenses inclusive necessary assistance from external consultants/legal counsels incurred in connection with the bondholders' meetings, regardless of who requested the meeting, except when a bondholders' meeting is requested for the purpose of electing a new loan Trustee and this is due to Loan Trustee's failure to fulfil his duties under this agreement. The said assistance from external consultants/legal counsels shall be provided on market terms for such services. The Loan Trustee will charge a separate and reasonable fee for additional work a bondholders' meeting entails. Such fee includes preparation of the formal documents necessary for the meeting, such as notice of the meeting, agenda and minutes of meeting. The fee also includes the Loan Trustee's participation at the meeting. In addition the Borrower will be charged by the hour (based on a reasonable hourly rate) for preparation of agenda papers or miler ciarificaiions {perforrm;u iu-iiuu~c;:; or uui-u, -i,uu~o) , C:aicJ iv,;,., agenda on the bondholders' meeting. The Borrower will be billed for external reasonable and documented costs, such as room rent, postage and expenses connected to the Securities Depository.
3. Other expenses [n addition to the annual fee (Section 1) and expenses incurred in connection with the bondholders' meeting/s (Section 2), the Borrower shall cover documented extraordinary costs incurred by the Loan Trustee during the loan period, This shall include the cost of necessary research work in connection with a request to change the Loan Agreement, and expenses incurred as a result of breach of contract.
If the Loan Trustee itself undertakes to do such work ofresearch, the Borrowe1· will be billed at a reasonable rnte, Necessary assistance from consultants/legal counsels will be charged as per statement, and shall be provided on market terms for such services.
The Borrower shall in addition to fees and remuneration under this agreement pay to the Loan Trustee any value added tax or other taxes of duties chargeable.
This agreement is in force as long as the Loan Trustee is the bondholders' representative, and terminates without further notice from any of the pa11ies. If the Loan Trustee is replaced, the Borrower is obliged to accept that this agreement is transferred to the new representative.
This agreement shall have precedence if there is any conflict between this agreement and the Loan Agreement, provided that this will not infringe the bondholders' rights under this agreement. This agreement is issued in two
copies, oneU!doofrthe parties.
I ~ ,...,.......,.....,...............,..
Borrower

