NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGI AN TRUSTEE
Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA på telefon +47 22 87 94 00.
To the Bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0622525 -15 per cent EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014
and
ISIN: NO 001 0650401 - 20 per cent EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited Super Senior Secured NO 001 0655517 Callable Bond Issue 2012/2013
Oslo, 29 November 2012
Summons to Bondholders' Meetings
1. INTRODUCTION
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") acts as loan trustee for the holders (the "Original Bondholders") of the USD 90,200,000 15 per cent Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014 (the "Original Bonds" or the "Original Loan") and for the holders (the "New Bondholders") of the up to USD 20,000,000 20 per cent Super Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2013 (the "New Bonds" (and together with the Original Bonds, the "Bonds") or the "New Loan"), in each case where EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited (the "Issuer") is the issuer and Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited (the "Company") is a guarantor. In this Summons, the Original Bondholders and the New Bondholders are together referred to as the "Bondholders".
All capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the loan agreement for the Original Loan (the "Original Loan Agreement") between the Issuer and the Loan Trustee dated 15 July 2011 (as amended and restated on 31 January 2012 and further amended and restated on 20 June 2012) or, as applicable, the loan agreement for the New Loan (the "New Loan Agreement") between the Issuer and the Loan Trustee dated 20 June 2012.
Bondholders are encouraged to read this Summons in its entirety.
2. BACKGROUND
The Loan Trustee has convened this meeting (the "Bondholders' Meeting") upon the request of certain Bondholders (the "Consenting Bondholders"), holding in aggregate, (i) over 2/3 of the Original Bonds, and (ii) over 2/3 of the New Bonds, who have pre-agreed to vote in favour of the resolutions contained in this Summons.
2.1 BONDS
On 31 March 2012, an Event of Default occurred under Clause 15. l(k) of the Original Loan Agreement, and Original Bondholders subsequently agreed to authorise and direct the Loan Trustee not to seek payment of any amounts due and payable under the Original Loan Agreement, provided that the Company satisfied a number of standstill conditions.
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

2/5
As a result o f an urgent funding requirement, the Existing Bondholders subsequently agreed to the issue of the New Bonds as a means of raising finance so that the Company could continue to run the business o f the Company and its subsidiaries, and to fund amounts needed in relation to ARV1, e.g. for the relocation of ARV1 from Angolan waters and for certain remedial works to ARV1. The New Bonds were structured to be senior to the Original Bonds in terms of both repayment and security pursuant to intercreditor arrangements as between the Original Bondholders and the New Bondholders. To date, there have been two Ranches of New Bonds issued, with $12,602,614 principal face amount outstanding. The terms o f the N ew Bonds were set out in detail in the summons dated 31 May 2012 (the "M ay Summons", attached at Schedule 1 for convenience).
2.2 BONDHOLDER LOAN
Current Funding Arrangements
As matters stand, and as one of the standstill conditions, the Issuer and the Company have agreed to meet the Loan Trustee's legal fees, costs and expenses pursuant to the terms o f a fee arrangement in place between Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP ("Bingham") and the Issuer and Company. However, it is foreseen that certain workstreams may need to be undertaken on behalf of the Bondholders that could potentially conflict with the interests of the Company, the Issuer and then- respective boards of directors, and as such, it has been deemed prudent to put in place arrangements whereby certain limited funding can be provided directly by Bondholders to the Loan Trustee to ensure that these workstreams can be progressed.
Funding Requirement
Approval is therefore now being sought from the Bondholders for a funding mechanism where Bondholders provide loan funding to the Loan Trustee for the purpose of meeting fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of the Loan Trustee in comiection with the continued protection, preservation and/or enforcement of the Bondholders' rights and pursuing recoveries with respect to the Bonds, as set out below (together, the "Bondholder Expenses"), on a basis shared by all of the Bondholders.
Bondholder Expenses may include (but shall not be limited to) the fees, costs, expenses and disbursements incurred by the Loan Trustee for its advisers and counsel, including (without limitation) Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP as lead counsel to the Loan Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders.
hi order that such Bondholder Expenses incurred for the benefit o f all Bondholders are fairly met on a pro rata basis by all o f the Bondholders, approval is being sought from the Bondholders' Meeting with respect to the funding mechanism for Bondholder Expenses, such that Bondholder Expenses are paid, reimbursed or repaid, as applicable, out of recoveries received by the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders in priority to any amounts being distributed to Bondholders.
The Loan Trustee believes that, as a result of the wording in (i) Clause 14.3 o f both the Original Loan Agreement and the New Loan Agreement1, and (ii) Clause 8.3(a) o f the
1"In the event that the Issuer does not pay the Bond Trustee for incurred fees, the Bond Trustee may seek funding of its costs, fees and expenses from the Bondholders or, failing them, other sources, in which case such other sources will be subrogated into the position of the Bond Trustee, but subordinated to any further costs, fees and expenses of the Bond Trustee."

3/5

Original Loan Agreement and Clause 8.2(a) of the New Loan Agreement2, it does not require approval to obtain funding, but as a matter o f prudence, the Loan Trustee is nonetheless seeking approval from the Bondholders in connection with the specific funding terms as set out below, such approval to be equally applicable with respect to any amounts already advanced by Bondholders to the Loan Trustee.

Terms of Bondholder Loan

Approval is sought with respect to funding from Bondholders to the Loan Trustee of up to US$ 1 million, for the purpose o f paying the Bondholder Expenses, on a basis shared by all o f the Bondholders.

The funding mechanism for Bondholder Expenses is in the form o f a super priority limitedrecourse loan to NTM (the "Bondholder Loan"), with the terms o f the Bondholder Loan, as set out below, being documented in a loan agreement (the "Bondholder Loan Agreement") as between the Loan Trustee and those Bondholders that fund the Bondholder Loan (the "Funding Bondholders").

All Bondholders are eligible to participate in the Bondholder Loan. However, in order to simplify and keep the Bondholder Loan administration efficient, the identity of the Funding Bondholders, and the participation amounts of each Funding Bondholder, shall be determined by the Loan Trustee in its sole discretion and it is likely that the minimum amount of any Bondholder's participation in the Bondholder Loan shall be US$ 200,000.

The Bondholder Loan shall accrue interest at a rate o f 10% per annum (the "Interest"). Interest shall accrue on funds comprising the Bondholder Loan from (and including) the date on which such funds are advanced to pay the Bondholder Expenses either to or on behalf of the Loan Trustee, until (and including) the date on which those funds are reimbursed or repaid by the Loan Trustee. The funds comprising the Bondholder Loan shall be repaid by the Loan Trustee to the Funding Bondholders in the order that they were advanced to pay the Bondholder Expenses either to or on behalf of the Loan Trustee. Repayment o f amounts due with respect to the Bondholder Loan shall first be applied to interest, and then to principal.

The Bondholder Loan constitutes a cost and expense incurred by the Loan Trustee in its capacity as loan trustee for the New Bonds and/or the Original Bonds, and as such, falls within the first limb of the waterfall set out in the Intercreditor Agreement and so shall be repaid by the Loan Trustee on a priority basis out of (but subject to there being) amounts recovered or received by the Loan Trustee with respect to the Original Bonds and New Bonds, and in priority to any amounts being paid or distributed to the New Bondholders in respect of the New Bonds and to the Original Bondholders in respect of the Original Bonds. The Loan Trustee will not be personally liable for the Bondholder Loan.

Bondholder Expenses incurred or paid since 12 October 2012 may be funded via the Bondholder Loan.

3.

PROPOSAL

Based on the foregoing, the Bondholders are asked to approve the following proposal (the "Proposal"):

2 Sets out the application of proceeds following an Event of Default and specifies that "all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred" by the Loan Trustee and its advisors under or in connection with the Bonds are to be paid as a first priority.

4/5

"The Loan Trustee is authorised and instructed (including reti'ospectively to the extent applicable) to:

1.

enter into such agreements and documentation (in a form satisfactory to Bingham) as

may be required to p u t in place the Bondholder Loan on the terms described in the

Summons; and

2.

make repayments o f amounts borrowed by the Loan Trustee with respect to the

Bondholder Loan (plus interest), as a first priority out o f amounts recovered or

received by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Bonds, and before it makes any

payments or distributions to Bondholders with respect to the Bonds. "

4.

EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL

The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed funding mechanism is acceptable. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal and financial advisers regarding the effect o f die Proposal.

5.

BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS

Bondholders are hereby summoned to Bondholders' Meetings:

Tim e: 14 December 2012 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place: The premises o f Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1 (5th floor), 01061 Oslo

Separate meetings will be held in respect o f the Original Bonds and the New Bonds.

Agenda:

Pursuant to the Original Loan Agreement and the New Loan Agreement, the meetings will be opened and presided over by a representative from Norsk Tillitsmann.

1. Approval o f the Summons

2.

Approval of the agenda

3. Election o f two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman

4.

Voting over the Proposal

It is proposed that the Original Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Loan Trustee is authorised and instructed (including retrospectively to the extent applicable) to:

1.

enter into such agreements and documentation (in a form satisfactory to Bingham) as

may be required to p u t in place the Bondholder Loan on the terms described in the

Summons above; and2

2.

make repayments o f amounts borrowed by the Loan Trustee with respect to the

Bondholder Loan (plus interest), as a first priority out o f amounts recovered or

received by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Original Bonds, and before it

5/5

makes any payments or distributions to Original Bondholders with respect to the Original Bonds. "

It is proposed that the New Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Loan Trustee is authorised and instructed (including retrospectively to the extent applicable) to:

1.

enter into such agreements and documentation (in a form satisfactory to Bingham) as

may be required to p u t in place the Bondholder Loan on the terms described in the

Summons above; and

2.

make repayments o f amounts borrowed by the Loan Trustee with respect to the

Bondholder Loan (plus interest), as a first priority out o f amounts recovered or

received by the Loan Trustee in connection with the New Bonds, and before it makes

any paymen ts or distributions to New Bondholders with respect to the New Bonds. "

To approve the above resolutions, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 o f the Original Bonds and at least 2/3 of the New Bonds represented in person or in proxy at their respective meeting must vote in favor of each resolution, hi order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at each meeting.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printed date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof o f ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting(s) (if the Bonds are held in custody - i.e., the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregated nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered.)

The individual Bondholder may authorize the Loan Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorizing the Loan Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Loan Trustee in due tune before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).

In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting(s) or enclosed with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership o f the Bonds.

For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting(s), either in person or by proxy other than the Loan Trustee, to notify the Loan Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (as set out at the first page o f this letter) within 16:00 hours (4pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.

Yours sincerely

Norsk Tillitsmann

Enclosed:

Annex A: May Summons Annex B: Bondholder's Form o f Attendance/Proxy Form

ANNEX A

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0622525 -15 per cent EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014
Oslo, 31 May, 2012
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the holders (the "Existing Bondholders") of USD 88,000,000 15 per cent Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014 (the "Existing Bonds") issued by EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited ("EOAL" or the "Company"). The terms and conditions of the Existing Bonds are set out in the loan agreement dated 15 July 2011 (as amended on 31 January 2012) between EOAL and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Existing Bondholders) (the "Loan Agreement") and as set out in the summons for a Bondholders' Meeting dated 13 January 2012. On 26 April 2012, Existing Bondholders approved a resolution set out in the summons dated 12 April 2012 (the "April Summons") granting the Company with a standstill arrangement, providing that certain terms and conditions were satisfied. The April Summons is set out in Schedule 1 for information.
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Loan Agreement or the April Summons, unless otherwise defined.
The information in this summons regarding the Company and market conditions are provided by the Company, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
Background
Since the bondholders' meeting in April 2012, Mr. Paul Leand of AMA has been appointed as chairman of the board of directors of the Parent and CRO of the Group and has been working with the board of directors of the Parent with respect to the CRO Mandate.
ARV1 remains in Angolan waters, although Mr. Leand has made progress in identifying certain issues and obstacles that have appeared to prevent the relocation of ARV1. Mr. Leand is continuing to work towards finding a solution that will result in ARV1 being moved from its current location to another location approved by the Bond Trustee; however, this process has been more time consuming than originally anticipated.
Funding Requirement
There is an urgent funding requirement at the Company and the level of cash available to the Company is at a critical level. Without urgent funding, the board of directors of the Parent will need to file for insolvency in Singapore.
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

ANNEX A
2/4
The Company requires funding so that it can run the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, relocate ARV1 from its current location to a suitable port outside of Angola and fund any capital expenditure relating to repairs and maintenance work for ARV1 in preparation for any future charters (together, the "Funding Requirement"). The funding will be drawn from the Escrow Account depending on the Company's specific requirements at the time and in accordance with paragraph 24 of the New Bond Loan Term Sheet (as described below).
The New Bond Issuance
Certain Existing Bondholders and the Company have therefore been in discussions regarding the Funding Requirement and it has been agreed that the Funding Requirement should be met by means of a new issuance of bonds (the "New Bond Issuance").
The New Bonds
In order to satisfy the Funding Requirement, a term sheet has been agreed pursuant to which the Company shall make issuances of bonds (the "New Bonds") in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the term sheet attached at Schedule 2 (the "New Bond Term Sheet").
The issuances of New Bonds shall have an aggregate principal face amount of up to USD 20,000,000 (the "Maximum Loan Amount").
Given that the issuance price of the New Bonds shall be 80.00% of par value (i.e. there shall be an original issue discount of 20% of the principal loan amount), the actual amount of capital raised by the issuance of the New Bonds shall be less than USD 20,000,000.
The New Bonds shall rank super senior to the Existing Bonds and shall be secured by the New Bond Guarantees and New Bond Mortgages, as set out in the New Bond Term Sheet. In order to regulate the relationship between the Existing Bonds and the New Bonds (including as to priority and the enforcement of security), and the rights of the holders thereof, an Intercreditor Agreement shall be entered into by Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (on behalf of the Existing Bondholders) and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (on behalf of the New Bondholders). This is further described in the New Bond Term Sheet.
Subscription fo r the New Bonds
As is stated in paragraph 17 of the New Bond Term Sheet, all Existing Bondholders shall be entitled to purchase New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan in a pro rata proportion to their holdings o f Existing Bonds, subject the minimum subscription and allotment amounts. If Existing Bondholders wish to exercise their Right to Purchase, they should contact Ken Becker of AMA (contact details set out below). Existing Bondholders shall be entitled to subscribe for more than their pro rata proportion of the New Bonds, and the New Bonds that have not been allocated to Existing Bondholders pursuant to their pro rata proportion, shall be distributed to those Existing Bondholders that have subscribed for more that their pro rata proportion of the New Bonds, at the discretion of the Manager and in accordance with paragraph 17 of the New Bond Term Sheet.
The Right to Purchase shall expire on the date falling 2 Business Days after the date of the Bondholders' Meeting; however the early subscription fee described in paragraph 18 of the New Bond Term Sheet shall only be awarded to those Existing Bondholders that commit to exercise their Right to Purchase prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting.

ANNEX A

3/4

Ken Becker AMA Capital Partners 405 Lexington Avenue - 67th Floor NY, New York 10172

E-mail:

kbecker@amausa.com

Telephone: + 1 212 682 3344

The Proposal

The Company has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' Meeting to consider the approval of the proposed New Bond Issuance described above.

The Company considers, given the Funding Requirement and the implications for the Company if the Funding Requirement is not met, that the New Bond Issuance is in the best interest o f the Existing Bondholders and that if the New Bond Issuance is not approved in the Bondholders Meeting, the board of directors of the Parent will be forced to fde for insolvency in Singapore, which will mean the Existing Bondholders will receive little or no return in respect of the Existing Bonds.

The approval of Existing Bondholders is being sought in connection with the New Bond Issuance and the terms set out in the New Bond Term Sheet.

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee, the Consenting Bondholders or Bingham. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal and financial advisers regarding the effect of the Proposal.

Bondholders' Meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time: Place:

IS June 2012 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time) The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval o f the Summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Approval of the Resolution (as set out below)

Resolution:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting approve the New Bond Issuance on the terms as set out in the New Bond Term Sheet.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour o f the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

ANNEX A
4/4
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann ASA to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann ASA by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Fredrik Lundberg
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form of Attendance/Proxy Form Schedule 1 - April Summons Schedule 2 - New Bond Term Sheet

ANNEX A
NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
I To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0622525 - 15 per cent EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014
Oslo, 12 April, 2012 Summons to Bondholders' Meeting Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") of USD 88,000,000 15 per cent Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014 (the "Bonds") issued by EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited ("EOAL" or the "Company"), The terms and conditions of the Bonds are set out in the loan agreement dated 15 July 2011 (as amended on 31 January 2012) between EOAL and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) (the "Loan Agreement") and as set out in the summons for a Bondholders' Meeting dated 13 January 2012 (the "January Summons"), a copy is attached as Schedule 1 for ease of reference. All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Loan Agreement or the January Summons, unless otherwise defined. The information in this summons regarding the Company and market conditions are provided by the Company, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information. Background As a result of discussions between the Company and certain Bondholders that took place in January 2012, the Loan Agreement was amended on 31 January 2012 so as to reflect the amendments that were set out in the January Summons. These amendments included the addition of an additional event of default as set out in Clause 15.1 (k) as follows:
"(k) Failure to raise equity The Issuer has not, by 31 March 2012, received additional cash equity in the amount o f at least $2,000,000 andprovided evidence o f same to the Bond Trustee (in aform satisfactoiy to the Bond Trustee)." During the week commencing 23 March 2012, the Company approached the Bond Trustee and informed the Bond Trustee that it did not think it would be able to effect the equity raise as required under the Loan Agreement by 31 March 2012. The Company has since confirmed to the Bond Trustee that it did not effect the $2,000,000 equity raise by 31 March 2012, and consequently that an Event o f Default occurred under Clause 15.1 (k) of the Loan Agreement. Certain Bondholders and the Company have been in discussions regarding the implications of the Event of Default as a result of which the Company has reached an agreement with Bondholders (the
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | wwrv.trustee.no

ANNEX A

NORSK TILLITSMANN

"Consenting Bondholders") holding in aggregate, over [·] of the Outstanding Bonds, who have agreed to vote in favour of the resolutions in this Summons regarding a proposed standstill arrangement (the "Standstill Arrangement").
The proposed plan
Standstill Arrangement
It is proposed that under the Standstill Arrangement, Bondholders authorise and direct the Bond Trustee not to (a) seek payment of any amounts that are due and payable under the Bonds; (b) sue for payment in respect of any amount owing and unpaid under the Loan Agreement, or (c) take any enforcement action or any other action available to them under the Finance Documents, so long as the Standstill Conditions (as defined below) are satisfied (the "Standstill").
However, notwithstanding the satisfaction of the Standstill Conditions, the Standstill shall terminate at any time (a) upon written notice by Bondholders holding 33% of the principal face amount of the Outstanding Bonds providing notice of same to the Bond Trustee, or (b) if so approved at a Bondholders' Meeting.
Standstill Conditions
In order for the Standstill to continue, the following conditions shall be satisfied (together, the "Standstill Conditions"):
1, ARV1 to be moved from its current location to a location in Cape Town (South Afr ica) or to another location, in each case, as approved by the Bond Trustee, by the later of (a) 15 May 2012 or (b) the date that has been agreed with the Bond Trustee in consultation with the CRO (as defined below);
2, Mr, Paul Leand of AMA Capita! Partners ("AMA") to be appointed (and remain) as the chairman of the board of directors of the Parent and Chief Restructuring Officer ("CRO") of the Group with the CRO Mandate (as defined below), by no later than [10] April 2012, to be ratified by a resolution of the shareholders by no later than 27 April 2012;
3, Mi-. Johan Fredrik Odfjell to remain as a director of the Parent and as deputy chairman of the board of directors;
4, Parent, Issuer, Cyprus Owning Company ARV1, New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2 and Equinox Energy Holdings Pte, Ltd ("EEH") shall not, and shall procure that their subsidiaries shall not, without the approval of the CRO, (a) enter into any charter relating to ARV1 or ARV2, (b) pay any management fees to EEH, (c) pay the fees of Arctic Securities, otherwise than out of the proceeds of a successful equity raise relating to ARV3, and (d) take any steps, directly or indirectly, with respect to the disposition of any assets within the Group in connection with ARV3; and
5, Fees and costs of Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP ("Bingham") and the CRO to be paid by the Group (it is proposed that Bingham shall be retained as legal adviser to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders)).
To the extent that any of the Standstill Conditions are not, or cease to be, satisfied or complied with by the Group, that the Bond Trustee shall no longer be subject to the Standstill,

ANNEX A

NORSK TILLITSMANN

CRO Mandate
The CRO mandate ("CRO M andate") shall be set out in an engagement letter between the Parent, the Company, AMA and the Bond Trustee, and shall include the following:
(i) Access to Information
hi order that the CRO is able to conduct the CRO Mandate, the Group shall afford the CRO access to any information as required by him with respect to the Group, including but not limited to, in connection with:
1. The Technoil Recovery;
2. The status, location, condition and historical performance of ARV1 and ARV2;
3. Any potential charters for ARV1 (including all correspondence between any members of the Group or EEH and ONGC, Total and Technoil); and
4. The historical and prospective expenditure of the $6.5m that was released by the Bondholders in January 2012.
(ii) Executive Authority
The CRO Mandate shall Include, but not be limited to, being granted responsibility by the board of the Parent for the following:
1. Orchestrating the movement of ARV1 from its current location to a location in Cape Town (South Africa) or to another location (as approved by the Bond Trustee), and to arrange for berthing of ARV1 at that new location;
2. Realising and maximising the value of ARV1 and ARV2; in particular CRO may liaise with any relevant shipyards, industrial partners or potential charter counterparties; and
3. Compiling a report in connection with the historical and prospective expenditure of the $6,5m that was released by the Bondholders from the escrow account in January 2012.
The CRO will not have authority to bind any member of the Group without prior approval of its board, save that full authority shall be given to the CRO upon his appointment with respect to item 1 above. The CRO may be given additional responsibility as is agreed between the CRO and the board of the Parent from time to time
The CRO shall receive at least the same treatment and information as the other directors of Parent, and shall be entitled to vote at board meetings on all matters including those relating to the scope of his mandate (other than the quantum of his fees).
(Hi) Reporting to Bondholders
The CRO shall be entitled to report to the Bondholders or certain of the Bondholders (in his sole discretion) in connection with the:
© historical and prospective expenditure of the $6.5m that was released by the Bondholders from the escrow account in January 2012;
o status, location, condition and historical performance of ARV1 and ARV2;

ANNEX A
NORSK TILLITSMANN

® discussions and negotiations between any members of the Group and/or EEH and ONGC, Total, Teclmoil and any other potential charter counterparties; and

® Teclmoil Recovery process.

The CRO will be entitled to disclose as much information as he sees fit in his sole discretion to individual Bondholders (who may be required to sign a confidentiality agreement) or to the Bond Trustee (including for distribution to the Bondholders),

The Proposal

The Company has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' Meeting to consider the approval of the proposed standstill arrangement described above.

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee, the Consenting Bondholders or Bingham. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable, It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal and financial advisers regarding the effect of the Proposal,

Bondholders' Meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time: Place:

26 April 2012 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time) The premises of Norsk Tillitsmaun ASA Haakon VHs gt 1,01061 Oslo - S,h floor

Agenda:
1. Approval of the Summons, 2, Approval of the agenda, 3, Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Approval of the Resolution (as set out below)

Resolution:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting approve the Standstill Arrangement as described above in this Summons.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 1/2 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged,

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depositoiy (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting, (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered,)

ANNEX A
NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE 5/6
The individual bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy, A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann ASA to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA in due tune before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the fust page of this letter for further details), hi the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds, For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann ASA by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo tune) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place, Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form of Attendance/Proxy Form Schedule 1 - January Summons

ANNEX A

FUNDING TERM SHEET
EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited 20.00% Senior Secured Callable Issue 2012 / 2013
Settlement date: Expected to be 22 June 2012

SUMMARY TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. Introduction

This non-binding indicative term sheet (the "Term Sheet") dated 31 May 2012 sets out the proposed terms for a first priority super senior secured bond loan, subject to definitive documentation between (i) the Issuer and (ii) the Bond Trustee (together the "Term Sheet Parties").

2. Definitions:

Defined terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given to them in the Existing Loan Agreement.

"New Bondholder" means any holder of New Bonds.
"Existing Bonds" means the bonds issued by the Issuer pursuant to the USD88,000,000 Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 11/2014 bond loan agreement dated 15 July 2010, as amended on 31 January 2012 (the "Existing Loan Agreement").
"Existing Bondholder" means a holder of Existing Bonds.
"New Bonds" means the new bonds to be issued by the Issuer as described in this Term Sheet pursuant to a new bond loan agreement (the "New Bond Loan Agreement").

"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement to be entered into between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (on behalf of the Existing Bondholders) and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (on behalf of the New Bondholders).

3.

Issuer:

EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited, a company duly organized and incorporated in Cyprus with registered address at Arch Makariou III, 195, Neocleous House, 3030 Limassol, Cyprus and company registration number HE288213.

4.

Currency:

5.

Loan Amount:

USD
Issuance of New Bonds in one or more issuances up to an aggregate principal face amount of up to USD 20,000,000 (the "Maximum Loan Amount") on the terms set out in this Term Sheet.
Initial issuance of New Bonds of principal face amount USD 7,000,000 (the "Initial Bond Loan"), and subsequent issuance(s) of New Bonds up to the Maximum Loan Amount and on the same terms as set out in this Term Sheet (the "Subsequent Bond Loans" and together with the Initial Bond Loan, each a "New Bond Loan").

UKDOCS/l 109879.12

1

ANNEX A

6.

Issue Price:

The issuance price for each New Bond Loan shall be 80.00% of par value (i.e. an original issue discount of 20% of the principal loan amount)

7.

interest rate:

Annual rate of interest of 20.00% p.a.

In the event of late payment, the interest rate shall increase by 5.00%.

8.

Settlement Date:

The Settlement Date for the Initial Bond Loan is expected to be 22 June 2012. Notice is expected to be given to subscribers a minimum of 2 Business Days prior to the Settlement Date.

9.

Repayment Premium

Upon the repayment of the principal amount of any New Bond Loan,

whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below) or otherwise, the Issuer

shall pay to the relevant New Bondholders an additional amount equivalent

to 20.00% of the principal amount of the New Bonds being repaid.

10. Maturity Date:

The Maturity Date for each New Bond Loan shall be one year after the Settlement Date of the Initial Bond Loan.

11. Interest Payment Date: Interest on each New Bond Loan shall be paid on the Maturity Date.

12. Interest Payments

Interest on each New Bond Loan will accrue from (and including) the

Settlement Date of the relevant New Bond Loan and shall be compounded

on a quarterly basis and payable annually in arrear on the relevant Interest

Payment Date, or if the relevant Interest Payment Date does not fall on a

Business Day on the first following Business Day. Day-count fraction is 360.

13. Number of New Bonds: Initial Bond Loan to comprise 7,000,000 New Bonds.

14. Nominal value: 15. Escrow Account

The New Bonds will have a nominal value of USD1 each. Minimum subscription and allotment amount shall be USD 200,000, and integral multiples of USD 200,000 thereof. The proceeds of each New Bond Loan shall be paid into an escrow account in the name of the Issuer, which shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the relevant New Bondholders) (the "Escrow Account").

The proceeds in the Escrow Account shall be subject to the release controls as set out in Section 23 (Purpose of the Loan) and 24 (Conditions Precedent).

16. Termination of Loan

If, on the Maturity Date of a New Bond Loan, proceeds remain in the Escrow Account, these proceeds shall be repaid to the relevant New Bondholders pro rata to those New Bondholders' holding of New Bonds at that time. Termination bv New Bondholders: The New Bondholders in each New Bond Loan representing a majority of the principal amount of the New Bonds in that New Bond Loan shall be entitled to terminate the relevant New Bond Loan by providing 5 Business Days written notice to the Issuer.

UKDOCS/l 109879.12

Where a New Bond Loan is so terminated by New Bondholders, any remaining funds in the Escrow Account shall be immediately repaid to the relevant New Bondholders pro rata to their holding of New Bonds at that time, provided, however, that Sections 6 (Issue Price), 7 (Interest Rate), 9 (Repayment Premium) and 26 (Sale Fee) shall be deemed not to apply to that portion of the New Bond Loan which is so repaid out of the Escrow Account, such that the New Bondholders shall not have any further claims against the Issuer with respect to such funds or the principal amount of the New Bond Loan so repaid out of the Escrow Account. For the avoidance of doubt, Sections 6 (Issue Price), 7 (Interest Rate), 9 (Repayment Premium) and 26 (Sale Fee) shall apply to all amounts released to the Issuer from the Escrow Account under each New Bond Loan, notwithstanding any subsequent termination of the New Bond Loan prior to its Maturity Date.
2

ANNEX A

Termination by the Issuer: The Issuer may terminate any New Bond Loan at any time by providing 5 Business Days written notice to the Bond Trustee. In such circumstances, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay to the New Bondholders the full principal amount of the New Bond Loan, together with all other amounts that would have been payable with respect to the New Bond Loan, as if that repayment had been made on the Maturity Date and irrespective of whether amounts with respect to the New Bond Loan remain in the Escrow Account. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall use the proceeds remaining in the Escrow Account with respect to that New Bond Loan, towards repayment of that New Bond Loan.

17. Distribution of Initial Bond Loan

All Existing Bondholders shall be entitled to purchase New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan in a pro rata proportion to their holdings of Existing Bonds (the "Right to Purchase"), subject to the minimum subscription and allotment amounts set out in Section 14 (Nominal Value).

To the extent that any Existing Bondholder does not exercise its Right to Purchase, the other Existing Bondholders shall be entitled to subscribe for more than their pro rata proportion of the New Bonds. Accordingly, in such event, each Existing Bondholder shall be entitled to subscribe for more New Bonds than its pro rata holding of Existing Bonds.

The Right to Purchase shall be available to Existing Bondholders for a period up until the date falling 2 Business Days after the date of the Bondholders' Meeting (as described further in Section 33 (Bondholders' Meeting)) (the "Expiry Date").

Certain of the Existing Bondholders have indicated a willingness to purchase a portion of the New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan above their pro rata share, to the extent that the other Existing Bondholders do not exercise their Right to Purchase on or before the Expiry Date.

The New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan shall be distributed amongst the Existing Bondholders who have subscribed for a portion of the New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan above their pro rata share, at the discretion of the Manager. The Manager shall take into account the following considerations in determining such distribution:

(a) primarily, the relative amounts of Existing Bonds held by those Existing Bondholders; and

(b) secondarily, the relative amounts of New Bonds that those Existing Bondholders have subscribed for above their pro rata shares. ____
18. Early Subscription Fee Existing Bondholders that commit to exercise their Right to Purchase prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting (as described further in Section 33 (Bondholders' Meeting)) (the "Early Subscription Date") shall be awarded an additional amount of New Bonds with a principal face amount equivalent to 10.00% of the principal face amount of New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan issued to the relevant Existing Bondholder (the "Early Subscription Fee").

19. Subsequent Bond Loans The Existing Bondholders that participate in the Initial Bond Loan (the "Initial Loan Bondholders") shall have a right of first refusal with respect to participating in Subsequent Bond Loans (the "ROFR"). The Initial Loan Bondholders must notify the Issuer (or Manager) of their intention to exercise their ROFR within 3 Business Days of notice being given that a Subsequent Bond Loan is to be issued (the "ROFR Expiry Date").
To the extent that any Initial Loan Bondholders do not exercise their ROFR by

UKDOCS/l 109879.12

3

ANNEX A

20. Guarantees and Security:
21. Ranking of the New Bonds:
UKDOCS/l 109879.12

the ROFR Expiry Date, those Initial Loan Bondholders shall not have a ROFR with respect to any further Subsequent Bond Loans. Initial Loan Bondholders who do exercise their ROFR shall always have the right to a ROFR in the next Subsequent Bond Loan.
With respect to each Subsequent Bond Loan, each Initial Loan Bondholder shall be entitled to a pro rata amount in that Subsequent Bond Loan based on its holdings of the total New Bonds in issuance at the time. To the extent that any Initial Loan Bondholders do not exercise their ROFR, the other Initial Loan Bondholders shall be entitled to subscribe for more than their pro rata proportion of the New Bonds. Accordingly, in such event, each Initial Loan Bondholder shall be entitled to subscribe for more than its pro rata holdings of New Bonds. The New Bonds shall have the benefit of a guarantee from each of EOAL Cyprus ARV1 Limited ("ARV1 Limited") and EOAL Cyprus ARV2 Limited ("ARV2 Limited") (collectively the "New Bond Guarantees").
Further each of ARV1 Limited and ARV2 Limited shall grant a mortgage in favour of the Bond Trustee respectively over ARV1 and ARV2 (the "New Bond Mortgages").
The New Bond Guarantees shall rank pari passu with the guarantees for the Existing Bonds, subject to the subordination provisions described in Section 21 (Ranking of the New Bonds) below.
The New Bond Mortgages shall technically rank behind the mortgages granted with respect to the Existing Bonds, but shall effectively be given first ranking priority pursuant to the subordination provisions described in Section 21 (Ranking of the New Bonds) below and as per the Intercreditor Agreement.
The New Bonds shall not directly benefit from any of the additional security provided in favour of the Existing Bonds, but shall be entitled to instruct the Bond Trustee for the Existing Bonds to take enforcement steps in relation to that security, as described in Section 22 (Enforcement of Existing Bonds Security) below.
Section 8 of the Existing Loan Agreement shall be amended to reflect the following:
- All amounts owing from time to time with respect to the New Bonds, including all fees and expenses of the Bond Trustee and its advisers (irrespective of whether such fees and expenses have been incurred under the Existing Bond Loan or the New Bond Loan) and all payments under or in connection with the New Bond Guarantees and the New Bond Mortgages, shall in all respects rank ahead of the Existing Bonds and any security and guarantees provided therefor (the "Existing Bonds Security").
- Accordingly, the Bond Trustee for the Existing Bonds shall be authorised to apply all proceeds received by it in connection with the Existing Bonds and the Existing Bonds Security as follows:
a) firstly, in respect of all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred by the Bond Trustee and its advisers under or in connection with the Existing Bonds and/or the New Bonds, and in respect of fees, costs and expenses of AMA; b) secondly, in or towards payment of the New Bonds (including all sums related to the New Bonds); c) thirdly, in or towards payment of the Existing Bonds (including all sums related to the Existing Bonds); d) finally, the balance (if any) shall be paid to the Issuer.
4

ANNEX A

This shall also be reflected in the Intercreditor Agreement.

It shall not be possible to amend this provision without the consent of New

Bondholders holding 662/3% of the principal face amount of the New Bonds.

22. Enforcement of Existing The Intercreditor Agreement shall include provisions dealing with

Bonds Security

instructions to the Bond Trustee for enforcement of the Existing Bonds

security following an Event of Default under the New Bond Loan Agreement

including, as follows:

(a) in addition to the existing provision in the Existing Bond Loan Agreement that Existing Bondholders representing at least 20% of the Existing Bonds may instruct the Bond Trustee to enforce the Existing Bonds Security, New Bondholders representing at least 50% of the New Bonds represented at a bondholders' meeting may instruct the Bond Trustee in writing to enforce the Existing Bonds Security; and

(b) where there is a conflict in instructions to the Bond Trustee, the instructions of the New Bondholders shall prevail.

This shall also be reflected in the Intercreditor Agreement.

23. Purpose of the Loan:

The net proceeds from the Initial Bond Loan and any Subsequent Bond Loan(s) shall be deposited into the Escrow Account, as further described in Section 24 (Conditions Precedent) below. The proceeds in the Escrow Account shall be used solely:

(i) in relation to ARV1 and ARV2; and/or

(ii) funding the going concern of the Issuer, ARV1 Limited and ARV2 Limited.

24. Conditions Precedent Conditions Precedent for Settlement of the Initial Bond Loan: Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Initial Bond Loan to the Escrow Account will be subject to certain conditions precedent customary for these types of transactions, including (but not limited to):

(i) Existing Bondholders to approve the issuance of New Bonds in accordance with Section 33 (Bondholders' Meeting);

(ii)

the New Bond Loan Agreement having been duly executed;

(iii) an agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees duly executed;

UKDOCS/l 109879.12

(iv) the pledge over the Escrow Account duly executed and perfected (including notice to and acknowledgement from the bank holding the Escrow Account);
(v) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to execute the New Bond Loan Agreement and the pledge over the Escrow Account; and
(vi) legal opinions in respect of the New Bond Loan Agreement and pledge over the Escrow Account in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
Conditions Precedent for release from the Escrow Account: The proceeds may only be released from the Escrow Account if:
(i) the New Bond Guarantees have been duly executed;
5

ANNEX A

(ii) the New Bond Mortgages have been duly executed;

(iii) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the parties providing the New Bond Guarantees and New Bond Mortgages have been provided;

(iv) legal opinions in respect of the New Bond Guarantees and the New Bond Mortgages have been provided in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(v) with respect to individual amounts up to $100,000, the written consent of Paul Leand, Chief Restructuring Officer of the Equinox group (the "CRO"), following consultation with Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP as legal adviser to the New Bondholders, has been provided, except that the CRO shall not authorize the release of a series of amounts under $100,000 where the aggregate amount is over $500,000 in any one month; and
(vi) with respect to individual amounts in excess of $100,000, or for aggregate amounts in excess of $500,000 in any one month, the approval of New Bondholders representing at least a majority of the principal amount of the New Bonds (which authority may be provided in writing) has been provided.

Condition Subsequent It shall be a condition subsequent that the New Bond Mortgages shall be perfected by 29 June 2012.

25. Mandatory Redemption Any proceeds from the sale of any of the shares in ARV1 Limited, ARV2 Limited or from the sale of ARV1 or ARV2, shall be used in mandatory redemption of the New Bonds, on the same basis as if there was a termination of a New Bond Loan by the Issuer as described in Section 16 (Termination of the Loan), subject however to the Sale Fee payable pursuant to Section 26 (Sale Fee), and shall be applied first in the repayment of accrued interest and thereafter in the repayment of principal.

26. Sale Fee

In the event of a sale of any of the shares in ARV1 Limited, ARV2 Limited or a sale of ARV1 or ARV2 (a "Sale"), to the extent that any of the proceeds of the Initial Bond Loan or any Subsequent Bond Loans have been released from the Escrow Account on or before the time of the Sale, the New Bondholders (in aggregate) shall receive their pro rata share (relative to their holdings of the New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan or any Subsequent Bond Loans from which proceeds have been released from the Escrow Account) of 20.00% of the net proceeds of the Sale (after relevant broker fees, all fees and expenses of the Bond Trustee and its advisers (irrespective of whether such fees and expenses have been incurred under the Existing Bond Loan or the New Bond Loan) and legal costs have been deducted) as a sale fee (a "Sale Fee") prior to any distributions being made. The Sale Fee shall be distributed amongst the New Bondholders in accordance with each New Bondholders' pro rata holding of New Bonds outstanding at the time of the distribution.

27. Events of Default:

The New Bond Loan Agreement shall include such events of default provisions as are considered standard in the Norwegian high-yield bond market as of the date of the New Bond Loan Agreement, including without limitation:

a) Non-Payment: The Issuer fails to fulfill any payment obligation due under the New Bond Loan Agreement or any of the Finance

UKDOCS/l 109879.12

6

ANNEX A

Documents when due.

b) Breach of other obligations: The Issuer fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation (including satisfaction of the condition subsequent) pursuant to the New Bond Loan Agreement or any of the Finance Documents.

c) Cross Acceleration: The Existing Bondholders accelerate the Existing Bonds in accordance with the terms of the Existing Loan Agreement.

d) Insolvency: The Issuer or any Group Company is subject to any corporate action or legal proceeding or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) for:

(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration, or reorganization (by way of debt settlement, compromise, voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise);

(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, bankruptcy trustee, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iii) enforcement of any security over or arrest, attachment or sequestration of any of its assets.

For events of default relating to (b) above, remedy periods of five (5) Business Days shall apply. For other events of default, no remedy periods will apply. Where the New Bonds are declared to be in default as a result of an Event of Default, the Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid at the price set out in Section 9 (Repayment Premium), and to the extent that a Sale Fee is due under Section 26 (Sale Fee), the Sale Fee shall also be due.

28. Terms:

The New Bond Loan Agreement shall contain basic key covenants, such as the non-incurrence of financial indebtedness (including as set out in Section 29 (Additional Indebtedness) and financial support, and a negative pledge.

29. Additional Indebtedness Neither Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited, the Issuer nor its

Subsidiaries shall be entitled to incur any additional financial indebtedness

without first offering the New Bondholders the opportunity to participate in

a Subsequent Bond Loan on the terms as set out in this Term Sheet.

30. Bond Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo.

31. Manager 32. New Bond Loan
Agreement:

TBC The New Bond Loan Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee acting as the New Bondholders' representative. The New Bond Loan Agreement shall regulate the New Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the New Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the New Bond Loan Agreement, then the New Bond Loan Agreement shall prevail.

33. Bondholder meeting

A Bondholders' meeting of the Existing Bondholders shall be held in order to approve the terms of this Term Sheet (the "Bondholders' Meeting") and Existing Bondholders representing at least 66 2/3% of the Existing Bonds must approve the resolution.

34. Costs

The costs and expenses of the professional advisers to the Issuer, the Existing Bondholders, the New Bondholders and the Bond Trustee relating to the release of the funds in escrow in January 2012, this Term Sheet and the

UKDOCS/l 109879.12

7

ANNEX A

35. Governing Law:

Finance Documents shall be borne by the Issuer, and shall be deducted prior to release from the Escrow Account to the Issuer.
Norwegian law and Norwegian courts (at the competent legal venue of the Bond Trustee).

UKDOCS/l 109879.12

8

