NORDIC TRUSTEE
(Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt medNordic Trustee ASA på telefon +47 22 87 94 00.)
To the bondholders in:
FRN Golden Energy Offshore Service AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2017 with ISIN NO 001 0711732
Oslo, 25 February 2016
SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING - REQUEST FOR STANDSTILL UNTIL 25 APRIL 2016, EXTENSION OF MATURITY DATE AND REDUCTION OF INTEREST, TOGETHER WITH AN OFFER TO BUY BACK BONDS TO REDUCE OUTSTANDING BONDS
Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee") is appointed as bond trustee for the bond issue with ISIN NO 001 0711732 (the "Bond Issue") issued by Golden Energy Offshore Services AS (the "Issuer") pursuant to the terms of a certain bond loan agreement (the "Bond Agreement") dated 28 May 2014 between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Bond Agreement unless otherwise stated.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. Background
The Issuer is operating within the offshore vessel business market and is the owner o f the two platform supply vessels (PSVs) Energy Scout and Energy Swan (together the "Vessels"). The Vessels are currently on charter contracts in Nigeria and Norway respectively.
The Vessels are generating a positive cash flow, but the Issuer has not yet received the full charter payments from the previous employment of Energy Scout in Angola. This has caused certain liquidity difficulties, and in order to maintain operations during 2015 and 2016, the Issuer has accumulated unpaid expenses under the Management Agreements at approximately NOK 20 million to the manager of the Vessels, Golden Energy Offshore Management AS. Energy Scout's employment is on a short term basis and the current spot market is extremely challenging generating only income around vessels OPEX. The Issuer is therefore unlikely capable o f paying interest and instalments should the market continue at the current levels. There is no indication that the market will improve in the short to medium term.
To reflect today's market and the current liquidity situation, the Issuer therefore wishes to request a Standstill (as defined in item 3 (h) below) under the Bond Agreement until 25 April

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1. Oslo

nordictrustee.com

2016, and provided certain conditions are met by 25 April 2016 the amendments to the Bond Agreement described herein will be effective from 25 April 2016.
The Issuer will not make any payment of interest or principal on the next Interest Payment Date (28 February 2016), but subject to the Proposal (as defined and further set out in section 3 below) being adopted, the Issuer will pay interest at the proposed interest rate of 5 per cent with retroactive effect from and including 30 November 2015 to 29 April 2016 (the "April Payment Period"). Such payment will be made on 29 April 2016 (the "April Payment").
Separate claims on the interest payment ("Interest Claim") and instalment payment ("Instalment Claim") originally scheduled to be paid on 29 February 2016 was established on 25 February 2016.
Subject to approval of the Proposal, the Interest Claim will be settled in connection with the April Payment, with an interest rate of 5 per cent with retroactive effect from and including 30 November 2015.
Subject to approval of the Proposal, the Instalment Claim will technically be settled by way of issuing new Bonds in consideration for the Instalment Claim in ratio 1:1 (the "PIK") to reinstate the situation to prior to the Instalment Claim was established. The PIK will be completed as soon as possible following the Bondholders' Meeting.
Currently, the Interest Claim and the Instalment Claim is registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS) as separate claims (the "Claims"). The Claims can be traded independently of the principal claim ("Principal Claim") in the Norwegian market. However, these claims have no ISIN and cannot be traded within the ordinary settlement system. Settlement of trades in the Norwegian market will by default not include the Claims unless it is manually transferred account-to-account. To our knowledge, custodians, such as Euroclear and Clearstream, does not support such detached Claims and will trade the Principal Claim and Claims together. Any disputes with respect to the future distributions to the Claims need to be settled between the parties o f the transaction agreement assisted by the broker of the transaction. Hence, particular care needs to be taken with respect to the Interest Claim and the Instalment Claim in trading o f Bonds in the period prior to settlement o f the Claims.
The Issuer has received a soft commitment from affiliates to the controlling owner to inject additional equity into the Issuer to facilitate the buy-back offer set out in item 2 below (the "Buy-back"). It is provided no guarantee that the equity injection will be made and any changes to the Bond Agreement are subject to the Issuer being able through an equity injection to effectuate the Buy-back. The equity injection is further subject to the Bondholders' approval of the Standstill arrangement up until 25 April 2016, the approval of the changes to the Bond Agreement set out in item 3 below and sufficient Bonds being tendered under the Buy-back offer described below.
The Issuer has previously informed that the values of the Issuers' two Vessels are declining, and that has continued during the second half of 2015. The Issuer is therefore not in compliance with the Asset Cover Ratio Covenant in section 13.6 (a) of the Bond Agreement. The Issuer does not expect that the market will improve in the near future and the Issuer therefore has submitted this proposal which will substantially improve the Issuers' possibility of complying with the terms of the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to the below proposal.
2

The Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' Meeting to consider a request for adjustments to the terms of the Bond Agreement in light of the extremely challenging market.
2. The offer to buy back Bonds
Subject to approval of the Proposal (as defined in section 3 below) and subject to receipt of firm commitment by the Issuer of the additional equity as set out in section 1 above, each of the Bondholders (subject to legal constraints, if any) will in April 2016 be invited to tender all or any part of its Bonds for sale to the Issuer (the "Tender") at a a price of up to 30% of par value with settlement in cash on or about 29 April 2016. The offer will be capped at a total nominal value of NOK 100 million. The Buy-back will be carried out as a reverse auction, in which the Issuer will buy back the Bonds tendered at the lowest prices first and then allocate pro rata between the Bonds tendered up to the nominal value of NOK 100 million among the Bondholders who have delivered a Tender (the "Offer"). Hence, the Offer will be made to all Bondholders on equal terms, in which it is the price offered by each of the tendering Bondholders that determine both the Buy-back price (i.e. the Buy-back may be completed at different prices) and the allocation of Buy-back Bonds.
If the total amount of Tenders from the Bondholders exceeds the nominal value of NOK 100 million, the Issuer may determine in its sole discretion whether and to which extent it shall buy back exceeding Bonds. The Issuer shall however not buy back any Bonds tendered at a price higher than 30% of par value. The Issuer shall apply the same allocation principle as described above also for any Bonds tendered in excess of the nominal value of NOK 100 million. Should not sufficient Bonds be tendered, the Issuer shall have the option, but not be required, to complete a Buy-back of the Bonds actually tendered.
Assuming that the Buy-back is completed, the Bonds being part of the Buy-back will be discharged and result in the number of Outstanding Bonds being reduced with the same number o f Bonds included in the Buy-back. The par value of the Bonds is NOK 1.00.
The Offer will be announced to Bondholders on Newsweb and Stamdata as soon as practical after the Proposal is approved and the Issuer has received firm commitment of the additional equity. Bondholders who wishes to Tender may contact the manager of the Buy-back (the "Manager"), to ensure that they are informed of the applicable Offer period, which will be no less than two and no more than three Business Days (the "Offer Period"). The contact details to the Manager will be published on Newsweb and Stamdata immediately after the Bondholders' Meeting, subject to approval of the Proposal. The date of settlement for the Offer will be on or about 29 April 2016.
As a result o f the Buy-back, the Bonds will be transferred from the selling Bondholders to the Issuer with all accrued rights attached to them (including interest and / or principal payments). As described in section 1 above, subject to approval of the Proposal, the April Payment will be made on 29 April 2016. The Buy-back price will be adjusted for the April Payment to the extent the April Payment is made to the selling Bondholders. Further information will be provided in the Bondholder Tender Form.
A Tender must be made in writing using a separate Bondholder Tender Form, which will be included in the announcement of the Offer, and be submitted to the Manager during the Offer Period.
3

3. The Proposal Based on the foregoing, the Issuer proposes that the following resolution (the "Proposal") be passed by the Bondholders:
(a) Clause 13.4 (b) (dividends and other distributions), is amended to read:
The Issuer may not, during the term o f the Bonds, declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase o f shares or make other distributions to its shareholders.
(b) Currently the Maturity Date is 28 May 2017. The term "Maturity Date" is amended to read:
"Maturity D ate" means 31 December 2017. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
(c) Clause 10.2.1 (Call Option) regarding the applicable call prices is amended to read:
The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole but not in part (all or nothing), at any time before the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 % o f par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
(d) Currently the Issuer pays quarterly instalments of NOK 4.625.000. Clause 10.1 regarding repayment is amended to read:
The Bonds shall mature in fu ll on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.
(e) Due to the amendment of Clause 10.1 as set out in item 3 (d) above, Clause 13.4 (f) (ii) regarding transfers from Earnings Account to Debt Service Account for payment of instalments, is deleted.
(f) The following changes is made with regards to interest:
· The term "Interest Payment Date" is amended to read:
"Interest Payment D ate" means 30 January, 30 April, 30 July, 30 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention "
· Due to the Standstill Period applicable until 25 April 2016 (as defined in item 3 (h) below), the first Interest Payment Date after the approval of this Proposal will be 29 April 2016. The Interest Rate of 5.00 per cent shall apply with retroactive effect from and including 30 November 2015. This will also apply for the Interest Claim.
· As a consequence the interest payable being amended to a fixed rate, the following changes are furthermore implemented:
o The definitions of "Bond Reference Rate" and "Margin" are deleted.
4

o Currently the interest rate is 3 months NIBOR plus a margin of 7.25%. Clause 9.1 is amended to read:

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value o f the Bonds from, and including, 30 November 2015 at a fixed rate o f 5.00 per cent (5.00 %) per annum (the "F ixedRate")

o In Clause 9.4 and in Chapter 1 (Definitions), the word "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is replaced with "Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction", so that the Clause reads:

The day countfraction ( "Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction ") in respect o f the calcidation o f the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number o f days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

o Clause 9.5 is deleted.

o In Clause 9.6 (being the new Clause 9.5) the word "Floating Rate" is replaced with "Fixed Rate" and the word "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is replaced with "Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction", so that the Clause reads:

The payable interest amountper Bondfo r a relevant calculation period shall be calculated asfollows:

Interest = Amount

Face x Value

Fixed x Rate

Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction "

Currently the Asset Cover Ratio shall exceed 120%. Clause 13.6 (a) Asset Cover Ratio is amended to read:

The combined Market Value o f the Vessels shall be at least 100 % o f the Outstanding Bonds.

Due to the Proposal, the Bondholders make the following interim waivers:

The Bondholders agree that the Proposal shall not be regarded as constituting any breach under the Bond Agreement.

The Bondholders agree that a standstill period shall apply until 25 April 2016 (the "Standstill Period"), whereby no interest payment or instalment payment will be made and the following breaches under the Bond Agreement are waived up until 25 April 2016 (the "Standstill"):

o Clause 13.2.1 (d) - (Interim report) and Clause 13.2.2 - (Compliance Certificate) to the extent it relates to 13.2.1. (d)

o Clause 13.4 (f) (i) (Transfers to the Debt Service Account)

o Clause

13.6

(Financial

Covenants)

o Clause

15.1

(a)

(Non-payment)

o Clause

15.1

(b)

(Breach

of

other

obligations)

o Clause 15.1 (c) (Cross-default)

(i) As a condition for the Buy-back, the Bonds tendered by the Bondholders under the Offer must have a nominal value of at least NOK 100 million (however should not sufficient Bonds be tendered, the Issuer shall have the option, but not be required, to complete a Buy-back of the Bonds actually tendered).
(j) The Bondholders approve the PIK o f the Instalment Claim to new Bonds.
The effectiveness of the Proposal is subject to the Issuer being able through an equity injection to effectuate the Buy-back. If these conditions are not met by 25 April 2016 the following shall apply; (i) the original Bond Agreement shall prevail, and (ii) the difference to the currently applicable interest payment and instalment shall be compensated within 5 Business Days (including late payment interest in accordance with Clause 11.5 of the Bond Agreement).
4. Further information
Subject to approval of the Proposal, the Issuer will engage a Manager to structure the Buy back which will take place in April 2016 subject to the conditions set out in this Summons being satisfied. The contact details to the Manager will be published on Newsweb and Stamdata immediately after the Bondholders' Meeting.
The Manager will act solely for the Issuer and no-one else in connection herewith. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the Manager with respect to the Issuer, and the Manager will expressly disclaim any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to the information contained herein).
For further questions to the Bond Trustee, please contact Lars Erik Lacrum at post@nordictrustee.com or +47 22 87 94 00.
5. Evaluation and Non-reliance
The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee and nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal, financial and tax advisers regarding the effect of the Proposal.
The Issuer has discussed the request set forth herein with certain Bondholders, who has indicated that they are positive to the proposal, but the Issuer has not requested any commitments to vote in favour of the proposal.

6

6. Bondholders' meeting

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time: Place:

11 March 2016 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon V11s gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval o f the summons. 2.. Approval o f the agenda. 3. Election o f two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of the Proposal

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:
The Bondholders ' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 3 in the summons to this Bondholders 'Meeting.
The Bondholders further authorise the Bond Trustee to enter into such agreements and documents, consent to such waivers and amendments, take any actions and do all such things on behalf o f the Bondholders as may be necessary or desirable to support or give effect to the Proposal, and/or the exercise o f the Bond Trustee's discretion, including, without limitation, amending and/or waiving the terms o f the Bond Agreement.
The above mentioned resolutions will, according to the Bond Agreement, require a 2/3 majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the bondholders' meeting voting in favour and a minimum half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds being represented at the meeting. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee ASA to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

7

For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (as set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Kind regards Nordic Trustee ASA
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

