NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne meldingen till obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet p å engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001060572.8 - PA Resources AB 12.25 % Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016
Oslo, 17 September 2015
SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING - REQUEST TO AMEND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS AND FOR WAIVER OF FINANCIAL COVENANTS Nordic Trustee ASA (formerly known as Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) (the "Bond Trustee") acts as loan trustee for the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in the " 12.25 % PA Resources AB Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016" with ISIN: NO 001060572.8 (the "Bond Issue"), where PA Resources AB (publ) is the issuer (the "Issuer").
All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this summons (the "Summons") shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the agreement, as amended, for the Bond Issue (the "Bond Agreement").
The information in this Summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.
To enable the Issuer to conduct the proposed changes of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval o f the proposed changes. 1. BACKGROUND AND CORPORATE UPDATE
The Issuer filed for corporate reorganisation on 26 March 2015 ("Reorganisation") in accordance with the Company Reorganisation Act (1996:764) as a result of a perceived inability to make progress in its discussions with its creditors regarding long-term financing of the company. The application was approved by Stockholm District Court on 27 March 2015. The Bondholders' meeting scheduled for 31 March 2015 was subsequently cancelled. Gunvor Group ("Gunvor") enforced its security under the Reserve Based Lending Facility originally dated 21 December 2011 ("RBL") and as a result the Issuer's shares in Osborne Resources Limited, the company holding the Group's assets in Equatorial Guinea, were transferred to Gunvor. Gunvor petitioned for the bankruptcy o f the Issuer on 7 April but recalled the petition on 15 April.

P 0 Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

A creditors' meeting was held on 15 April and the Stockholm District Court approved the Issuer's continued reorganisation until 29 June 2015. In the meantime, the Swedish court has extended the period of corporate reorganisation to 28 September 2015.
The purpose of the corporate reorganisation proceedings is to maintain the operative business of the Issuer and its subsidiaries ("Group") while limiting the Group's liquidity requirements and reducing its financial expenses, thereby safeguarding the value of the Group's assets. During the reorganisation proceedings, the Issuer will continue to focus on securing long-term financing of the business of the Group. In the event that it is not possible to secure such financing, the Issuer will be compelled to realise the Group's assets for the benefit of the Issuer's creditors in order to avoid destruction of the value of the Group's assets.
In order to successfully conduct the reorganisation and maintain the value of the Group's assets, the Issuer requires the cooperation of the Bondholders, as further described in this summons. Absent the cooperation of the Bondholders as described in this summons, it is likely that the Issuer would be forced to file for Swedish law bankruptcy proceedings. If the Issuer became bankrupt there is likely to be a lack of liquidity in the Group to continue the business activities which would lead to the Group companies, in turn, not being able to perform, or otherwise being in default under, their contractual obligations in respect of the Group's projects. In such a situation, there would be a significant risk that the Group companies would lose some or all of their oil and gas licences and the bankruptcy trustee would be compelled to carry out a forced sale of the Issuer's assets, which is likely to have a negative impact on the value of these assets.
The Issuer postponed the release of the annual report and the AGM until 24 June and 28 July respectively.
On 11 May 2015 it was announced that Jerome Schurink resigned as director and chairman of the board of the Issuer. Philippe Probst was appointed as the acting chairman.
On the 22 June 2015 the Issuer announced that it had reached an agreement with certain of its major creditors ("Funding Creditors") for short-term financing required to enable it to complete the reorganisation. The financing is by way of a subscription agreement for the issue of super senior ranking secured notes ("Notes") by the Issuer in an aggregate principal nominal amount of up to USD $15,000,000 with a subscription price of 50 per cent, of the face value of the Note.
In addition, the Issuer has agreed a non-binding indicative term sheet with Gunvor and the Funding Creditors ("Term Sheet") which sets out the terms of (i) a proposed financial restructuring (the "Restructuring Proposal") of the capital structure and certain liabilities of the Issuer in the context of the reorganisation and (ii) following a successful restructuring, if long term financing is not secured, the solvent liquidation of the Issuer.
For further details and Issuer update, reference is made to (i) stock exchange notices and press releases issued on the Issuer's website (www.pai-esources.se), (ii) the Issuer's 2014 annual report published on 24 June 2015.
2

The Bondholders are encouraged to review such information and, if necessary, consult with the Issuer for any further details.
2. PROPOSAL
(a) Pursuant to the information provided above, the Issuer requests that the Bondholders adopt the necessary resolutions to waive and amend the Bond Agreement as follows (the proposed waivers, amendments and resolutions herein being jointly referred to as the "Proposal"):
(i) Any payment of interest and principal owed to the Bondholders by the Issuer and/or any other member of the Group under the Bonds is deferred ("Payment Deferral") until payment is due in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan (as defined in paragraph (b) below), unless accelerated in accordance with Clause 15 of the Bond Agreement.
(ii) In addition to the Payment Deferral any claim of the Bondholders under the Bonds is converted into limited recourse debt that will be exclusively payable from Available Cash Flow (as defined below), in accordance with the order of payment adopted in the Reconstruction Plan. The Bondholders shall share in the Available Cash Flow on the basis set out in the Reconstruction Plan.
(iii) On the earlier of (i) the assets of the Group being sold and the funds distributed in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan (save for an amount of USD 100,000 which will remain in the Group to cover the cost of the formal winding up of the Issuer) and (ii) 27 December 2017, that portion of the debt owing to the Bondholders that would not, following a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Group, be able to be repaid will be converted into equity or, at the option of the Bondholders, written off. The conversion of Bonds into ordinary shares of the Issuer shall take place on the basis that the Bondholders of the Bonds, together will all other creditors of the Issuer whose claims are converted into equity in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan, will, upon conversion, hold shares representing in aggregate 95 per cent of the registered share capital and the votes of the Issuer. The option to either convert that excess portion into equity or write it off leaves it open for each Bondholder to decide at the relevant time which route it wishes to take, based on its own assessment of whether it can, and whether it wishes to, hold equity of the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, no representation is made as to the appropriateness of the conversion mechanism for each Bondholder.
(iv) Interest on the Bonds (and the Deferred Interest Amount - as defined below in paragraph (b)) shall accrue at a rate of 3% per annum for the period from and including 27 March 2015 until repayment or conversion of the Bonds.
3

(v) If, on 27 December 2017, there remain Bonds outstanding (that have not either been repaid or converted into equity), the Bondholders agree to grant the Issuer a further deferral period of 18 months in respect of repayment of any part of the debt constituted by the Bonds remaining outstanding, in accordance with the payment waterfall in the Reconstruction Plan, in order to allow for the formal winding up of the Issuer.

(vi) The Bondholders approve the terms of the Reconstruction Bond (as defined in paragraph (b) below and described in the Term Sheet, including in particular the super priority status under paragraph 10, section 1, item 4 of the Swedish Right of Priority Act (Sw. Formansrattslageri) of all amounts lent pursuant to the Reconstruction Bond and the associated security package and guarantees.

(vii) The Bondholders confirm and agree that certain covenants of the Issuer, including the financial covenants set out in Clause 13.5 {Preservation o f equity and Financial Covenants) of the Bond Agreement, shall cease to apply and any prior breaches of the Bond Agreement, including any Events of Default arising as a result of the issue of the Reconstruction Bond, its super priority status and the associated security package and guarantees, shall be waived.

(viii) The Bondholders authorise and instruct the Bond Trustee, to confirm approval on behalf of the Bondholders in respect of the Reconstruction Plan at any hearing of the Stockholm District Court which takes place to approve the adoption of the Reconstruction Plan (a copy of which is attached hereto as Appendix 1).

(b) The Proposal would entail the following amendments of the terms and conditions of the Bond Agreement:

Current wording (nmeiuled/deleted wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):

Clause 1.1

Clause 1.1

"27 December 2017 Book Value" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 10.6.
"Available Cash Flow" means the cash balance o f the Issuer determined on a weekly basis (and which, on each Quarter Date, shall be reconciled with the Issuer's unaudited quarterly financial information (prepared in accordance with IFRS)), after deductions for the following (which, for the avoidance o f doubt, are not subject to any reconciliation

4

C.'urmil wording (nincndcd/dclrtcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):
with respect to IFRS);
(i) cash not available to the Issuer due to legal or contractual restrictions which would prevent distribution to any creditors;
(ii) an amount equal to the liquidity requirements o f the Issuer as forecast for the next three months in accordance with the Issuer's weekly cashflow forecast;
(Hi) an amount equal to USD 100,000for the solvent winding up o f the Issuer;
(iv) accrued but unpaid amounts under the Management Incentive Plan (provided that to the extent amounts in respect o f the Management Incentive Plan are deductedfrom the WCF Security Cash Flow in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) o f the definition thereof such amounts shall not be subject to further deduction under this sub-paragraph (iv) ); (v) any portion o f the WCF Security Cash Flow payable to GFL pursuant to the WCF Security Cash Flow Waterfall (as defined below) in accordance with the Gunvor Restructuring Agreement (save to the extent a deduction in respect o f such amount is made pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) above); and
(vi) amounts to cover any guarantee or other contingent obligations given or incurred in connection with the Competitive Sales Process.
For the avoidance o f doubt, Enforcement Net Proceeds shall not be included in Available Cash Flow, save to the extent that any amount in respect thereof is paid by GFL to the Issuer in accordance with the Gunvor Restructuring
5

Curm il wording (aiiicndcd/dclclcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):

Agreement.

"Change of Control Event" means that any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Companies Act § 1-3) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Issuer.

[Deleted]

"Competitive Sales Process" means a competitive sales process conducted by the Issuer with the intention o f monetising the Group's assets.

"Congo Reserve Based Facility Agreement" means the US$250,000,000 Reserve Based Facility Agreement dated 6 May 2010 between, amongst others, PA Resources Congo SA as Original Borrower, PA Resources AB and PA Energy Congo Limited as Original Guarantors, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Standard Bank Pic as Mandated Lead Arrangers, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as Facility Agent (as amended and in force from time to time).

[Deleted]

"Debt Facilities" (and each a "Debt Facility") "Debt Facilities" (and each a "Debt Facility")

means (i) PA Resources AB's 13.5% Senior means (i) PA Resources AB's 13.5% Senior

Unsecured Fixed Rate Bond Issue 2013/2016 Unsecured Fixed Rate Bond Issue 2013/2016

(as amended from time to time) (the "SEK (as amended from time to time) (the "SEK

Bond"), (ii) the Reserve Based Loan Facility Bond"), (ii) the Reserve Based Loan Facility

Agreement dated 21 December 2011 entered Agreement dated 21 December 2011 entered

into between, amongst others, the Issuer as into between, amongst others, the Issuer as

borrow and Gunvor S.A. as lender (as borrow and Gunvor S.A. as lender (as

amended from time to time) and (iii) the amended from time to time), (iii) the

Revolving Working Capital Facility dated 31 Revolving Working Capital Facility dated 31

March 2014 entered into between the Issuer as March 2014 entered into between the Issuer as

Borrower and Gunvor Finance Limited as Borrower and Gunvor Finance Limited as

lender (as amended from time to time).

lender (as amended from time to time) and (iv)

the Reconstruction Bond.

6

Current wording (amcndcd/dclctcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):

"Debt Facility Payment Date" means 5 February 2015, being the interest payment date under each of the Debt Facilities (other than the SEK Bond), and 7 February 2015, being the interest payment date under the SEK Bond, to which the next payment of interest has been deferred.

[Deleted]

"Deferred Interest Amount" means the "Deferred Interest Amount" means an

interest amount referred to in Clause 9.2.

amount o f NOK 83,055,299.31 (being the sum

o f (i) the accrued but unpaid interest amount

at a rate o f 12.25 per cent, per annum on the

Bonds from (and including) 5 April 2014 up

until (and excluding) 5 October 2014, (ii) the

accrued interest amount at a rate o f 12.25 per

cent, per annum on the Bonds fi-om (and

including) 5 October 2014 to 26 March 2015

and (Hi) the interest which accrues at a rate o f

12.25 per cent, per annum (calculated in

accordance with Clause 7.3) in respect o f the

accrued and deferred interest amount referred

to in (i) above from (and including) 5 October

2014 to 26 March 2015).

"Deferred Payment Date" means 31 March 2015, or such earlier date as is determined in accordance with clause 9.7.

[Deleted]

"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Equity to [Deleted] Capital Employed

"Enforcement Net Proceeds" means any cash consideration irrevocably received by GFL following any enforcement o f the WCF Security provided that such proceeds are not reasonably likely to be subject to avoidance or reduction pursuant to any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws and after deducting any costs, fees, expenses and/or taxes which are incurred or payable, or

7

Current wording (amcnded/deletcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):
reasonably expected to be incurred or payable, by GFL in connection with such enforcement and recoverable by GFL pursuant to the WCF or any Finance Document (as defined in the WCF).
"Equitisation" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 10.4.1.
`Equitisation Notice " has the meaning given to such term in Clause 10.5.1.
"Final Distribution" means a date on which all or substantially all o f the assets o f the Group have been sold or otherwise disposed of and allfunds from the transfers (save fo r USD 100,000 which remains in the Issuer to cover the costs o f the formal winding up) have been distributed amongst the Issuer's creditors in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan.
"Final Distribution Date" means the date on which the Final Distribution occurs.
"GFL" means Gunvor Finance Limited.
"Gunvor" means Gunvor S.A. and/or Gunvor Finance Limited.
"Gunvor Restructuring Agreement" means the agreement relating to the Reconstruction Plan between the Issuer, PA Resources Overseas, PA Resources Tunisia Pty Limited, Gunvor S.A., GFL and Osborne Resources Limited.
"Interest Payment Date" means 5 October "Interest Payment Date" means the Maturity and 5 April each year and the Maturity Date. Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Management Incentive Plan" means the incentive plan in respect o fsenior management
8

Current wording (amcndcd/dclctcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):
o f the Group summarised in Appendix A to these Terms and Conditions1.

"Maturity Date" means 5 April 2016 or an "Maturity Date" means the earlier o f the earlier maturity date as provided for in this Final Distribution Date and 27 December Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may 2017. be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Murphy "means Murphy West Africa Ltd.

"Murphy Agreement" means the agreement between the Issuer, PARC and Murphy as referred to in paragraph 6 o f the Composition Plan.

"Opt Out Right" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 10.5.2.

"Osborne" means Osborne Resources Ltd, a company incorporated in the Bahamas.

"PAR Overseas" means PA Resources Overseas, a company incorporated in England.

"PARC" means PA Resources Congo SA, a company incorporated in the Republic o f Congo.

"PART" means PA Resources Tunisia Pty Limited, a company incorporated in Australia.

"Permitted Encumbrances" means all Encumbrances created or expressed to be created pursuant to the Congo Reserve Based Facility Agreement.

"Permitted Encumbrances" means all Encumbrances created or expressed to be created pursuant to the Reconstruction Bond Documents and the WCF Security.

1Attached as Appendix 1 to this Notice

"PRAB Post-Equitisation Pro Forma Equity " means the post equitisation pro forma issued ordinary registered share capital and
9

Current wording (uincndcd/deletcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):
voting rights in the Issuer (on the basis that there shall be no other class o f shares in the Issuer at the time o f such conversion save for ordinary shares ranking pari passu in all respects with the ordinary shares into which the Residual Bond Claims shall be converted and save for any deferred shares which carry no voting rights and have negligible economic rights).
"Reconstruction Bond" means the up to USD 15,000,000, 5 per cent. Guaranteed Secured Notes due 26 March 2016 governed by the Subscription Agreement dated 19 June 2015 between (1) the Issuer (2) ID-Sparinvest, Branch o f Sparinvest S.A., (3) certain subscribers named therein and (4) Wilmington Trust (London) Limited (as amendedfi'om time to time).
"Reconstruction Bond Documents" means the Subscription Agreement and the Finance Documents (as defined in the Subscription Agreement).
"Reconstruction Plan " means the plan fo r the reconstruction o f the Issuer pursuant to the Swedish Act on reconstruction (SW: Lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) substantially in the form attached hereto as Appendix 1 as approved by the relevant unsecured creditors and the Stockholm District Court.
"Reconstructor" means Lars Söderqvist o f the law firm Hökerberg & Söderqvist Advokatbyrå KB in his capacity as reconstructor appointed to the Issuer pursuant to the Swedish Act on reconstruction (SW.: Lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) or any alternative reconstructor appointed to the
10

Current wordinj» (imiendcd/dclcted wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):
Issuer.
"Reorganisation Process" means a corporate reorganisation approved by the Stockholm District Court in accordance with the Company Reorganisation Act (1996:764).
"Residual Bond Claims" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 10.1A.
"Retained Residual Claim" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 10.4.3.
"Shareholder Approvals" means receipt o f the requisite resolutions o f the shareholders o f the Issuer in an extraordinary general meeting o f the Issuer convened to approve such matters necessary to implement the Equitisation as may require the consent o f the shareholders.
"Subscription Agreement" means the Subscription Agreement dated 19 June 2015 between (1) the Issuer (2) ID-Sparinvest, Branch o f Sparinvest S.A., (3) certain subscribers named therein and (4) Wilmington Trust (London) Limited (as amendedfrom time to time).
"Unrealised Assets" means, where the Final Distribution Date has not occurredprior to 27 December 2017, the assets o f the Issuer as at 2 7 December 2017.
"Ultimate Proceeds" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 10.6.
"WCF" means the working capital facility agreement dated 31 March 2014 between GFL, the Issuer and PAR Overseas, as amended and/or amended and restated from time to time including pursuant to amendment agreements relating thereto dated 15 October 2014 and 26 February 2015.
11

Current wording (nmended/deleted wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics).'
"WCF Indebtedness" means any amounts owed to GFLfrom time to time by any member o f the Group pursuant to the WCF or any Finance Document (as such term is defined in the WCF) including without limitation any principal, interest or any other amounts due under such agreements.
"WCF Security" means the charge over the shares in PART granted to GFL, and any other Security created in favour o f GFL to secure indebtedness under the WCF Indebtedness.
"WCF Security Cash Flow" means the proceeds unconditionally received by the Issuer or which are or may be distributed to the Issuer pursuant to the Gunvor Restructuring Agreement in respect o f a disposal or other realisation o f assets secured by the WCF Security including, fo r the avoidance o f doubt, from a sale o f shares in PART, a sale o f the assets o f PART, a sale of the shares in PAR Overseas and/or a sale o f any other assets forming part o f the WCF Security in each case less:
(i) any costs or expenses which have been reasonably and properly incurred by the Issuer in connection with such disposal or realisation to the extent such costs or expenses are to be satisfied from the proceeds o f such disposal; and
(ii) the aggregate amounts payable to management in accordance with the Management Incentive Plan in respect o fsuch disposal (provided always that any amounts payable to management in accordance with the Management Incentive Plan in respect o f such disposal shall, to the extent any deduction is made in respect o ffees or expenses as referred to in (i) above, be calcidated in respect o f the
12

Current wording (simended/deleted wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics):
proceeds o f the disposal net o f such deduction).
"WCF Security Cash Flow Waterfall" means the following distribution o f WCF Security Waterfall Proceeds to be shared between the Issuer and GFL as follows in accordance with the Gunvor Restructuring Agj-eement
(a) 25 per cent, o f the first USD 10.000. 000 (in aggregate) o f any WCF Security Waterfall Proceeds shall be promptly paid in full (without any withholding, deductions or set-off of any kind) by or on behalf o f the Issuer to, or retained in full by, GFL (as applicable) for application towards discharge o f the WCF Indebtedness;
(b) 75 per cent, o f the first USD 10.000. 000 (in aggregate) o f any WCF Security Waterfall Proceeds shall be promptly paid in full (without any withholding, deductions or set-off o f any kind) by GFL to, or retained in full by, the Issuer (as applicable) for distribution by the Issuer to the Issuer's creditors in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan;
(c) amounts in excess o f USD 10,000,000 up to and including USD 28,000,000 (in aggregate) o f any WCF Security Waterfall Proceeds shall be promptly paid in full (without any withholding, deductions or set-offo f any kind) by or on behalf o f the Issuer to, or retained in full by, GFL (as applicable) for application towards discharge o f the WCF Indebtedness; and
(d) amounts in excess o f USD 28,000,000 (in aggregate) o f any WCF Security Waterfall Proceeds shall be promptly paid in full (without any withholding, deductions or set-off o f any kind) by GFL to, or retained in full by, the Issuer (as applicable) for distribution by the Issuer to the Issuer's creditors
13

Current wording (amcndcd/dcletcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):
in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan.

Clause 8.1

"WCF Security Waterfall Proceeds" means Enforcement Net Proceeds received by GFL in circumstances where a portion o f such Enforcement Net Proceeds is payable by GFL to the Issuer in accordance with the Gunvor Restructuring Agreement and all WCF Security Cash Flow
Clause 8.1

The Bonds shall be unsubordinated debt of the The Bonds constitute direct, general,

Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu unconditional, unsecured obligations o f the

with all other obligations of the Issuer (save Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu

for such claims which are preferred by and without any preference among them, and

bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other shall rank vis a vis the other creditors as set

similar laws of general application).

out in the Reconstruction Plan.

Clause 9.1

Clause 9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 12.25 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, 27 March 2015 at a fixed rate of 3.00 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

Clause 9.2

Clause 9.2

Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falls in October 2011. The interest payment due in October 2014 shall, however, be deferred until the Deferred Payment Date. The relevant deferred amount (the "Deferred Interest A m ount") shall be made to such person who is entitled to receive the interest payment on the Deferred Payment Date.

Payment of interest in respect of the Bonds (including the Deferred Interest Amount) shall be deferred until the Maturity Date.

14

Current wording (amcnded/delcied wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):

Clause 9.3

Clause 9.3

For the period from, and including, the Interest Payment Date in October 2014 to, but excluding, the Deferred Payment Date, the Deferred Interest Amount will carry an interest which accrues at an interest rate of 12.25 per cent, per annum (calculated pursuant to Clause 9.5) and is payable by the Issuer on the Deferred Payment Date (in addition to the interest calculated pursuant to Clause 9.4). The payment of the interest shall be made to such person who is entitled to receive the interest payment on the Deferred Payment Date.

The payment o f the Interest and Deferred Interest Amount shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant due date o f such payments.

Clause 9.4

Clause 9.4

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date. The interest payable amount due on the Deferred Payment Date shall, however, be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Interest Payment Date in April 2014 to, but excluding, the Deferred Payment Date, and the interest payable amount due on the Interest Payment Date in April 2015 shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Deferred Payment Date, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date in April 2015.

[Deleted]

Clause 9.7

Clause 9.7

9.7.1 The Deferred Payment Date shall (if applicable) be determined to be a date earlier than 5 February 2015, being the date that is 30 days following (and including) the date on which the Bond Trustee gives written notice of the same to

[Deleted]

15

Current wordin'; (amendcd/dcleied wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):
the Issuer with the approval of Bondholders if Bondholders holding a simple majority of the Voting Bonds have instructed it to do so either by (i) written instruction to the Bond Trustee or (ii) a resolution passed in a Bondholders' Meeting.
9.7.2 Notwithstanding what is set out in Clause 9.7.1 above:
(a) if a notice is sent to the Issuer under another Debt Facility to bring a Debt Facility Payment Date forward, the Deferred Payment Date under this Bond Agreement shall be construed to be the same earlier date as the new Debt Facility Payment Date, without any further action on behalf of the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee; or
(b) if the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pays or settles any amount (whether principal, interest, fees or otherwise) with respect to any other Debt Facility, the Deferred Payment Date under this Bond Agreement shall be construed to be the same date as the relevant payment or settlement occurs under the other Debt Facility, without any further action on behalf of the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee.

Clause 10.1

Clause 10.1

The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in installments as follows:
Payment Date Amount
On the Interest Payment Date in April 2013 - 90,000,000
On the Interest Payment Date in April 2014- 135,000,000

Subject to clause 10.1A, the Issuer shall repay all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds on the Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the face value thereof together with accrued but unpaid interest and a pro rata portion of the Deferred Interest Amount.

16

Cur m il wording (nincndcd/dclclcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):

On the Interest Payment Date in April 2015 - 135,000,000
On the Maturity Date - the Outstanding Bonds

Clause 10.1A
The Bonds shall only be repayable, whether in full or in part, from Available Cash Flow in accordance with the order of payment set out in the Reconstruction Plan.

Instalments shall be carried out at par value (100 %) plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
Instalments must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).

Any amount payable from Available Cash Flow and apportioned to the Bonds in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan shall be applied in (partial) repayment of the Bonds and the provisions of clause 11 shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of such payment.

To the extent that, on the earlier o f the Final Distribution Date and 27 December 2017, the aggregate book value o f all Unrealised Assets (less USD 100,000, which remains in the Issuer to cover the costs o f theformal winding up) is insufficient to redeem the outstanding Bonds (plus accrued but unpaid interest thereon) in full in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan, all such residual amounts due in respect o f the Bonds (the "Residual Bond Claims") shall be subject to Clause 10.4 below.

Clause 10.3

Clause 10.3

Change o f control

[Deleted]

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence o f a Change of Control Event each Bondholder shall have a right o f pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price o f 100 % o f par value plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within 60 calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee o f a

17

Current wording (umcndcd/dclelcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in Halits):
Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.
The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen - 15 - Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
10.3.3 On the settlement date o f the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1, if applicable) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.
Clause 10.4
Clause 10.4
10.4 Equitisation
10.4.1
(i) Subject to clause 10.5 and to the passing o f the Shareholder Approvals, the Residual Bond Claims shall be subject to an equitisation mechanism whereby, in accordance with this Clause 10.4:
(a) if the Final Distribution Date has not occurred before 27 December 2017, some or all o f the Residual Bond Claims will be converted into ordinary shares o f the Issuer on 27 December
18

Current wording (nmended/dcleted wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics)'.
2017; and
(b) if earlier, all Residual Bond Claims will be converted into equity o f the Issuer on the date falling 28 days following the date on which the Bond Trustee has been satisfied (in its reasonable discretion) that the Competitive Sales Process has been completed in respect o f all or substantially all o f the assets o f the Group and all proceeds therefrom have been distributed to creditors in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan (save fo r US$100,000 in respect o fwinding up costs)
(each an ``Equitisation ", and the date on which Equitisation takes place being the "Equitisation Date").
10.4.2 The Equitisation shall take place at a conversion price which will be set at a level such that the holders o f the Residual Bond Claims, together with other creditors o f the Issuer whose claims are converted into equity in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan (including the agreements referred to in section 6 o f the Reconstruction Plan (other than the Reconstruction Bond documents) (together, the "Equitised Creditors"), will, upon conversion, hold shares equating in aggregate to 95per cent, o f the PRAB Post-Equitisation Pro Forma Equity.
10.4.3 Where the Equitisation occurs prior to the Final Distribution Date, such conversion shall be effected in relation
19

Current wording (iinicndcd/deleled wording I'ropo.sed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):

to a percentage o f the debt (x) owed to

each Equitised Creditor determined in

accordance with the formula (the

"Equitisation

Conversion

Calculation"):

x = ((a - (b - (c + d)))/a) *100

where

a is the total debt owed by the Issuer to the Equitised. Creditors as at the Equitisation Date (expressed in US Dollars);

b is an amount equal to the aggregate

book value o f the assets o f the Issuer

less any applicable writedowns or

depreciations

(calculated

in

accordance with applicable accounting

rules) as at the Equitisation Date

(expressed in US Dollars);

c is USD 100,000 (being the anticipated cost o f the formal winding up o f the Issuer); and

d is the Issuer's goodfaith estimate of the costs and other liabilities (if any) expected to be incurred by the Issuer in connection with the completion o f the Competitive Sales Process (save to the extent any such costs are taken into account as part o fa, b or c above),

all expressed as positive numbers,

PROVIDED THAT

(1) where the Competitive Sales Process has not been completed and the assets that remain unsold include assets the subject o f the WCF Security in favour o f GFL then, in accordance with the

20

(.'nrrenl wording (nnicndcd/delcted wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):

Gunvor Restructuring Agreement (as referred to in the Composition Plan), there shall be deducted from a and b an amount equal to GFL's Share o f the book value attributable to the assets the subject o f the WCF Security in the Issuer's balance sheet as at the Equitisation Date (the "WCF Security Relevant Book Value"). GFL's Share for these purposes shall be such amount as would be payable to GFL in accordance with the WCF Security Cash Flow Waterfall if the WCF Security Cash Flow> were equal to the WCF Security Relevant Book Value; and

(2)

where the Competitive Sales

Process has not been completed and

the assets that remain unsold include

assets o f PARC then, in accordance

with the Murphy Agreement, there

shall be deducted from a and b an

amount equal to the Relevant Fraction

(as defined in the Murphy Agreement)

o f the book value attributable to the

PARC Assets in the Issuer's balance

sheet as at the Equitisation Date.

In such circumstances, the proportion o f the Residual Bond Claims attributable to a Bondholder that is not subject to equitisation in accordance with the above formula shall be referred to as the "Retained Residual Claim".

10.4.3 The Equitisation will take place on the basis that the new ordinary shares will be issued by the Issuer and subscribed

21

Current wording (uinended/deleted wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):
by the Equitised Creditors with the subscription amount fo r each share to be issued to be satisfied by way o f set o ff and cancellation o f the relevant amount o f debt owed by the Issuer to the Equitised Creditors. Each o f the Bondholders hereby authorises the Bond Trustee to sign such documentation on behalf o f such Bondholder as may be necessary or, in the discretion o f the Bond Trustee, appropriate to give effect to the Equitisation, subject to the terms set out in this Clause 10.4.
10.4.5 The obligation to make any payment or repayment o f any Retained Residual Claims shall automatically be deferred until 26 June 2019, in order to allow theformal winding up o f the Issuer.
Opt Out Right
10.5.1 Bondholders shall be notified by the Bond Trustee o f the proposed date for Equitisation ("Equitisation Notice"), the Bond Trustee having been notified o f such date by the Issuer not less than 28 days in advance o f such proposed date.
10.5.2 The Equitisation Notice shall provide all Bondholders with a period o f 10 (ten) business days within which to notify the Bond Trustee in writing that the Bondholder wishes to opt out o f the Equitisation in respect o f the proportion o f the Residual Bond Claims (that would otherwise be subject to equitisation pursuant to Clause 10.4 and would not constitute
22

Current wording (aniended/deleled wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):
Retained Residual Claims) attributable to it ("Opt Out Right").
10.5.3 Bondholders who exercise their Opt Out Right by sending the requisite notice to the Bond Trustee within the 10 business day period referred to in clause 10.5.2 shall not receive any shares in the Issuer and the proportion o f the Residual Bond Claims (that would otherwise be subject to equitisation pursuant to Clause 10.4 and would not constitute Retained Residual Claims) attributable to such Bondholders shall be written o ff infull.
10.5.4 Any Bondholder that does not participate in the Opt Out Right shall have its part o f the Residual Bond Claims (that is subject to equitisation pursuant to Clause 10.4 and does not constitute Retained Residual Claims) automatically converted into shares in the Issuer in accordance with clause 10.4, without any further consent or approval being sought from that Bondholder.
10.6 Where the Final Distribution Date has not occurred by 27 December 2017 and Bondholders have a Retained Residual Claim following the Equitisation, then (i) where, thereafter, the aggregate net proceeds realised in respect o f the Unrealised Assets (the "Ultimate Proceeds") exceeds the aggregate book value atoibutable to such Unrealised Assets as at 27 December 2017 (the "27 December 2017 Book Value"), the Bondholders shall have no claim (in their capacity as creditor) in respect o f any part o f
23

Current wording (aincndcd/dclctcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italicw):
such excess and (ii) where, thereafter, the Ultimate Proceeds are less than the 27 December 2017 Book Value, the Bondholders shall have no claim in respect o f the shortfall between the 27 December 2017 Book Value and the Ultimate Proceeds.

Clause 11.4

Clause 11.4

Interest in the event o f late payment

[Deleted]

11.4.1 In the event that payment o f interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.
11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

Clause 13.2.1(b), (c) and (d)

Clause 13.2.1(b), (c) and (d)

The Issuer shall

[Deleted]

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect; (c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or change the nature o f its business;

24

Current wording (umendcd/dclclcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics):
in italics):
(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements annually and Quarterly Financial Reports quarterly and make them available on its website in the English language (including any Quarterly Financial Reports) as soon as they become available, and not later than 90 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

Clause 13.2.3

Clause 13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue o f its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the financial covenants in Clause 13.5. Such confirmation shall be made in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer. In the event of noncompliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the noncompliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to remedy the noncompliance.

[Deleted]

Clause 13.3(a)

Clause 13.3(a)

(a) Pari passu ranking

(a) Ranking

The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims o f all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank vis a vis the other unsecured creditors as set out in the Reconstruction Plan.

25

Current wording' (amended/dclcted wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):

Clause 13.3(b) - (d)

Clause 13.3(b) - (d)

(b) Mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

[Deleted]

(c) De-mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation o f business

(i) The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business.
(iii) The Issuer shall ensure that each of the Material Subsidiaries shall not cease to

26

C urrent wording (nnicnded/dclelcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):
carry out its business, if so discontinuing the relevant activities have a Material Adverse Effect.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, if such change would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(e) Disposal o f business The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose o f all or a substantial part o f the Group's assets or operations, unless
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer, or any Subsidiary, shall be entitled to carry out license portfolio transactions, including a reduction of ownership share or divestment of, production licenses at fair market value, provided that such license portfolio transactions would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Financial arrangements
The Issuer shall not make any financial arrangements concerning any asset which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

Clause 13.3(e)

Clause 13.3(e)

(e) Disposal o f business

(e) Disposal o f business

The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or

27

Current wording (aniendcd/dclcled wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):

otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and

otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless the transaction is carried out in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan and the Competitive Sales Process.

(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer, or any Subsidiary, shall be entitled to carry out license portfolio transactions, including a reduction of ownership share or divestment of, production licenses at fair market value, provided that such license portfolio transactions would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

Clause 13.3(f)

Clause 13.3(f)

(f) Financial arrangements

[Deleted]

The Issuer shall not make any financial arrangements concerning any asset which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

Clause 13.3(g)

Clause 13.3(g)

(g) Negative pledge

(g) Negative pledge

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, create or permit to subsist or allow to exist over any o f its present or future assets or revenues, any Encumbrance other than Encumbrances granted for:

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, create or permit to subsist or allow to exist over any o f its present or future assets or revenues, any Encumbrance other than Encumbrances granted for:

(i) any RBL; (ii) any derivate transaction related to the Issuer's hedging policy; (iii) any Working Capital Facility; or

(i) any RBL; (ii) any derivate transaction related to the Issuer's hedging policy; (iii) any Working Capital Facility;

28

Current wording (aiucndcd/dcletcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):

(iv) any lien arising by operation o f law.

(iv) the Reconstruction Bond; or (v) any lien arising by operation of law.

Clause 13.3(h)

Clause 13.3(h)

(h) Financial Indebtedness restriction

(h) Financial Indebtedness restriction

The Issuer shall ensure that no Subsidiary incur, create or permit to subsist any additional Financial Indebtedness to any other person not being a member of the Group other than:

The Issuer shall ensure that no Subsidiary incur, create or permit to subsist any additional Financial Indebtedness to any other person not being a member o f the Group other than:

(i) any RBL; (ii) any derivative transaction related to the Issuer's hedging policy; or (iii) any Working Capital Facility.

(i) any RBL; (ii) any derivative transaction related to the Issuer's hedging policy; (iii) any Working Capital Facility; (iv) in connection with the Reconstruction Bond; or (v) in connection with the Competitive Sales Process.

Clause 13.3(i)

Clause 13.3(i)

(i) Financial Support restriction

[Deleted]

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, make or grant any Financial Support, save for:

(i) any guarantee, credit or indemnity made, granted or given in the ordinary course of business;

(ii) any guarantee made, granted or given in respect of any Financial Indebtedness permitted under Clause 13.3(h) above;

(iii) any intragroup loans between Group Companies; or

(iv) any Encumbrances related to any Working Capital Facility.

29

Current wording (anicndcd/delctcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):

Clause 13.3(j)

The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee o f Available Cash Flow promptly following the determination o f Available Cash Flow, o f any legal or contractual restrictions o f the type referred to in paragraph (a) o f the definition o f Available Cash Flow, o f any guarantee or other obligations which are expected to lead to any deduction in accordance with paragraph (e) o f the definition o fAvailable Cash Flow, in each case promptly upon becoming aware o f the same, and o f the material details o f any disposals made by the Group in connection with the Competitive Sales Process. The Issuer undertakes that it shall not enter into any legal or contractual restriction o f a type referred to in sub-paragraph (i) o f the definition o f Available Cash Flow save where this is considered by the Issuer in good faith to be necessary or appropriate (i) in connection with the Competitive Sales Process or (ii) with the intention o f optimising the aggregate amount that will ultimately be capable o f being paid to Bondholders.

Clause 13.4(a)

Clause 13.4(a)

(a) Intra-group transactions

[Deleted]

All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions o f applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions.

Clause 13.4(c)

Clause 13.4(c)

30

Current wording (ninendcd/dcleted wording Proposed Holding (new wording in italics): in italics):

(c) Ownership o fMaterial Subsidiaries

(c) Ownership o f Material Subsidiaries

The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Material Subsidiaries, and shall cause each Material Subsidiary not to issue or sell any new shares, treasury shares or other ownership interest, to any third party.

The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Material Subsidiaries, and shall cause each Material Subsidiary not to issue or sell any new shares, treasury shares or other ownership interest, to any third party, other than in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan and the Competitive Sales Process.

Clause 13.4(d)

Clause 13.4(d)

(d) Subsidiaries ' distributions

(d) Subsidiaries ' distributions

Other than under the Congo Reserve Based Facility Agreement, the Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or Encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) pay any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer, make any loans to the Issuer or (iii) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer, except if provided in this Bond Agreement.

Other than under the Reconstruction Bond, the Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or Encumbrance) restricting the right o f any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) pay any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer, make any loans to the Issuer or (iii) transfer any o f its assets and properties to the Issuer, except if provided in this Bond Agreement.

Clause 13.4(e)

Clause 13.4(e)

(e) Corporate status

[Deleted]

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.

Clause 13.5(a)

Clause 13.5(a)

(a) Dividends and other distributions

(a) Dividends and other distributions

The Issuer shall not within a calendar year The Issuer shall not within a calendar year

31

Current wording (iiinended/deleted wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):

declare or make any dividend payments or declare or make any dividend payments or

other distributions or loans to its other distributions or loans to its

shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - shareholders - whether in cash or in kind -

including without limitation repurchase of including without limitation repurchase of

shares, any total return swaps or shares, any total return swaps or

instruments with similar effect and instruments with similar effect and

reductions in its share capital or equity (but reductions in its share capital or equity (but

always distributions of bonus shares not always distributions of bonus shares not

affecting its equity) that constitute more affecting its equity) that constitute more

than 40 per cent of (on a consolidated than 40 per cent of (on a consolidated

basis) the Issuer's net profit after write basis) the Issuer's net profit after write

downs and taxes for the previous financial downs and taxes for the previous financial

year. Any un-utilized portion of the year. Any un-utilized portion of the

permitted distribution may not be carried permitted distribution may not be carried

forward. Notwithstanding the above, the forward. Notwithstanding the above, the

Issuer shall not, prior to the Deferred Issuer shall not, prior to the Deferred

Payment Date, propose or make any Payment Date, propose or make any

dividends or other distributions or dividends or other distributions or

payments to its shareholders. Furthermore, payments to its shareholders. Furthermore,

the Issuer shall not make any interest the Issuer shall not make any interest

payments under the Debt Facilities prior to payments under the Debt Facilities, other

the Deferred Payment Date.

than the Reconstruction Bond, prior to the

Maturity Date.

Clause 13.5(b)

Clause 13.5(b)

(b) Equity Ratio

[Deleted]

The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Equity Ratio of minimum 40 %.

Clause 13.5(c)

Clause 13.5(c)

(c) Minimum Equity

[Deleted]

The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a minimum Equity of SEK 1,000,000,000.

The Minimum Equity Covenant and the Equity Ratio Covenant shall be complied with at all times, and tested on each

32

Current wording (umcnded/dclctcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):
Quarter Date or upon the reasonable request of the Bond Trustee.

Clause 15.1(c)

Clause 15.1(c)

The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event o f Default") if:

(c) Cross default

If for the Issuer or any Subsidiary the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total o f NOK 20 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies and;)i(
(i) any such Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, (ii) any such Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), (ii) any commitment for any such Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result o f an event of default (however described), or (iii) any creditors becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event o f default (however described).

the Bond Trustee gives not less than 14 days' notice in writing to the Issuer, upon the instructions o f Bondholders holding more than 50 p er cent, o f the Adjusted Nominal Amount either (i) by written instruction to the Bond Trustee or (ii) according to the provisions in Clause 16 (Bondholders' meeting) in circumstances where:
(a) the Issuer ceases to be in the Reorganisation Process in circumstances where no Reconstruction Plan has been adopted; or
(b) a default has occurred under the Reconstruction Bond which is an Event o f Default in accordance with the terms thereof and such Event o f Defaidt is continuing and has not been waived pursuant to the Reconstruction Bond; or
(c) any creditor takes enforcement action against the Issuer in connection with any breach or alleged breach o f agreement or other binding obligation by the Issuer; or

(d) the Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries pays or settles any amount (whether

33

Current wording (nnicndcd/delclcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):
principal, interest, fe e s or otherwise) with respect to any other Debt Facility other than in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan; or
(e) the Issuer fails to comply in any material respect with the terms o f the Reconstruction Plan.

Clause 15.1(d) to (g) (inclusive)

Clause 15.1(d) to (g) (inclusive)

The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event o f Default") if:

[Deleted]

(d) Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(e) Insolvency

If for the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary

(i) a suspension o f payments, a moratorium

o f any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution,

administration

or

reorganisation (by way of voluntary

arrangement, scheme of arrangement or

otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or

reorganisation,

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,

34

Current wording (niucnded/deletcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics):

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other

than in respect o f a solvent liquidation),

receiver,

administrative

receiver,

administrator, compulsory manager or

other similar officer o f any of its assets; or

(iv) enforcement o f any security over any o f its assets.

(f) Creditors'process

The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary has a substantial proportion of the assets for an aggregate value in excess of SEK 20,000,000 impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any o f its assets.

(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings
The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect o f the Obligor or any Material Subsidiary.

Clause 15.1(1) and (j)

Clause 15.1(1) and (j)

The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:

[Deleted]

(i) Litigation
There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company which might, if adversely

35

('nrrent wording (amended/ddclcd wording Proposed wording (new wording in italics): in italics): determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material adverse effect
Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company or any Obligor which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) Subject to item (h) below, the amendments of the Bond Agreement pursuant to the Proposal shall take effect immediately upon approval.
(d) The Bondholders release the Bond Trustee from all liability (other than in connection with the Bond Trustee's wilful misconduct or fraud) in relation to acts it is required to take, or that it deems in its absolute discretion to be desirable to take, on behalf of Bondholders in connection with the Equitisation and the Opt Out Process.
(e) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised, at its discretion, to consent to amendments to the terms and conditions of the Proposal and/or the Bond Agreement and to enter into further documentation on behalf of the Bondholders where such amendments and/or documents are consistent with the Proposal and are required in order to implement the Proposal.
(f) The Bond Trustee shall further be authorised, subject to a the Proposal being approved by the requisite majority in accordance with the Written Procedure, to confirm approval of each of the Bondholders in respect of the Reconstruction Plan at any hearing of the Stockholm District Court which takes place to approve the adoption of the Reconstruction Plan.
(g) Other than any amendments prompted by the Proposal, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged and continue to apply in its existing form (as amended and restated on 25 February 2015).
(h) Resolutions as per the Proposal are conditional upon:
(A) the approval of the proposal directed to the bondholders in respect of the SEK Bonds in accordance with Schedule 3:
36

(B) the Bond Trustee being provided with evidence satisfactory to it that the relevant entities of the Gunvor Group which are lenders under the RBL and WCF respectively, have entered into one or more agreement(s) with the Issuer which incorporate in all material respects matters relevant to the Gunvor Group under the Restructuring Proposal specified in the Term Sheet and that such agreement(s) have, subject only to any condition relating to the adoption of the Proposal by the Bondholders, and the matters referred to in paragraph (A) above, become unconditional;
(C) the Bond Trustee being provided with evidence satisfactory to it that EnQuest and the Issuer have agreed that there are no outstanding claims resulting from the failed farm-out transaction regarding the Didon field.
(D) the Bond Trustee being provided with evidence satisfactory to it that Murphy has agreed with the Issuer on the amount of its claim against the Issuer and has agreed with the Issuer to be treated as a Category C creditor for the purposes of paragraph 8.4.3 of the Reconstruction Plan;
(E) the Reconstruction Plan being (i) validly adopted by the requisite majorities of unsecured creditors and (ii) finally sanctioned by the relevant courts;
(F) all outstanding fees and expenses of the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds arising after the commencement date of the Reorganisation (including, without limitation, those incurred by the Bond Trustee's professional advisers in connection with the restructuring of the Issuer and the Group generally and the matters contemplated by this summons) having been paid by the Issuer; and
(G) no member of the Group having entered into any bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, receivership or any other insolvency procedure (or any analogous proceeding in any other jurisdiction), whether voluntary or involuntary (other than the Reconstruction Proceeding).
3. FURTHER INFORMATION
For queries relating to the subject matter of this summons, including without limitation, the equitisation of the Bonds and related matters, please contact the Issuer at tomas.hedstrom@paresources.se o r+46 8 545 211 50.
37

The Bond Trustee may be contacted in relation to procedural questions regarding the voting process and related matters. Please contact: Fredrik Lundberg at mail@nordictrustee.com or +47 22 87 94 00.

4. NON-RELIANCE

Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders should independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly.

5. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

The Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

29 September 2015 at 13:00 (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VHs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6th floor

Agenda: 1. Approval of the Summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman (whom will be a representative of the Bond Trustee, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting). 4. Request for adoption of the Proposal.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following: The Bondholders' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 3 o f the Summons.

To approve the Proposal, Bondholders representing at least 50 percent of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the Bondholders' Meeting (in person or by proxy) in order to have a quorum and at least two thirds (2/3) of the Voting Bonds for which Bondholders are voting at the Bondholders' Meeting must consent to the Proposal. If the Proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

38

Please find attached a bondholders' form from the Securities Register, Schedule 2 (the "Bondholder's Form"), indicating your bond holdings at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.) The individual Bondholder may authorize the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post). In the event that the Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone (+47 22 87 94 00) or by e-mail (mail@nordictrustee.com) by 16:00 (4.00 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely, Nordic Trustee ASA
Enclosed: 1. Proposal to bondholders under the SEK Bond Agreement 2. Bondholder's Form
39

Enclosed: 1. Proposal to bondholders under the SEK Bond Agreement 2. Bondholder's Form

APPENDIX 1 Management Incentive Plan

Project Candide Term sheet for PA Resources Management Incentive Plan

Ref 1
2 3 4 5

Heading/Subject

Principal Terms

Quantum of incentive bonus pool

To be linked to disposal proceeds from the sale process from w hich repaym ents to cred itors w ill be fu nd ed . It is envisaged that this will be paid at sam e tim e as paym ents to creditors.

North Sea and Congo

M anagem ent to receive aggregate paym ent of 5% of the sale proceeds for disposals o f North Sea and Congo assets to the extent that the gross aggregate consideration received by the Group for those sales exceeds m onies borrowed (including redem ption prem ium ) under the Sparinvest Notes.

Tunisia

M anagem ent to receive aggregate paym ent o f 10% of gross sale proceeds for disposals o f Tunisia assets.

"D isposal" for these purposes shall include any form o f sale, transfer or assignm ent w hether by w ay o f a share, business or a sse t sale o r by s o m e o th e r m ea ns and sa le o f sh ares in the entity.

Allocation

M an a g e m e n t shall d ete rm ine in its d iscretio n w hich individuals w ill be eligible and how the bonus pool w ill be allocated.

Priority

Paym ents under the M anagem ent Incentive Plan w ill rank behind the super-senior Sparinvest Notes on the basis d escrib e d in paragraph 1 above, but o th e rw ise in p rio rity to full repaym ent to other creditors. (This is to ensure that the MIP paym ents are not subject to dilution.)

Bonus to be paid in addition to contractual remuneration due to individuals
Implementation of plan

F or th e avoida nce o f doubt, th is a rra n g e m e n t is in add itio n to and is not in su b stitu tion fo r th e co ntractua l e n title m e nts o f senior m anagem ent participants under th eir existing service contracts
T h e M anag em en t In centive Plan term s, and its p osition in the w a te rfa ll as describ e d in th is te rm sheet, w ill be reflected in the Com position Plan to be adopted by creditors.

10-5469930- 1/ 338004-1

Denna kallelse till obligationsinnehavarna är endast utformadpå engelska.
To the bondholders in: ISIN: SE 000 5392834 - PA Resources AB (publ) 13.5 % Senior Unsecured Fixed Rate Bond Issue 2013/2016
Stockholm, 17 September 2015 NOTICE OF WRITTEN PROCEDURE - REQUEST TO AMEND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS AND FOR ACCEPTANCE OF THE RECONSTRUCTION PLAN This voting request for procedure in writing has been sent by courier on 17 September 2015 to Holders directly registered in the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.
x u i» v u u iig i c q u c j i iia » a iS u uCG n » c m iu lN a s u a q o tu c ik iiu iin 1O1 p u u iiC a u u ii a iiu p u u n » n c u u ii
the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bonds (the "Terms and Conditions"). If you are an authorised nominee under the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act or if you otherwise are holding Bonds on behalf of someone else on a Securities Account, please forward this notice to the holder you represent as soon as possible. For further information, please see below under Section 3 C, (Voting rights and authorisation).
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (formerly known as Swedish Trustee AB) (the "Agent") is under the Terms and Conditions appointed as Agent for the above mentioned bond issue where PA Resources AB (publ) is the issuer (the "Issuer"). In its capacity as Agent, and requested by the Issuer, Nordic Trustee & Agency AB initiates a procedure in writing, whereby Holders can vote for or against the Issuer's request. All capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this notice (the "Notice") shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Terms and Conditions for the bond issue. This voting request, and associated enclosed Schedules 1 and 2, have been construed in accordance with applicable regulations in the Terms and Conditions. Holders participate by completing and sending the Voting Form, attached hereto as Schedule 1, and, if applicable, the Power of Attomey/Authorisation, attached hereto as Schedule 2 or other sufficient evidence, if the Bonds are held in custody other than Euroclear Sweden, to the Agent. Please contact the securities firm you hold your Bonds through if you do not know how your Bonds are registered or if you need authorization or other assistance to participate. The Agent must receive the Voting Form no later than 5.00 p.m. (CET), 29 September 2015, by mail, via courier or e-mail to the addresses indicated below under Section 3 F. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded. To be eligible to participate in the Written Procedure a person must fulfil the formal criteria for being a Holder on 22 September 2015 (the "Record Date"). This means that the person must be registered
10-5515451-1/338004-1

on a Securities Account with Euroclear Sweden, the CSD, as a direct registered owner (Sw. direktregistrerad ägare) or authorised nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to one or several Bonds.
The information in this Notice regarding the Issuer and market conditions is provided by the Issuer, and the Agent expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. BACKGROUND AND CORPORATE UPDATE
The Issuer filed for corporate reorganisation on 26 March 2015 ("Reorganisation") in accordance with the Company Reorganisation Act (1996:764) as a result of a perceived inability to make progress in its discussions with its creditors regarding long-term financing of the company. The application was approved by Stockholm District Court on 27 March 2015. The Bondholders' meeting scheduled for 31 March 2015 was subsequently cancelled.
Gunvor Group ("Gunvor") enforced its security under the Reserve Based Lending Facility originally dated 21 December 2011 ("RBL") and as a result the Issuer's shares in Osborne Resources Limited, the company holding the Group's assets in Equatorial Guinea, were transferred to Gunvor. Gunvor petitioned for the bankruptcy of the Issuer on 7 April but recalled the petition on 15 April.
A creditors' meeting was held on 15 April and the Stockholm District Court approved the Issuer's continued reorganisation until 29 June 2015. In the meantime, the Swedish court has extended the period of corporate reorganisation to 28 September 2015.
The purpose of the corporate reorganisation proceedings is to maintain the operative business of the Issuer and its subsidiaries ("Group") while limiting the Group's liquidity requirements and reducing its financial expenses, thereby safeguarding the value of the Group's assets. During the reorganisation proceedings, the Issuer will continue to focus on securing long-term financing of the business of the Group. In the event that it is not possible to secure such financing, the Issuer will be compelled to realise the Group's assets for the benefit of the Issuer's creditors in order to avoid destruction of the value of the Group's assets.
In order to successfully conduct the reorganisation and maintain the value of the Group's assets, the Issuer requires the cooperation of the Bondholders, as further described in this summons. Absent the cooperation of the Bondholders as described in this summons, it is likely that the Issuer would be forced to file for Swedish law bankruptcy proceedings. If the Issuer became bankrupt there is likely to be a lack of liquidity in the Group to continue the business activities which would lead to the Group companies, in turn, not being able to perform, or otherwise being in default under, their contractual obligations in respect of the Group's projects. In such a situation, there would be a significant risk that the Group companies would lose some or all of their oil and gas licences and the bankruptcy trustee would be compelled to carry out a forced sale of the Issuer's assets, which is likely to have a negative impact on the value of these assets.
The Issuer postponed the release of the annual report and the AGM until 24 June and 28 July respectively.
On 11 May 2015 it was announced that Jerome Schurink resigned as director and chairman of the board of the Issuer. Philippe Probst was appointed as the acting chairman.
On the 22 June 2015 the Issuer announced that it had reached an agreement with certain of its major creditors ("Funding Creditors") for short-term financing required to enable it to complete the
10-5515451-1/338004-1

reorganisation. The financing is by way of a subscription agreement for the issue of super senior ranking secured notes ("Notes") by the Issuer in an aggregate principal nominal amount of up to USD $15,000,000 with a subscription price of 50 per cent, of the face value of the Note.

In addition, the Issuer has agreed a non-binding indicative term sheet with Gunvor and the Funding Creditors ("Term Sheet") which sets out the terms of (i) a proposed financial restructuring (the "Restructuring Proposal") of the capital structure and certain liabilities of the Issuer in the context of the reorganisation and (ii) following a successful restructuring, if long term financing is not secured, the solvent liquidation of the Issuer.

For further details and Issuer update, reference is made to (i) stock exchange notices and press releases issued on the Issuer's website (www.paresources.se), (ii) the Issuer's 2014 annual report published on 24 June 2015.

The Bondholders are encouraged to review such information and, if necessaiy, consult with the Issuer for any further details.

7

PDOPOCAT

Zlt

A 1\V > 1 V /u ilA J

(a) Pursuant to the information provided above, the Issuer requests that the Holders adopt the necessary resolutions to waive and amend the Terms and Conditions as follows (the proposed waivers, amendments and resolutions herein being jointly referred to as the "Proposal"):

(i) Any payment of interest and principal owed to the Holders by the Issuer and/or any other member of the Group under the Bonds is deferred ("Payment Deferral") until payment is due in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan (as defined in paragraph (b) below), unless accelerated in accordance with clause 10 of the Terms and Conditions.

(ii) In addition to the Payment Deferral any claim of the Holders under the Bonds is converted into limited recourse debt that will be exclusively payable from Available Cash Flow (as defined below), in accordance with the order of payment adopted in the Reconstruction Plan. The Holders shall share in the Available Cash Flow on the basis set out in the Reconstruction Plan.

(iii) On the earlier of (i) the assets of the Group being sold and the funds distributed in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan (save for an amount of USD 100,000 which will remain in the Group to cover the cost of the formal winding up of the Issuer) and (ii) 27 December 2017, that portion of the debt owing to the Holders that would not, following a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Group, be able to be repaid will be converted into equity or, at the option of the Holders, written off. The conversion of Bonds into ordinary shares of the Issuer shall take place on the basis that the Holders of the Bonds, together will all other creditors of the Issuer whose claims are converted into equity in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan, will, upon conversion, hold shares representing in aggregate 95 per cent of the registered share capital and the votes of the Issuer. The option to either convert that excess portion into equity or write it off leaves it open for each Bondholder to decide at the relevant time which route it wishes to take, based on its own assessment of whether it can, and whether it wishes to, hold equity of the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, no

10-5515451-1/338004-1

representation is made as to the appropriateness of the conversion mechanism for each Holder.

(iv) Interest on the Bonds (and the Deferred Interest Amount - as defined below in paragraph (b)) shall accrue at a rate of 3% per annum for the period from and including 27 March 2015 until repayment or conversion of the Bonds.

(v) If on 27 December 2017, there remain Bonds outstanding (that have not either been repaid or converted into equity), the Holders agree to grant the Issuer a further deferral period of 18 months in respect of repayment of any part of the debt constituted by the Bonds remaining outstanding, in accordance with the payment waterfall in the Reconstruction Plan, in order to allow for the formal winding up of the Issuer.

(vi) The Holders approve the terms of the Reconstruction Bond (as defined in paragraph (b) below and described in the Term Sheet, including in particular the super priority status under paragraph 10, section 1, item 4 of the Swedish Right of Priority Act (Sw. Formansrattslagen) of all amounts lent pursuant to the Reconstruction Bond and the associated security package and guarantees.

(vii) The Holders confirm and agree that certain covenants of the Issuer, including the financial covenants set out in Clause 9.2 (Financial covenants) of the Terms and Conditions, shall cease to apply and any prior breaches of such Terms and Conditions, including any Events of Default arising as a result of the issue of the Reconstruction Bond, its super priority status and the associated security package and guarantees, shall be waived.

(viii)

The Holders authorise and instruct the Agent, to confirm approval on behalf of the Holders of the Bonds in respect of the Reconstruction Plan at any hearing of the Stockholm District Court which takes place to approve the adoption of the Reconstruction Plan (a copy of which is attached hereto as Appendix 1).

(b) The Proposal would entail the following amendments of the Terms and Conditions:

('uiTcnt wording wording in italics):
Clause 1.1

(amcnded/dclctcd Proposed wording (new wording in italics):
Clause 1.1
"27 December 2017 Book Value" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 8.6.
"Available Cash Flow" means the cash balance o f the Issuer determined on a weekly basis (and which, on each Quarter Date, shall be reconciled with the Issuer's unaudited quarterly financial information (prepared in accordance with IFRS)), after

10-5515451-1/338004-1

deductions for the following (which, for the avoidance o f doubt, are not subject to any reconciliation with respect to IFRS);
(i) cash not available to the Issuer due to legal or contractual restrictions which wouldprevent distribution to any creditors;
(ii) an amount equal to the liquidity requirements o f the Issuer asforecastfor the next three months in accordance with the Issuer's weekly cashflow forecast;
(in) an amount equal to USD 100,000 for the solvent winding up o f the Issuer;
(iv) accrued but unpaid amounts under the Management Incentive Plan (provided that to the extent amounts in respect o f the Management Incentive Plan are deducted fi`om the WCF Security Cash Flow in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) o f the definition thereof, such amounts shall not be subject to further deduction under this subparagraph (iv));
(v) any portion o f the WCF Security Cash Flow payable to GFL pursuant to the WCF Security Cash Flow Waterfall (as defined below) in accordance with the Gunvor Restructuring Agreement (save to the extent a deduction in respect o f such amount is made pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) above); and
(vi) amounts to cover any guarantee or other contingent obligations given or incurred in connection with the Competitive Sales Process.
For the avoidance o f doubt, Enforcement Net Proceeds shall not be included in the Available Cash Flow, save to the extent that any amount in respect thereof is paid by GFL to the Issuer in accordance with the Gunvor Restructuring Agreement.
"Book Equity Ratio" means, on a [Deleted] consolidated basis according to the latest
10-5515451-1/338004-1

Financial Report, the ratio o f Total Shareholders 'Equity to Total Shareholders ' Equity plus Interest Bearing Debt.

"Competitive Sales Process" means a competitive sales process conducted by the Issuer with the intention o f monetising the Group 's assets.

"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and, if the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, the Compliance Certificate shall include relevant calculations and figures in respect o f the Book Equity Ratio and Total Shareholders 'Equity.

"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.

"Debt Facilities" (and each a "Debt "Debt Facilities" (and each a "Debt

Facility") means (i) PA Resources AB's Facility") means (i) PA Resources AB's

12.25% Senior Unsecured Callable Bond 12.25% Senior Unsecured Callable Bond

Issue 2011/2016 (as amended from time to Issue 2011/2016 (as amended from time to

time), (ii) the Reserve Based Loan Facility time), (ii) the Reserve Based Loan Facility

Agreement dated 21 December 2011 Agreement dated 21 December 2011 entered

entered into between, amongst others, the into between, amongst others, the Issuer as

Issuer as borrow and Gunvor S.A. as lender borrow and Gunvor S.A. as lender (as

(as amended from time to time) and (iii) the amended from time to time), (iii) the

Revolving Working Capital Facility dated Revolving Working Capital Facility dated

31 March 2014 entered into between the 31 March 2014 entered into between the

Issuer as Borrower and Gunvor Finance Issuer as Borrower and Gunvor Finance

Limited as lender (as amended from time to Limited as lender (as amended from time to

time).

time) and (iv) the Reconstruction Bond.

"Deferred Interest Amount" means the "Deferred Interest Amount" means an

accrued interest amount from (but amount of SEK 155,283,654.73 (being the

excluding) the Issue Date up until (and sum o f (i) the accrued interest amount at a

including) 7 October 2014.

rate o f 13.5 per cent, per annum on the

Bonds from (but excluding) the Issue Date

up until (and including) 7 October 2014, (ii)

the accrued interest amount at a rate o f 13.5

per cent, per annum on the Bonds from (but

excluding) 7 October 2014 to 26 March

2015 and (iii) the interest which accrues at a

rate o f 13.5 per cent, per annum (calculated

10-5515451-1/338004-1

in accordance with Clause 7.3) in respect o f the accrued and deferred interest amount referred to in (i) above fi-om (but excluding) 7 October 2014 to 26 March 2015).

"Deferred Payment Date" means 31 March 2015, or such earlier date as is determined in accordance with clause 7.7.

[Deleted]

"Enforcement Net Proceeds" means any cash consideration irrevocably received by GFL following any enforcement o f the WCF Security provided that such proceeds are not reasonably likely to be subject to avoidance or reduction pursuant to any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws and after deducting any costs, fees, expenses and/or taxes which are incurred or payable, or reasonably expected to be incurred or payable, by GFL in connection with such enforcement and recoverable by GFL pursuant to the WCF or any Finance Document (as defined in the WCF).

"Equitisation" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 8.4.

"Equitisation Notice" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 8.5.1.

"Final Distribution " means a date on which all or substantially all o f the assets o f the Group have been sold or otherwise disposed o f and all funds from the transfers (save for USD 100,000 which remains in the Issuer to cover the costs o f the formal winding up) have been distributed amongst the Issuer's creditors in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan.

"Final Distribution Date" means the date on which the Final Distribution occurs.

"Final Maturity Date" means 3 March "Final Maturity Date" means the earlier

2016

o f the Final Distribution Date and 27

10-5515451-1/338004-1

December 2017.
"GFL " means Gunvor Finance Limited.
"Gunvor" means Gunvor S.A. and/or Gunvor Finance Limited.
"Gunvor Restructuring Agreement" means the agi'eement relating to the Reconstruction Plan between the Issuer, PA Resources Overseas, PA Resources Tunisia Pty Limited, Gunvor S.A., GFL and Osborne Resources Limited.
"Interest Payment Date" means 7 October "Interest Payment Date" means the Final o f each year or, to the extent such day is not Maturity Date. a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application o f the Business Day Convention. Thefirst Interest Payment Date fo r the Bonds shall, however, be the Deferred Payment Date (or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application o f the Business Day Convention) and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.

"Interest Period" means (i) in respect o f the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date up to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect o f subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant), in no case adjusted due to an application o f the Business Day Convention.

[Deleted]

"Interest Rate" means 13.50 per cent, per "Interest Rate" means 3 per cent, per

annum.

annum.

"Management Incentive Plan" means the incentive plan in respect o f senior management o f the Group summarised in Appendix A to these Terms and Conditions1.

1Attached as Appendix 1 to this Notice
10-5515451-1/338004-1

"Murphy "means Murphy West Africa Ltd.
"Murphy Agreement'' means the agreement between the Issuer, PARC and Murphy as referred to in paragraph 6 o f the Composition Plan.
"Opt Out Right" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 8.5.2.
"Osborne" means Osborne Resources Ltd, a company incorporated in the Bahamas.
"PAR Overseas" means PA Resources Overseas, a company incorporated in England.
"PARC" means PA Resources Congo SA, a company incorporated in the Republic o f Congo.
"PART" means PA Resources Tunisia Pty Limited, a company incorporated in Australia.
"PRAB Post-Equitisation Pro Forma Equity" means the post equitisation pro forma issued ordinary registered share capital and voting rights in the Issuer (on the basis that there shall be no other class o f shares in the Issuer at the time o f such conversion save for ordinary shares ranking pari passu in all respects with the ordinary shares into which the Residual Bond Claims shall be converted and savefo r any deferred shares which carry no voting rights and have negligible economic rights).
"Reconstruction Bond" means the up to USD 15,000,000, 5 per cent. Guaranteed Secured Notes due 26 March 2016 governed by the Subscription Agreement dated 19 June 2015 between (1) the Issuer (2) IDSparinvest, Branch o f Sparinvest S.A., (3) certain subscribers named therein and (4) Wilmington Trust (London) Limited (as amendedfrom time to time).
"Reconstruction Bond Documents" means the Subscription Agreement and the Finance

Documents (as defined in the Subscription Agreement).
"Reconstruction Plan" means the plan for the reconstruction o f the Issuer pursuant to the Swedish Act on reconstruction (SW: Lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) substantially in the form attached hereto as Appendix 1 as approved by the relevant unsecured creditors and the Stockholm District Court.
"Reconstructor" means Lars Söderqvist o f the law firm Hökerberg & Söderqvist Advokatbyrå KB in his capacity as reconstructor appointed to the Issuer and certain other Group entities pursuant to the Swedish Act on reconstruction (SW.: Lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) or any alternative reconstructor appointed to the Issuer.
"Reorganisation Process" means a corporate reorganisation approved by the Stockholm District Court in accordance with the Company Reorganisation Act (1996:764).
"Residual Bond Claims" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 8.1A.
`Retained Residual Claim" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 8.4.3.
"Shareholder Approvals" means receipt o f the requisite resolutions o f the shareholders o f the Issuer in an extraordinary general meeting o f the Issuer convened to approve such matters necessary to implement the Equitisation as may require the consent o f the shareholders.
"Subscription Agreement" means the Subscription Agreement dated 19 June 2015 between (1) the Issuer (2) ID-Sparinvest, Branch o f Sparinvest S.A., (3) certain subscribers named therein and (4) Wilmington Trust (London) Limited (as

amendedfrom time to time).

"Total Shareholders' Equity" means the total shareholders ' equity o f the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.

[Deleted]

"UnrealisedAssets" means, where the Final Distribution Date has not occurred prior to 27 December 2017, the assets o f the Issuer as at 27 December 2017.

"Ultimate Proceeds" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 8.6.

"WCF" means the working capital facility agreement dated 31 March 2014 between GFL, the Issuer and PAR Overseas, as amended and/or amended and restatedfrom time to time including pursuant to amendment agreements relating thereto dated 15 October 2014 and 26 February 2015.

"WCF Indebtedness" means any amounts owed to GFL from time to time by any member o f the Group pursuant to the WCF or any Finance Document (as such term is defined in the WCF) including without limitation any principal, interest or any other amounts due under such agreements.

"WCFSecurity" means the charge over the shares in PART granted to GFL, and any other Security created in favour o f GFL to secure indebtedness under the WCF Indebtedness.

"WCF Security Cash Flow" means the proceeds unconditionally received by the Issuer or which are or may be distributed to the Issuer pursuant to the Gunvor Restructuring Agreement in respect o f a disposal or other realisation o f assets secured by the WCF Security including, for the avoidance o f doubt, from a sale o f shares in PART, a sale o f the assets o f PART, a sale o f the shares in PAR Overseas and/or a sale o f any other assets forming

10-5515451-1/338004-1

part o f the WCF Security in each case less:
(i) any costs or expenses which have been reasonably and properly incurred by the Issuer in connection with such disposal or realisation to the extent such costs or expenses are to be satisfied from the proceeds o fsuch disposal; and
(ii) the aggi'egate amounts payable to management in accordance with the Management Incentive Plan in respect o f such disposal (provided always that any amounts payable to management in accordance with the
Management Incentive Plan in respect o fsuch disposal shall, to the extent any deduction is made in respect o f fees or expenses as referred to in (i) above, be calculated in respect o f the proceeds o f the disposal net o f such deduction).
"WCF Security Cash Flow Waterfall" means the following distribution o f WCF Security Waterfall Proceeds to be shared between the Issuer and GFL as follows in accordance with the Gunvor Restructuring Agreement
(a) 25 per cent, o f the first USD 10.000. 000 (in aggregate) o f any WCF Security Waterfall Proceeds shall be promptly paid in full (without any withholding, deductions or set-off o f any kind) by or on behalf o f the Issuer to, or retained in full by, GFL (as applicable) for application towards discharge o f the WCF Indebtedness;
(b) 75 per cent, o f the first USD 10.000. 000 (in aggregate) o f any WCF Security Waterfall Proceeds shall be promptly paid in full (without any withholding, deductions or set-off o f any kind) by GFL to, or retained in full by, the Issuer (as applicable) for distribution by the Issuer to the Issuer's creditors in accordance

with the Reconstruction Plan;

(c) amounts in excess o f USD 10.000. 000 up to and including USD 28.000.000 (in aggregate) o f any WCF Security Waterfall Proceeds shall be promptly paid in full (without any withholding, deductions or set-off o f any kind) by or on behalf o f the Issuer to, or retained in full by, GFL (as applicable) for application towards discharge o f the WCF Indebtedness; and

(d) amounts in excess o f USD 28,000,000 (in aggregate) o f any WCF Security Waterfall Proceeds shall be promptly paid in full (without any withholding, deductions or set-off o f any kind) by GFL to, or retained in full by, the Issuer (as applicable) for distribution by the Issuer to the Issuer's creditors in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan.

"WCF Security Waterfall Proceeds" means Enforcement Net Proceeds received by GFL in circumstances where a portion o f such Enforcement Net Proceeds is payable by GFL to the Issuer in accordance with the Gunvor Restructuring Agreement and all WCF Security Cash Flow

Clause 2.5

Clause 2.5

The Bonds constitute direct, general, The Bonds constitute direct, general,

unconditional, unsubordinated and unconditional, unsecured obligations of the

unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu

at all times rank pari passu and without any and without any preference among them,

preference among them.

and shall rank vis a vis the other creditors

as set out in the Reconstruction Plan.

Clause 6.3

Clause 6.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 7.4 during such postponement.

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 7.1 during such postponement.

Clause 7.1

Clause 7.1

10-5515451-1/338004-1

Each Bond carries Interest which accrues at Each Bond carries Interest which accrues at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the the Interest Rate from (but excluding) 26 Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant March 2015 up to (and including) the Redemption Date. Any Bond issuedpursuant relevant Redemption Date. The calculation to a Subsequent Bond Issue will, however, of Interest shall not be adjusted due to an carry interest at the Interest Rate from (but application of the Business Day Convention. excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance (and including) the relevant Redemption Date. The calculation of Interest shall not be adjusted due to an application of the Business Day Convention.

Clause 7.2

Clause 7.2

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Holders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.

The Holders confirm and agree that payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds (including the Deferred Interest Amount) which has accrued and not been paid shall be deferred until the Final Maturity Date.

Clause 7.4

Clause 7.4

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under these Terms and Conditions on by it under these Terms and Conditions on its due date, default interest shall accrue on its due date then, save as other-wise the overdue amountfrom (but excluding) the expressly provided herein, no default due date up to (and including) the date o f interest shall accrue on the overdue amount. actual payment at a rate which is 2.00 percentage points higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

Clause 7.5

Clause 7.5

For the period from (but excluding) 7 [Deleted], October 2014 up to (and including) the Deferred Payment Date, the Deferred Interest Amount will carry an interest which accrues at an interest rate o f 13.5 per cent, per annum (calculated pursuant to Clause 7.3) and is payable by the Issuer on the Deferred Payment Date.

10-5515451-1/338004-1

Clause 7.6

Clause 7.6

The payment of the Deferred Interest Amount and the interest set out in Clause 7.5 above shall be made to such person who is registered as a Holder on the Record Date prior to the relevant due date of such payments.

The payment of the Interest and Deferred Interest Amount shall be made to such person who is registered as a Holder on the Record Date prior to the relevant due date of such payments.

Clause 7.7 (a)

Clause 7.7 (a)

The Deferred Payment Date shall (if [Deleted]. applicable) be determined to be a date earlier than 31 March 2015, being the date that is 3 Business Days following (and including) the date on which the Agent gives written notice o f the same to the Issuer with the approval o f Holders if Holders holding more than 50 per cent, o f the Adjusted Nominal Amount have instructed it to do so either (i) by written instruction to the Agent or (ii) according to the provisions in Clause 12 (Decisions by Holders).

Clause 7.7 (b)

Clause 7.7 (b)

Notwithstanding what is set out in (a) [Deleted] above, if:

(i) a notice is sent to the Issuer under another Debt Facility to bring a Debt Facility Payment Date forward, the Deferred Payment Date under these Terms and Conditions shall be construed to be the same earlier date as the new Debt Facility Payment Date, without anyfurther action on behalfo f the Holders or the Agent; or

(ii) the Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries pays or settles any amount (whether principal, interest, fees or otherwise) with respect to any other Debt Facility, the Deferred Payment Date under these Terms and Conditions shall be construed to be the same date as the relevant payment or settlement occurs under the other Debt Facility, without any further action on behalf o f the Holders or the Agent.

Clause 8.1

Clause 8.1

10-5515451-1/338004-1

The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only Subject to clause 8.1A, the Issuer shall

some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on redeem all, but not only some, of the

the Final Maturity Date (or, to the extent outstanding Bonds in full on the Final

such day is not a Business Day, on the Distribution Date (or, to the extent such day

Business Day following from an application is not a Business Day, on the Business Day

of the Business Day Convention) with an following from an application of the

amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Business Day Convention) with an amount

Amount together with accrued but unpaid per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount

Interest.

together with accrued but unpaid Interest

and a pro rata portion of the Deferred

Interest Amount.

Clause 8.1 A

The Bonds shall only be repayable whether in full or in part, from Available Cash Flow in accordance with the order o fpayment set out in the Reconstruction Plan.

Any amount payable from Available Cash Flow and apportioned to the Bonds in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan shall be applied in (partial) repayment o f the Bonds and the provisions o f clause 11 shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect o f such payment.

To the extent that, on the earlier o f the Final Distribution Date and 27 December 2017, the aggregate book value o f all Unrealised Assets (less USD 100,000, which remains in the Issuer to cover the costs o f the formal winding up) is insufficient to redeem the outstanding Bonds (plus accrued but unpaid interest thereon) in full in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan, all such residual amounts due in respect o f the Bonds (the "Residual Bond Claims") shall be subject to Clause 8.4 below.

Clause 8.3

Clause 8.3

8.3.1 Upon a Change o f Control Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, o f its Bonds be repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to 101.00

[Deleted],

iO-5515451-1/338004-1

per cent, o f the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period o f 30 calendar days following a notice from the Issuer o f the Change o f Control Event pursuant, to Clause 9.10.2 (c). The 30 calendar days 'period may however not start earlier than upon the occurrence o f the Change o f Control Event.
8.3.2 The noticefrom the Issuer pursuant to Clause 9.10.2 (c) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. I f a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the noticefrom the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 9.10.2 (c). The repurchase date must fall no later than 20 Business Days after the end o f the period referred to in Clause 8.3.1.
8.3.3 The Issuer shall comply with the requirements o f any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase o f Bonds. To the extent that the provisions o f such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 8.3, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 8.3 by virtue o f the conflict.
8.3.4 Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 8.3 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
Clause 8.4
8.4 Equitisation
8.4.1
10-5515451-1/338004-1

10-5515451-1/338004-1

(i) Subject to clause 8.5 and to the passing o f the Shareholder Approvals, the Residual Bond Claims shall be subject to an equitisation mechanism whereby, in accordance with this Clause 8.4:

(a) if the Final Distribution Date has not occurred before 27 December 2017, some or all o f the Residual Bond Claims will be converted into ordinary shares o f the Issuer on 27 December 2017; and

(b) if earlier, all Residual Bond Claims will be converted into equity o f the Issuer on the date falling 28 days following the date on which the Agent has been satisfied (in its reasonable discretion) that the Competitive Sales Process has been completed in respect o f all or substantially all o f the assets o f the Group and all proceeds therefrom have been distributed to creditors in accordance with the Reconstruction Plan (save for US$100,000 in respect o fwinding up costs)

(each an "Equitisation", and the date on which Equitisation takes place being the "Equitisation Date").

8.4.2 The Equitisation shall take place at a

conversion price which will be set at

a level such that the holders o f the

Residual Bond Claims, together with

other creditors o f the Issuer whose

claims are converted into equity in

accordance with the Reconstruction

Plan (including the agreements

referred to in section 6 o f the

Reconstruction Plan (other than the

Reconstruction Bond Documents))

(together,

the

"Equitised

Creditors"), will, upon conversion,

10-5515451-1/338004-1

hold shares equating in aggregate to 95 per cent, o f the PRAB PostEquitisation Pro Forma Equity.
8.4.3 Where the Equitisation occurs prior to the Final Distribution Date, such conversion shall be effected in relation to a percentage o f the debt (x) owed to each Equitised Creditor determined in accordance with the formula (the "Equitisation Conversion Calculation"):
x = ((a --(b --(c + d)))/a) *100
where
a is the total debt owed by the Issuer to the Equitised Creditors as at the Equitisation Date (expressed in US Dollars);
b is an amount equal to the aggregate book value o f the assets o f the Issuer less any applicable writedowns or depreciations (calculated in accordance with applicable accounting rules) as at the Equitisation Date (expressed in US Dollars);
c is USD 100,000 (being the anticipated cost o f the formal winding up o f the Issuer); and
d is the Issuer's good faith estimate o f the costs and other liabilities (if any) expected to be incurred by the Issuer in connection with the completion o f the Competitive Sales Process (save to the extent any such costs are taken into account as part o f a, b or c above),
all expressed as positive numbers,
PROVIDED THAT
(1) where the Competitive Sales Process has not been completed and

10-5515451-1/338004-1

the assets that remain unsold include assets the subject o f the WCF Security in favour o f GFL then, in accordance with the Gunvor Restructuring Agreement (as referred to in the Composition Plan), there shall be deductedfrom a and b an amount equal to GFL's Share o f the book value attributable to the assets the subject o f the WCF Security in the Issuer's balance sheet as at the Equitisation Date (the "WCF Security Relevant Booh Value"). GFL's Share for these purposes shall be such amount as would be payable to GFL in accordance with the WCF Security Cash Flow Waterfall if the WCF Security Cash Flow were equal to the WCF Security Relevant Book Value; and

(2)

where the Competitive Sales

Process has not been completed and

the assets that remain unsold include

assets o f PARC then, in accordance

with the Murphy Agreement, there

shall be deducted from a and b an

amount equal to the Relevant

Fraction (as defined in the Murphy

Agreement) o f the book value

attributable to the PARC Assets in

the Issuer's balance sheet as at the

Equitisation Date.

In such circumstances, the proportion o f the Residual Bond Claims attributable to a Holder that is not subject to equitisation in accordance with the above formula shall be referred to as the "Retained Residual Claim".

8.4.3 The Equitisation will take place on the basis that the new ordinary shares will be issued by the Issuer

10-5515451-1/338004-1

and subscribed by the Equitised Creditors with the subscription amount fo r each share to be issued to be satisfied by way o f set-off and cancellation o f the relevant amount o f debt owed by the Issuer to the Equitised Creditors. Each o f the Holders hereby authorises the Agent to sign such documentation on behalf o f such Holder as may be necessary or, in the discretion o f the Agent, appropriate to give effect to the Equitisation, subject to the terms set out in this Clause 8.4.
8.4.5 The obligation to make any payment or repayment o f any Retained Residual Claims shall automatically be deferred until 26 June 2019, in order to allow theformal winding up o f the Issuer.
Opt Out Right
8.5.1 Holders shall be notified by the Agent o f the proposed date for Equitisation ("Equitisation Notice"), the Agent having been notified o f such date by the Issuer not less than 28 days in advance o fsuch proposed date.
8.5.2 The Equitisation Notice shall provide all Holders with a period o f 10 (ten) business days within which to notify the Agent in writing that the Holder wishes to opt out o f the Equitisation in respect o f the proportion o f the Residual Bond Claims (that would otherwise be subject to equitisation pursuant to Clause 8.4 and would not constitute Retained Residual Claims) attributable to it ("Opt Out Right").
8.5.3 Holders who exercise their Opt Out Right by sending the requisite notice to the Agent within the 10 business

Clause 9.1
10-5515451-1/338004-1

day period referred to in clause 8.5.2 shall not receive any shares in the Issuer and the proportion o f the Residual Bond Claims (that would otherwise be subject to equitisation pursuant to Clause 8.4 and would not constitute Retained Residual Claims) attributable to such Holders shall be written off infull.
8.5.4 Any Holder that does not participate in the Opt Out Right shall have its part o f the Residual Bond Claims (that is subject to equitisation pursuant to Clause 8.4 and does not
/ i / i u p / i V i i f o T ? p t n i v i p A JR.L Up Uv 1i A -UuUn tl V / t1- V H / l f L y
automatically converted into shares in the Issuer in accordance with clause 8.4, without any further consent or approval being sought from that Holder.
8.6 Wliere the Final Distribution Date has not occurred by 27 December 2017 and Holders have a Retained Residual Claim following the Equitisation, then (i) where, thereafter, the aggregate net proceeds realised in respect o f the Unrealised Assets (the "Ultimate Proceeds") exceeds the aggregate book value attributable to such UnrealisedAssets as at 27 December 2017 (the "27 December 2017 Book Value"), the Holders shall have no claim (in their capacity as creditor) in respect o f any part o f such excess and (ii) where, thereafter, the Ultimate Proceeds are less than the 29December 2017 Book Value, the Holders shall no claim in respect o f the shortfall between the 27 December 2017 Book Value and the Ultimate Proceeds.
Clause 9.1

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that Save as set out in the Reconstruction Plan none of its Subsidiaries, (i) pay any dividend or as required in conjunction with the on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own Competitive Sales Process, the Issuer shall shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other not, and shall procure that none of its restricted equity with repayment to Subsidiaries shall, (i) pay any dividend on shareholders or (iv) make any other similar shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, distribution or transfers of value (Sw. (iii) redeem its share capital or other värdeöverföringar) to the Issuer's, or its restricted equity with repayment to Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or (iv) make any other similar shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct distribution or transfers of value (Sw. and indirect shareholders (items (i)-(iv) värdeöverföringar) to the Issuer's, or its above are together and individually referred Subsidiaries', direct and indirect to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct however that any such Restricted Payment and indirect shareholders (items (i)-(iv) can be made, if no Event of Default is above are together and individually referred continuing or would result from such to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided Restricted Payment, by (a) the Issuer or any however that any such Restricted Payment of its Subsidiaries if such Restricted can be made, if no Event of Default is Payment is made to the Issuer or any of its continuing or would result from such Subsidiaries and, if made by a Subsidiary Restricted Payment, by (a) the Issuer or any which is not directly or indirectly wholly- of its Subsidiaries if such Restricted owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata Payment is made to the Issuer or any of its basis or (b) the Issuer if the aggregate Subsidiaries and, if made by a Subsidiary amount of all Restricted Payments of the which is not directly or indirectly whollyGroup in a financial year (including the owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata Restricted Payment in question but basis or (b) the Issuer if the aggregate excluding any Restricted Payment made in amount of all Restricted Payments of the accordance with item (a) above) does not Group in a financial year (including the exceed 50.00 per cent, of the Group's Restricted Payment in question but consolidated net profit (Sw. årets resultat) excluding any Restricted Payment made in according to the annual audited financial accordance with item (a) above) does not statements for the previous financial year. exceed 50.00 per cent, of the Group's
consolidated net profit (Sw. årets resultat) according to the annual audited financial statements for the previous financial year.

Clause 9.2

Clause 9.2

Financial covenants

[Deleted].

The Issuer shall procure that the Group maintains (i) a minimum Book Equity Ratio o f 40.00 per cent, and (ii) a minimum Total Shareholders 'Equity o f SEK 1,000,000,000.

Clause 9.3

Clause 9.3

10-5515451-1/338004-1

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under these Terms and Conditions at all under these Terms and Conditions at all

times rank at least pari passu with the claims times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated and unsecured of all its other unsubordinated and unsecured creditors, except those whose claims are creditors, except those whose claims are

mandatorily preferred by laws of general mandatorily preferred by laws of general

application.

application, and provided that the Reconstruction Bond shall have super senior

status in accordance with section 10,

subsection 4 o f the Swedish creditors '

priority act (Sw.: Lag Formansrattslagen

(1970:979) and provided further that the

distribution o f Available Cash Flow

shall be made in accordance with the

order o f paym ent adopted in the

Reconstruction Plan).

Clause 9.4

Clause 9.4

The Issuer shall procure that none of its The Issuer shall procure that none of its

Subsidiaries raises any unsecured Market Subsidiaries raises any unsecured Market

Loans.

Loans.

This Clause 9.4 shall not restrict the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries in raising secured debt employing assets of any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries as collateral.

This Clause 9.4 shall not restrict the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries in raising secured debt employing assets of any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries as collateral including but not limited to the Reconstruction Bond.

Clause 9.5

Clause 9.5

The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature o f the business carried on by the Group taken as a whole as o f the Issue Date.

[Deleted]

Clause 9.6

Clause 9.6

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Material Group Company, sell or no Material Group Company, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Material otherwise dispose of shares in any Material Group Company or of all or substantially all Group Company or of all or substantially all of its or a Material Group Company's assets, of its or a Material Group Company's assets, or operations to any person not being the or operations to any person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is carried Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and out in accordance with the Reconstruction conditions customary for such transaction Plan and the Competitive Sales Process. The

10-5515451-1/338004-1

and provided that it does not have a Issuer further undertakes that it shall not

Material Adverse Effect.

enter into any legal or contractual

restriction o f a type referred to in sub-

paragraph (i) o f the definition o f Available

Cash Flow save where this is considered by

the Issuer in good faith to be necessary or

appropriate (i) in connection with the

Competitive Sales Process or (ii) with the

intention o f optimising the aggregate

amount that will ultimately be capable o f

beingpaid to Holders.

Clause 9.8

Clause 9.8

The Issuer shall take all measures required The Issuer shall take all measures required

to ensure (i) that its ordinary shares to ensure (i) that the Bonds are listed on the

continue being listed on OMX' regulated STO retail bond list of OMX within 60

market, (ii) that the Bonds are listed on the calendar days after the Issue Date, and (ii)

STO retail bond list of OMX within 60 that, upon any Subsequent Bond Issue, that

calendar days after the Issue Date, (iii) that the volume of Bonds listed on the STO retail

the Bonds, once admitted to trading on the bond list of OMX promptly, and not later

STO retail bond list of OMX, continue being than 10 Business Days after the relevant

listed thereon (however, taking into account issue date, is increased accordingly and (iii)

the rules and regulations of OMX and the that the Bonds, once admitted to trading on

CSD preventing trading in the Bonds in the STO retail bond list of OMX, continue

close connection to the redemption of the being listed thereon (however, taking into

Bonds) and (iv) that, upon any Subsequent account the rules and regulations of OMX

Bond Issue, that the volume of Bonds listed and the CSD preventing trading in the Bonds

on the STO retail bond list of OMX in close connection to the redemption of the

promptly, and not later than 10 Business Bonds), subject, in each case, to the

Days after the relevant issue date, is Equitisation, following which the relevant

increased accordingly.

Bonds will be delisted.

Clause 9.10.2 (c)

Clause 9.10.2 (c)

promptly notify the Agent upon becoming promptly notify the Agent upon becoming aware of the occurrence of (i) a Change o f aware o f the occurrence o f an Event o f Control Event or (ii) an Event of Default, Default, and shall provide the Agent with and shall provide the Agent with such such further information as the Agent may further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following request (acting reasonably) following receipt receipt o fsuch notice; of such notice. Such notice may be given in advance o f the occurrence o f a Change o f Control Event, conditioned upon the occurrence o f such Change o f Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place

10-5515451-1/338004-1

providingfo r a Change o f Control Event;

Clause 9.10.2 (e)

Clause 9.10.2 (e)

notify the Agent o f any transaction referred notify the Agent of Available Cash Flow to in Clause 9.6 and shall, upon request by promptly following the determination o f the Agent, provide the Agent with (i) any Available Cash Flow, o f any legal or information relating to the transaction contractual restrictions o f the type referred which the Agent deems necessary (acting to in paragraph (a) o f the definition o f reasonably), and (ii) a determination from Available Cash Flow, o f any guarantee or the Issuer which states whether the other obligations which are expected to lead transaction is carried out on an arm's to any deduction in accordance with length basis and on terms and conditions paragraph (e) o f the definition o f Available customary for such transaction or not and Cash Flow, in each case promptly upon whether it has a Material Adverse Effect or becoming aware o f the same, and o f the not. The Agent may assume that any material details o f any disposals made by information provided by the Issuer is the Group in connection with the correct, and the Agent shall not be Competitive Sales Process', responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness o f such information. The Agent is not responsible fo r assessing i f the transaction is earned out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary fo r such transaction and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect, but is not bound by the Issuer's determination under item (ii) above.

Clause 9.12

Clause 9.12

The Issuer shall not, prior to the Deferred Payment Date, (i) propose or make any dividends or other distributions or payments to its shareholders or (ii) make any interest payments under the Debt Facilities.

[Deleted]

Clause 10.1 (c)

Clause 10.1 (c)

(i) any Financial Indebtedness o f a Material the Agent gives not less than 14 days' notice

Group Company is not paid when due nor in writing to the Issuer, upon the

within any originally applicable grace insti'uctions o f Holders holding more than

period;

50 per cent, o f the Adjusted Nominal Amount either (i) by written instruction to

(ii) an event o f default howsoever described the Agent or (ii) according to the provisions

(or any event which with the giving o f in Clause 12 (Decisions by Holders) in

notice, lapse o f time, determination o f circumstances where:

materiality or fulfilment o f any other (a) the Issuer ceases to be in the applicable condition or any combination o f Reorganisation Process in circumstances

10-5515451-1/338004-1

theforegoing would constitute such an event where no Reconstruction Plan has been

o f default) occurs under any document adopted; or

relating to Financial Indebtedness o f any (b) a default has occurred under the

Material Group Company; or

Reconstruction Bond which is an Event o f

(Hi) any security interest securing Financial Indebtedness over any asset o f any Material Group Company becomes enforceable;

Default in accordance with the terms thereof and such Event o f Default is continuing and has not been waived pursuant to the Reconstruction Bond; or

provided however that the amount o f Financial Indebtedness referred to above under item (i), (ii) and/or (Hi), individually or in the aggregate exceeds an amount corresponding to SEK 30,000,000 and

(c) any creditor takes enforcement action against the Issuer in connection with any breach or alleged breach o f agreement or other binding obligation by the Issuer;

provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company;

(d) the Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries pays or settles any amount (whether principal, interest, fees or otherwise) with respect to any other Debt Facility other than in

accordance with the Reconstruction Plan; or

(e) the Issuerfails to comply in any material respect with the terms o f the Reconstruction Plan.

10.1 (d) any Material Group Company suspends its payments, is unable to pay its debts or is deemed unable to pay its debts under applicable law.

10.1 (d) [Deleted],

10.1 (e)

10.1 (e)

any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 30 calendar days o f commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii), in relation to the Issuer's Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:

[Deleted],

(i) the suspension o fpayments, winding-up,

dissolution,

administration

or

reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion)

(by way o f voluntary agreement, scheme of

arrangement or otherwise) o f any Material

Group Company;

10-5515451-1/338004-1

(ii) the appointment o f a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect o f any Material Group Company or any o f its assets; or

(Hi) any analogous procedure or step is taken in anyjurisdiction;

10.1 (f)

10.1 (f)

a decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be merged or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless the Agent has given its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in writing prior to the merger and/or demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver o f the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors); or (ii) the Issuer merges with any other person, or is subject to a demerger, with the effect that the Issuer is not the surviving entity;

[Deleted].

10.1(g)

10.1 (g)

Any

expropriation,

attachment,

sequestration, distress or execution or any

analogous process in anyjurisdiction affects

any asset or assets o f any Material group

Company having an aggregate value

exceeding SEK 30,000,000 and is not

discharged within 30 calendar days;

[Deleted].

10.1 (i)

10.1 (i)

the Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business, except if due to (i) a permitted merger or demerger as stipulated in Clause 10.1 (f) or (ii) a permitted disposal as stipulated in Clause 9.6.

[Deleted],

Clause 10.2

Clause 10.2

Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Clauses 10.1 (b) and (c) or, regarding any Material Group Company, on the grounds mentioned in Clauses 10.1 (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (i) may

Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Clauses 10.1 (b) or (h) may only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it would have a Material Adverse Effect and that the cause

10-5515451-1/338004-1

only occur if the nature of the particular of termination is continuing at the time of circumstance is such that it would have a the Agent's declaration. Material Adverse Effect and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Agent's declaration.
(c) Subject to item (h) below, the amendments of the Terms and Conditions pursuant to the Proposal shall take effect immediately upon approval.
(d) The Holders release the Agent from all liability (other than in connection with the Agent's wilful misconduct or fraud) in relation to acts it is required to take, or that it deems in its absolute discretion to be desirable to take, on behalf of Holders in connection with the Equitisation and the Opt Out Right.
(e) The Agent shall be authorised, at its discretion, to consent to amendments to the terms and conditions of the Proposal and/or the Terms and Conditions and to enter into further documentation on behalf of the Holders where such amendments and/or documents are consistent with the Proposal and are required in order to implement the Proposal.
(f) The Agent shall further be authorised, subject to a the Proposal being approved by the requisite majority in accordance with the Written Procedure, to confirm approval of each of the Holders in respect of the Reconstruction Plan at any hearing of the Stockholm District Court which takes place to approve the adoption of the Reconstruction Plan.
(g) Other than any amendments prompted by the Proposal, the Terms and Conditions will remain unchanged and continue to apply in their existing form (as amended and restated on 25 February 2015).
(h) Resolutions as per the Proposal are conditional upon:
(A) the approval of the proposal directed to the bondholders under the Issuer's 12.25% Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016 (the "NOK Bond Agreement") in accordance with Schedule 3;
(B) the Agent being provided with evidence satisfactory to it that the relevant entities of the Gunvor Group which are lenders under the RBL and WCF respectively, have entered into one or more agreement(s) with the Issuer which incorporate in all material respects matters relevant to the Gunvor Group under the Restructuring Proposal specified in the Term Sheet and that such agreement(s) have, subject only to any condition relating to the adoption of the Proposal by the Holders, and the matters referred to in paragraph (A) above, become unconditional;
(C) the Agent being provided with evidence satisfactory to it that EnQuest and the Issuer have agreed that there are no outstanding
10-5515451-1/338004-1

claims resulting from the failed farm-out transaction regarding the Didon field.
(D) the Agent being provided with evidence satisfactory to it that Murphy has agreed with the Issuer on the amount of its claim against the Issuer and has agreed with the Issuer to be treated as a Category C creditor for the purposes of paragraph 8.4.3 of the Reconstruction Plan;
(E) the Reconstruction Plan being (i) validly adopted by the requisite majorities of unsecured creditors and (ii) finally sanctioned by the relevant courts;
(F) all outstanding fees and expenses of the Agent in connection with the Bonds arising after the commencement date of the Reorganisation (including, without limitation, those incurred by the Agent's professional advisers in connection with the restructuring of the Issuer and the Group generally and the matters contemplated by this summons) having been paid by the Issuer; and
(G) no member of the Group having entered into any bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, receivership or any other insolvency procedure (or any analogous proceeding in any other jurisdiction), whether voluntary or involuntary (other than the Reconstruction Proceeding).
NON-RELIANCE
The Proposal is presented to the Holders without evaluation or recommendations from the Agent. The Holders must independently evaluate whether the above Proposal is acceptable or not. 3. THE WRITTEN PROCEDURE The following instructions need to be adhered to under the Written Procedure. A. Final date to participate in the Written Procedure The Agent must have received the votes by mail, courier or e-mail to the address indicated below no later than 5.00 p.m. (CET), 29 September 2015. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded. B. Decision procedure The Agent will determine if received replies are eligible to participate under the Written Procedure as valid votes. When a requisite majority of consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount have been received by the Agent, the Proposal shall be deemed to be adopted, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
10-5515451-1/33 8 0 04-1

Information about the decision taken under the Written Procedure will: i) be sent by notice to the Holders, ii) be published as a press release, and iii) be published on the websites of a) the Issuer and b) the Agent. The minutes from the Written Procedure shall at the request of a Holder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable. A matter decided under the Written Procedure will be binding for all Holders, irrespective of them responding in the Written Procedure.
C. Voting rights and authorisation Anyone who wishes to participate in the Written Procedure must on the Record Date (22 September 2015) in the debt register:
(i) be registered as a direct registered owner of a Securities Account; or (ii) be registered as authorised nominee in a Securities Account, with respect to one or several
Bonds. Bonds registered with a nominee If you are not registered as a direct registered owner, but your Bonds are held through a registered authorised nominee or another intermediary, you may have two different options to influence the voting for the Bonds.
1. You can ask the authorised nominee or other intermediary that holds the Bonds on your behalf to vote in its own name as instructed by you.
2. You can obtain a power of attorney/authorisation, Schedule 2, from the authorised nominee or other intermediary and send in your own Voting Form based on the authorization. If you hold your Bonds through several intermediaries, you need to obtain authorization directly from the intermediary that is registered in the debt register as holder of the Securities Account, or from each intermediary in the chain of holders, starting with the intermediary that is registered in the debt register as a holder of the Securities Account as authorised nominee or direct registered owner.
Whether one or both of these options are available to you depends on the agreement between you and the authorised nominee or other intermediary that holds the Bonds on your behalf (and the agreement between the intermediaries, if there are more than one). The Agent recommends that you contact the securities firm that holds the Bonds on your behalf for assistance, if you wish to participate in the Written Procedure and do not know how your Bonds are registered or need authorization or other assistance to participate. Bonds owned by the Issuer, another Group Company or an Affiliate do not entitle to any voting rights.
D. Quorum To approve the Proposal, Holders representing at least 20 per cent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount must reply to the request under the Written Procedure in order to form a quorum. If a quorum does not exist, the Agent shall initiate a second Written Procedure, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Issuer. No quorum requirement will apply to such second Written Procedure.
10-5515451-1/338004-1

E.

Majority

Three quarters (3/4) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders reply under the Written Procedure must consent to the Proposal. If the Proposal is not adopted, or if the bondholders under the NOK Bond Agreement do not adopt the Proposal in Schedule 3, or if no confirmation is given to the Agent that the conditions at 2 (f) (B) - (G) have become effective, the Terms and Conditions will remain unchanged.

F. Address for sending replies

Return the Voting Form, Schedule 1, and, if applicable, the Power of Attorney/Authorisation in Schedule 2 or other sufficient evidence, if the bonds are held in custody other than Euroclear Sweden, by regular mail, scanned copy by e-mail, or by courier to:

(a) By regular mail: Nordic Trustee & Agency AB Attn: Written Procedure P.O, Box 7329 S-103 90 Stockholm
(b) By courier: Nordic Trustee & Agency AB Attn: Written Procedure Kungsgatan 35 111 56 Stockholm
(c) By e-mail: E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.se
4. FURTHER INFORMATION

The Agent may be contacted in relation to procedural questions regarding the voting process and related matters at mail@nordictrustee.se or +46 8 783 79 00.

For all other queries relating to the subject matter of this summons, including without limitation, the equitisation of the Bonds and related matters, please contact the Issuer at tomas.hedstrom@paresources.se o r+46 8 545 211 50.

Stockholm, 17 September 2015

Enclosed:

NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCYAB As Agent

1. Voting Form 2. Power of Attorney/Authorisation 3. Proposal to bondholders under the NOK Bond Agreement

10-5515451-1/338004-1

VOTING FORM
Schedule 1
For the procedure in writing in PA Resources AB (publ) maximum SEK 1,000,000,000 senior unsecured fixed rate bonds 2013/2016, ISIN: SE0005392834.
The undersigned Holder or authorised person/entity (the "Voting Person"), votes either For or Against the Proposal by marking the applicable box below.
NOTE: I f the Voting Person is not registered as Holder (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), the Voting Person must enclose a Power ofAttorney/Authorisation, see Schedule 2.
D For the Proposal
D Against the Proposal

Name of the Voting Person!

Capacity of the Voting Person:

Holder: | | 21 authorised person: | [ 3

Voting Person's reg.no/id.no and country of incorporation/domicile:

Securities Account number at Euroclear Sweden: (if applicable)
Name and Securities Account number of custodian(s): ( i f applicable)
Nominal Amount voted for (in SEK):

Day time telephone number, e-mail address and contact person:

Authorised signature and Name4

Place, date:

1 When voting in this capacity, no further evidence is required. 3When voting in this capacity, the person/entity voting must also enclose Power of Attorney/Authorisation (S c h e d u le 2 ) from the Holder or
other proof of authorisation showing the number of votes held on the Record Date. 4If the undersigned is not a Holder according the Terms and Condition and has marked the box "authorised person", the undersigned - by
signing this document - confirms that the Holder has been instructed to refrain from voting for the number of votes cast with this Voting Form.
10-5515451-1/338004-1

POWER OF ATTORNEY/AUTHORISATION
Schedule 2 For the procedure in writing in PA Resources AB (publ) maximum SEK 1,000,000,000 senior unsecured fixed rate bonds 2013/2016, ISIN: SE0005392834. NOTE: This Power ofAttorney/Authorisation document shall befilled out ifthe VotingPerson is not registered as Holder on the Securities Account, held with Euroclear Sweden. It must always be established a coherent chain ofpower ofattorneys derivedfrom the Holder. I.e. if theperson/entityfilling out this Power of Attorney/Authorisation in its capacity as "other intermediary", theperson/entity must enclose its Power of Attorney/Authorisationfi'om the Holder. Name of person/entity that is given authorisation (Sw. Befullmaktigad) to vote as per the Record Date:
Nominal Amount (in SEK) the person/entity is authorised to vote for as per the Record Date:
Name of Holder or other intermediaiy giving the authorisation (Sw. Fullmaktsgivaren):
We hereby confirm that the person/entity specified above (Sw. Befullmaktigad) has the right to vote for the Nominal Amount set out above. We represent an aggregate Nominal Amount of: SEK ______________________ We are:
D Registered as Holder on the Securities Account D Other intermediary and holds the Bonds through (specify below):
Place, date:
Name: Authorised signature of Holder/ other intermediary (Sw. Fullmaktsgivaren)
10-5515451-1/338004-1

APPENDIX 1 Management Incentive Plan
10-5515451-1/338004-1

