Execution version

ISIN: NO 001 0708332

Addendum Agreement to
the Bond Agreement between
Jacob Holm & Sonner Holding A/S (the " Issuer") and
Jacob Holm & Sons A G (the " Parent") and
Nordic Trustee ASA (the " Bond Trustee")
on behalf o f
the bondholders (the "Bondholders")
in bond issue
2014/2019 FRN Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue

Pages

Contents:

1

Definitions...........................................

2 Amendments to the Bond Agreement

Confirmation of the Bond Agreement

Commencement..................................

Dispute resolution and legal venue....

w WT f t CO to

1223744-5 MSJ PQV 21.Q 8.2014

This addendum agreement (the "A d d en d u m Agreem ent") is dated on Z S September 2014 be tween Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S (the "Issu e r"), Jacob Holm & Sons AG (the "Parent") and Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond T ru ste e ").

The Addendum Agreement comprises amendments to the bond agreement dated 3 April 2014 be tween Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S as issuer, Jacob Holm & Sons AG as guarantor and Nor dic Trustee ASA (formerly known as Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) as bond trustee (the "Bond A g ree m en t").

Whereas:

A.

On 3 April 2014, the Issuer, the Parent and the Bond Trustee entered into the Bond

Agreement concerning a certain FRN Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S Senior Secured

Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019.

B.

The parties have agreed to enter into this Addendum Agreement for the purpose of (i) the

Bond Trustee being able to be registered as representative (da: "repræsentant") with the

Danish Financial Supervisory Authority and (ii) clarifying certain terms of the Bond

Agreement.

Now therefore it is agreed as follows:

1

D e fin itio n s

In addition to the terms defined above and unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised

terms defined in the Bond Agreement shall have the same meaning in this Addendum

Agreement unless otherwise stated in the Addendum Agreement.

2

Am endm ents to the Bond Agreem ent

2.1

Amended definition of "Opco(s)" in Clause 1.1 shall read as follows:

""Opco(s)" means any Subsidiaries to be established for the purpose of implementing a Permitted Acquisition, including any Subsidiary which is established in Mexico, USA, Spain, Switzerland, Denmark, France, Malaysia and Japan."

2.2

As Sontara Japan G.K. (formerly known as Jacob Holm Japan G.K.) has become a Guaran

tor the definition of "Restricted Subsidiary" in Clause 1.1 and Clause i2(m) (Restricted

Subsidiaries) shall be deleted in their entirety.

2.3

New Clause 16.3.4 shall read as follows:

"If the Bond Trustee and/or the Security Agent becomes subject to bankruptcy proceed ings, the procedures set out in Clause 15 of the Bond Agreement shall apply to the change of Bond Trustee and/or Security Agent (as the case may be), except that the Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Issuer within ten Business Days after the Issuer be comes aware of the bankruptcy proceedings being opened and such Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Issuer."

1223744-5 MSJPQV 21.08.204

New Clause 16.4,4 shall read as follows: "The Issuer further appoints the Bond Trustee (both when acting as Bond Trustee and when acting as Security Agent) as representative (da: "repræsentant") for the Bondholders in accordance with Chapter 2 a of the Danish act on trading in securities etc. (da: "værdi papirhandelsloven") (as amended from time to time)." Confirmation of the Bond Agreement All other provisions of the Bond Agreement remain in full force and effect. The Bond Agreement and the Amendment Agreement constitute together the entire agreement be tween the parties with respect to the above mentioned bond issue. Commencement The amendments to the Bond Agreement made by the Addendum Agreement shall take ef fect from the date of this Addendum Agreement. Dispute resolution and legal venue Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law with the Oslo City Court as legal venue,
[The remainder o f this page is intentionally left blank]
1233744*5 MSJ PQV 2i.08.aoi4

The Parties hereto have executed this Addendum Agreement on the date set out in the beginning of this Addendum Agreement.
The Issuer For and on behalf of Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S:

Name: M<u Hq HjUUetseo Title: C-GX»

Name: Title:

The Parent For and on behalf of Jacob Holm & Sons AG;

</ ' Name: Title

j t/ l »r

The Bond Trustee For and on behalf of Nordic Trustee ASA:

\ ? 0 Name: HtuW'i tCJUU-eljcn
Title: C

S :e: Fredrik Lundb^rg

Name: Title:

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in 3 - three - copies (originals), of which the Issu er, the Parent and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

1223744-5 MSJ PQV 2L08.2Q14

