Execution Version ISIN NO. 0010724818 AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 1 to BOND AGREEMENT BETWEEN ORO NEGRO IMPETUS PTE. LTD (Issuer) and NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bonds issue First Priority Oro Negro Impetus Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2015
8619516/1

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 1 (the "Agreement") to the bond loan agreement originally dated 4 December 2014 (the "Bond Agreement") is made on 19 May 2015 by and between:

(1)

ORO NEGRO IMPETUS PTE. LTD., a company existing under the laws of Singapore

with registration number 201418924G (the "Issuer"); and

(2)

NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

no. 963 342 624), as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders,

(the parties referred to above are jointly referred to herein as the "Parties").

WHEREAS:

The Parties have agreed to make certain amendments to the Bond Agreement to implement the resolutions adopted at the Bondholders' Meeting held on 19 May 2015.

IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

1

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

Words and expressions used herein shall have the same meaning when used herein as set out in the Bond Agreement unless expressly set out herein or the context otherwise requires.
"Amended Bond Agreement" means the Bond Agreement as amended by this Agreement.
"Effective Date" means the date on which (i) the Bond Trustee has notified the Issuer that it has received all of the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions precedent documents) hereto in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee and (ii) it receives evidence of payment of the consent fee described in the supplemental summons posted on Stamdata on 18 May 2015.

2

AMENDMENT

Subject to the delivery to the Bond Trustee of the conditions precedent documents set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions precedent documents) hereto, Clause 13.7(d) of the Bond Agreement will be amended and restated in its entirety on and from the Effective Date so that it reads as follows:
"The Issuer shall at all times after August 31, 2015, maintain a minimum Asset Coverage Ratio of 120% (one hundred and twenty per cent)."

3

WAIVER

The Bond Trustee hereby confirms to the Issuer that the Bondholders' Meeting held on May 19, 2015 resolved to grant a waiver to the Issuer such that that no valuation of the Rig will be required until August 31, 2015. The Bond Trustee hereby grants such waiver.

4

REPRESENTATIONS

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that on the date of this Agreement and on the Effective Date:

8619516/1

Page 2 of 5

(a) Powers and authority: it has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby;
(b) Consents: all authorisations, approvals, consents, licences, exemptions, filings, registrations and other matters required by law for or in consequence of the entry into and performance by it of and/or the validity of this Agreement or the transactions to be implemented pursuant hereto have been obtained or effected or will be obtained or effected prior to the date required by law;
(c) Legal validity: this Agreement constitutes its legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations in accordance with its terms;
(d) Non-conflict: the entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not conflict with:
(i) any applicable law or regulation or any applicable official or judicial order in any respect;
(ii) its constitutional documents or any of its resolutions (having current effect); or
(iii) any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or which is binding upon any of them or on any of their assets; and
(e) No Event of Default: no Event of Default exists (other than as amended and/or waived pursuant to the terms of this Agreement) or is likely to result from the entry into of this Agreement.

5

NO OTHER AMENDMENTS

Except as expressly modified or waived by Clauses 2 and/or 3 (as the case may be) of this Agreement, all terms and provisions of the Bond Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by the Parties as if herein set forth in their entirety. All references in the Bond Agreement to "this Bond Agreement", "hereof", "hereby", "hereto", and the like shall, from the Effective Date, mean the Bond Agreement as hereby amended.

6

COSTS AND EXPENSES

The Issuer agrees to reimburse the Bond Trustee all reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with the drafting, negotiation and execution of this Agreement.

7

MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement is a Finance Document.
(b) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Agreement.
(a) The provisions of Clause 18.7 (Dispute Resolution and Legal Venue) of the Bond Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Agreement.
[Signatures are on the next page.]

8619516/1

Page 3 of 5

Gonzalo Gil White Attorney-in-Fact

SCHEDULE 1
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT DOCUMENTS
1. Minutes from the Bondholders' Meeting on 19 May 2015 evidencing the resolution of the Bondholders' Meeting to approve the proposal to amend the Bond Agreement as set out in the summons dated 4 May 2015.
2. Any legal opinions as may be reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in relation to this Agreement.
3. All necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer (duly executed). 4. Certified copies of the constitutional documents of the Issuer. 5. A certified copy of a power of attorney from the Issuer to the relevant individuals for their
execution of this Agreement or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute this Agreement.

8619516/1

Page 5 of 5

