· NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

To the bondholders in:

ISIN: NO 001 0364250 -11.0 per cent Cecon ASA Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2007/2012

Oslo, 11 November 2008

Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Amendment of Loan Agreement

1. Background

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Norsk Tillitsmann") is appointed as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee") for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Loan") where Cecon ASA ("Cecon" or the "Company") is the borrower.

All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the agreement of the Loan (the "Loan Agreement") or this summons to the Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.

On 5 November 2008, Cecon announced that it was not able to pay the semi-annual interest payment due on November 4th 2008 (see Appendix 1).

On 10 November, Cecon announced that it was in discussions with an industrial investor regarding an investment in Cecon, pending the clarification o f several subjects including due diligence. Norsk Tillitsmann has been informed of these discussions. Cecon has furthermore distributed a bondholders' letter which outlines the additional (see Appendixes 2 and 3).

2. The Proposal

The Company proposes the following amendments of the Loan Agreements (the "Proposal"):

(1) Interest Payment due November 2008

Unpaid interest due in November 2008 (the "Due Interest Amount") shall bear overdue interest equal to the current coupon plus 5% p.a. The Due Interest Amount (including overdue interest) falls due no later than 19th December 2008.

(2) Interest rate

The current coupon shall be increased by 5 % p.a. from (and including) the relevant Interest

Payment Date in November 2008 until the Due Interest Amount (including overdue interest)

is paid in accordance with item (1) above.

M A I L I N G A D D R E S S II P.O.BOX I47O VIKA, N-OIl6 O S L O

L O C A T I O N · H A A K O N VII G A T E I, OSLO, N O R W A Y

phone s +47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr s no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail · mail@trustee.no

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

To enable the borrower to conduct the proposed change of the Loan Agreement, Cecon has requested Norsk Tillitsmann to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.

The request for the delay of the interest payment is made to secure a completion of the refinancing of Davie Yards. This will also lead to an increase of the value o f the Hulls 717 and 718, as the Bondholders will also benefit from Davies continued work on the vessels under construction.

Further, the Company needs time to conclude the ongoing discussions with an industrial investor regarding a potential investment in Cecon in connection with the refinancing of Davie Yards - which will be of vital importance for the value for the Bondholders as well.

Furthermore, the coupon will be, until the default of interest payment is paid, increased with 5 % p.a. (which is equal to the default interest rate pursuant to the Loan Agreement).

Therefore, the Loan Trustee recommend the Bondholders to approve the Proposal. Nevertheless, the Bondholders themselves must evaluate, based on all information given from the Company, whether such proposed postponement of interest payment should be accepted.

3. Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

Thursday 20 November 2008 at 13.00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change o f the Loan Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

Proposed changes to the bond loan agreement and pertaining security documents

We propose the following amendments:

(1) Interest Payment due November 2008

Unpaid interest due in November 2008 (the "Due Interest Amount") shall bear overdue interest equal to the current coupon plus 5% p.a. The Due Interest Amount (including overdue interest) falls due no later than 19th December 2008.

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
(2) Interest, rate
The current coupon shall be increased by 5 % p.a. from (and including) the relevant Interest Payment Date in November 2008 until the Due Interest Amount (including overdue interest) is paid in accordance with item (1) above.
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 o f the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour o f the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership o f the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Norsk Tillitsmann accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Linn Verås
Enclosure: Bondholder's Form Appendix 1: Press Release from Cecon ASA on 5 November 2008 Appendix 2: Press Release from Cecon ASA on 10 November 2008 Appendix 3: Information to Bondholders from Cecon ASA dated 10 November 2008

News web

Page 1 of 1

Utsteder --alle --

Utst.ID

Instrument

Marked

-- alle --

Kategori --alle -- Fra dato 10.11.2008 Til dato 10.11.2008

1 1 English

Skjul ikke-

informasjonspllktlge s

pressemeldinger Vs*

Vis kun

lagringspliktige

,,

meldinger

W

Vis kun siste

J

versjon av melding

| Søk... | Nullstill...

Melding 222495 Dato/tid Utsteder Instrum ent M arked Kategori Korrigert Inform asjonspiiktig Vedlegg Tittel Tekst

05.11.2008 12:48:09
Cecon ASA

Oslo Axess ANDRE BØRSMELDINGER Ikke korrigert
Informasjonspliktige opplysninger Ingen vedlegg funnet Cecon Interest payment bondloan

Lagringspliktig melding

Cecon ASA hereby wishes to notify bondholders that the semi-annual interest payment due on November 4th was not paid on the payment date, but is expected to be paid within a short time. The Company is in negotiations with Norsk Tillitsmann on the interest payment. The reason for the delay of the interest payment is that the Company, in order to protect the interests of the Company and its bondholders has continued to pay limited installments to Davie Yards awaiting a conclusive solution to the financing situation at the yard. Cecon has been in a close dialogue with Norsk Tillitsmann to inform about the situation and the progress towards securing a definitive solution to the refinancing needs of Davie Yards. Further information: Call Ivar Halvorsen CFO Cecon ASA +47 48 13 22 45
This information is subject of the disclosure requirements acc. to §5-12 vphl (Norwegian
Th i .s......a.nnnun.c.eiri.p.nt.. ,wa.=!;...ar:i.a.i..na.l..l.v...d.:i.s.l-..r.i.bii±.ed. bv.....H.ua.i.n.... .T.he.. ,i ssuer.... i s..

Les om ansvar og rettigheter

http://www.newsweb.no/newsweb/index.jsp7messageIcN222495

10.11.2008

News web
emmim1
Utsteder --alle -- Utst.ID Instrument Marked -- alle --

Kategori --alle -- Fra dato 10.11.2008 Til dato 10.11.2008

Melding 222814 Dato/tid Utsteder Instru m ent Marked Kategori Korrigert
Inform asjonspliktig Vedlegg Tittel Tekst

10.11.2008 08:59:29 Cecon ASA

Oslo Axess ANDRE B0RSMELDINGER Ikke korrigert
Informasjonspliktige opplysninger Ingen vedlegg funnet Cecon: Ongoing strategic discussions

Lagringspliktig melding

Arendal, November 10th, 2008: Cecon ASA (Cecon) confirms that it is engaged in discussions with an industrial investor regarding a potential investment in Cecon in conjunction with the refinancing of Davie Yards. These discussions are ongoing and have not been concluded. Conclusion is pending clarifications of several subjects including due diligence.
For further information, contact CFO Ivar Halvorsen, tel.: +47 48 13 22 45

Page 1 of 1

III English

Skjul ikke-

informasjonspllktige ,,

pressemeldinger W

Vis kun

lagringspliktige

s

meldinger

W

Vis kun siste

J

versjon av melding ^

| Søk... | Nullstill...

Les om ansvar og rettigheter

http://www.newsweb.no/newsweb/index.jsp7messageIcN222814

10.11.2008

INFORMATION TO BONDHOLDERS FROM CECON ASA
Dear Bondholder,
following on the release related to interest payment on November 4th, and a consecutive telephone conference with some bondholders in the 2007, the board and administration of Cecon ASA ("Cecon" or the "Company") hereby wishes to provide comprehensive information on the events that have lead to the non-payment of interest, the rationale behind the board's decisions, and the Company's view on the process towards a refinancing of Davie Yards coming in place, with a resulting resolution of Cecon's liquidity challenges.
Background information
In July 2008, work on Cecon's vessels at Davie Yards ("Davie", or the "Yard") was proceeding according to plan, and Cecon had received no information on any operational or financial challenges at Davie. However, the refund guarantees had not yet been provided, although discussions were ongoing with EDC (Export Development Canada) and GIEK (Garantiinstituttet for Eksportkreditt). Consequently, in the middle of July, Cecon paid an ordinary installment on USD 14.440.000 based on an interim financing provided by DnB NOR, the provider of the First Loan (as defined below), as an unsecured amount (the "Unsecured Loan").
This Unsecured Loan was based on a separate loan agreement, with background in the First Loan agreement, and in anticipation of refund guarantees expected to fall in place shortly.
The First Loan is a drawdown facility on USD 195.000.000 and expected to cover all installments to the yard for all three hulls, not including the price increase on the hulls (see below; item Yard salvage strategy). This loan is the initial long term financing of the three ships. The collateral for the First Loan on each hull shall have priority before the bond loan. There has been no drawdown on this facility yet.
A coordination agreement between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (trustee for the Bond loan) and DnB NOR (agent for the First Loan) has been signed to regulate all matters/securities between the Bond Loan and the Drawdown facility.
Publication of Q2/2008 Davie Yards Inc. and consequences to Cecon
On August 11th Davie Yards Inc published their Q2/2008 report with aggregated deficit on its two shipbuilding projects, for a total of five vessels, of USD 77,336,000 and a negative equity of USD 25,467,000. In addition they declared that they would not be able to complete the 5 ships on order (whereof 3 for Cecon where the bondholders are participating in financing the first two) with the existing financial resources and customer payments. No information had been given to the yard's customers in advance of this announcement.
The consequence of this announcement was that DnB NOR demanded an immediate repayment of the Unsecured Loan, otherwise they would have to declare default on the First Loan agreement - and the project would no longer be fully funded. This pay back of the Unsecured Loan was performed during end September.
1/9

The consequence of not doing this could be dramatic for Cecon, the Yard and the bondholders, because this could trigger a default in the bond loan.
We refer to the enclosed images of the vessels under construction taken August 12th, illustrating the progress on the newbuildings at the time of Davie's Q2 announcement, and illustrating the value of the bondholders' security at this time.
Furthermore, a default on the First Loan would also create a financial risk for the Yard, which could remove any possibility for the Yard to secure its remaining financing.
Cecon was able to pay back the Unsecured Loan using cash at hand and payments due from customers. This drained the Company of most of its working cash, leaving Cecon in a challenging situation. However, as the Company had additional funds owed from customers, as well as the fact that Cecon secured a major contract in West Africa which would provide additional cash flow, Cecon's board decided that the best strategy for bondholders as well as for the Company's shareholders would be to continue operations and enter discussions with Davie on the resolution of the Yard's financial situation. Total payments due from customers at this point was around USD 9 million, in addition to an anticipated USD 10 million pre-payment from the West Africa customer. Hence, the Company at this stage anticipated that it should be in a position to pay the coupon on the USD 100 million bond loan (the "Bond Loan").
Yard salvage strategy
Immediately following the yard's Q2 announcement, Cecon met with Davie Yards to discuss the strategy for the refinancing of the yard. The yard spent a few weeks following the Q2 report to develop their understanding of the exact financing requirements, as well as the strategy to secure this financing, including potential contributions from existing shareholders. Cecon's CFO met with the Yard's CFO and COO on August 12-13 in Quebec, and Cecon's CEO met with Davie's CEO on August 28 in Stavanger, Norway. In both these meetings, Cecon outlined its requirement to the refinancing strategy, including demanding that the refinancing be sufficient to ensure that refund guarantees would be provided.
The initial response from Davie was received on September 10. The Yard at this point informed its customers that a major capital in-flow of USD 90 million would be required to obtain a delivery on all ships with a slightly delayed delivery schedule, but within the time limits as specified in the loan agreements, and to satisfy the requirements of the guarantor to provide the refund guarantees. Furthermore, the Yard informed its customers that it would run out of cash during September, and that interim funding would be required in order to avoid shutting down operations at the yard. The existing yard owners were unable to provide this funding, which meant that the Yard's customers would need to fund the yard or risk a cease of operations. However, Cecon was also informed that the tax refunds due to the Yard could be pledged as security for a temporary loan, thereby alleviating the customers.
Cecon was informed that a shut-down of operations could have dramatic consequences, as it could trigger default from the Yard's sub-suppliers, which again would mean that any refinancing efforts would be halted. Cecon verified that such might be the consequences of a shut-down based on
2/9

discussions with its legal advisors. This would then trigger a default in Cecon, and send Cecon in receivership.
Based on this information, and in cooperation with legal and financial advisors, Cecon and Ocean Hotels as the Yard's customers both agreed to participate in a "restructuring operation". On September 22, Cecon agreed on a term sheet (the "Term Sheet") with Davie Yards for an amendment of the Construction Contracts, whereby Cecon would accept a USD 40 million total price increase, and provide interim funding (to be subtracted from the regular installments), but with the option to withdraw if the Company did not perceive that efforts to secure a refinancing solution did not progress as anticipated, and with additional requirements to bringing in an industrial investor in the Yard, and to provide refund guarantees. The drop-dead-date for the Term Sheet was set at Oct. 31st. Ocean Hotels entered into a similar term sheet with a total price increase of USD 20 million, and has contributed with funds towards the interim funding.
The Board approved of this Term Sheet on the grounds that the work in progress which the Company has title to, and which constitutes the bondholders' security at this point had limited value given the costs connected with a default at the Yard, with moving the project to another Yard, and the expected value realization from the work in progress as per the date of the Term Sheet. Furthermore, the Board was of the opinion that limited interim funding would substantially increase the value of the security of the work in progress, and would also have a strong likelihood of bridging the Yard's financing until a permanent refinancing could fall in place, thus ensuring full recovery of the bondholders' investment. Furthermore, based on the accounts receivable, and the West Africa contract, the Board anticipated that the Company would be in a position to honor interest payments on the bond.
Developments in the bondholders' collateral since Aug. 11th
We again refer to the images of the work in progress as of August 12th, and the images of the work in progress as of October 28th, enclosed. As these images illustrate, both Hull 717 and Hull 718 have gone through a visible improvement. While Hull 717 in mid-August was not floatable, it can now be floated with limited additional investments, estimated at USD 9-11 million, as additional blocks have been installed on both the bow and the stern. Assembly of additional blocks on both the hulls has progressed according to schedule. Not visible on pictures, but equally important, during this period all 6 main engines (with a value equaling USD 24,000,000) have arrived at the Yard, and been installed in the first hull.
Progress towards a refinancing of Davie Yards and strategic discussions
As a consequence of the entering into of the Term Sheet, Cecon has been closely monitoring the progress towards a permanent refinancing solution of Davie Yards. While some uncertainties remain, Cecon believes that the yard is very close to a permanent refinancing solution. There has been a slippage in the process towards the final decision, which has delayed the process slightly, but Cecon anticipates that the solution could potentially be announced shortly.
Adjusting for the price increases from the two customers, the remaining financing need of Davie Yards is USD 30 million, in equity and subordinated (to the customers' claims) loans. Davie Yards on November 7th announced that it had been granted a CADm 10 loan, which is an important part of the
3/9

refinancing, and which replaces the need for additional interim financing from the customers for a period of an estimated 6-8 weeks. Cecon was informed that this loan would be provided, and has consequently provided interim funding to ensure that the Yard could maintain operations until the disbursement of the loan.
On November 10th, Cecon announced that it is engaged in discussions with an industrial investor regarding an investment in Cecon in conjunction with the refinancing of Davie Yards. These discussions are ongoing and have not been concluded. Conclusion is pending clarifications of several subjects including due diligence.
Current status, anticipated time line, and consequences of a default
As a consequence of the slippage in the completion of the refinancing of the Yard and the consequent increased need for interim funding, in combination with some adverse sequencing in the Company's operational cash flow, Cecon has found itself in a position in which the interest payment due on November 4th could not be made.
Upon the completion of the refinancing and the provisioning of refund guarantees, and after paying coupon on the bond loan as well as other outstanding payables, Cecon anticipates to have an operating cash balance of USD 15-20 million by year-end 2008. In the short-term, the Company has receivables of approximately USD 15 million. Furthermore, once refund guarantees are in place, the Company will be able to draw on bank debt to cover yard payments already made, which will free up additional cash.
Securing a completion of the refinancing will require a concession from Cecon's bond holders to delay the interest payment date of November 4. By granting such a concession, the bond holders will also benefit from Davie's continued work on the vessels under construction, leveraging the CADm 10 loan from Investissement Quebec, and consequently increasing the value of Hulls 717 and 718.
Should the bond holders decide to declare the Company in default now, this means forfeiting not only the opportunity to secure full recovery through a successful refinancing of Davie Yards, but also forfeiting the opportunity to increase the value of the collateral through the continued operations at Davie using the loan from IQ. In terms of understanding the value of the collateral today, the status on hulls 717 and 718 and the other collaterals is as follows:
· None of the hulls are currently floatable
· Hull no 717 is expected to be floatable on its own during January 2009. As can be seen from the pictures, it can be floated with limited additional investments (estimated at USD 9-11 million) within a short time
· Hull 718 will be floatable approx. 4.5 months after Hull 717
· In addition some equipment already received will be part of the collateral.
By approving the concession on the delayed interest payment date, the bond holders will ensure that Cecon during 2009 will receive the two complete vessels with an estimated market value of close to USD 200 million per vessel, and thus ensuring full recovery of the investment.
4/9

Summary Cecon ASA has been forced into a very difficult situation by a third party. A strategy had to be chosen to solve the problems to the benefit of bondholders and shareholders alike. While the strategy that has been followed has had a limited cost consequence, it has unfortunately had a severe cash flow consequence. The downside from letting the yard cease operations would have been to expose bondholders to a substantial loss. By following the strategy as described above, Cecon Has been able to substantially increase the value of the bondholders' collateral value, while also securing that a permanent solution ensuring full recovery of the investment will fall in place. The financial restructuring of Davie Yards, which is expected to be announced shortly, will regain a normal cash flow at Cecon within a fairly short time. Arendal, November 10, 2008 Ivar Halvorsen CFO, Cecon ASA
5/9

Images of the vessels under construction as per August 12, 2008 Hull 717 seen from the bow
Bow section and bulb prepared for installation, but not installed. Hull 717 seen from the stern
Stern section incomplete and open, preventing the vessel from being floatable. No engines installed in hull.
6/9

Hull 718 Two blocks installed in the dock.
7/9

Images of the vessels under construction as per October 28, 2008 Hull 717 seen from the bow
Significant part of bow installed in full height. Bulb missing, but prepared for installation. Hull 717 seen from the stern
Additional stern sections installed, further sections ready for installation at side of dock. Vessel can be floated with limited additional investment. All 6 engines installed in hull.
8/9

Hull 718 6 blocks installed in dock. Further blocks ready for installation shortly.
9/9

