NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

(Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.)

To the Bondholders in:

ISIN NO 001 039164.2 ISIN NO 001 036696.6 ISIN NO 001 059362.7 ISIN NO 001 058295.0 ISIN NO 001 058296.8

NOK 870,000,000 FRN Sevan Marine ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/12
USD 270,000,000 FRN Sevan Marine ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2013
NOK 700,000,000 14% Sevan Marine ASA Callable Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2010/14
NOK 625,000,000 Sevan Marine ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2010/15
USD 100,000,000 Sevan Marine ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2010/15

Oslo, 30 September 2011

Invitations to Information Meetings
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the holders of bonds (together, the "Bondholders") in the above series of bonds (together, the "Bond Issues") issued by Sevan Marine ASA (the "Issuer").
Today, 30 September 2011, the Issuer announced that an agreement in principle has been reached for the sale of three floating production storage and offloading (FPSO) units by the Issuer to Teekay Corporation ("Teekay") and for a consensual restructuring of Sevan Marine's capital structure, following discussions between the Issuer, Teekay, some of its largest shareholders, and a group of Bondholders holding a majority of each of the Bond Issues. The transactions remain subject to finalizing details and agreement on definitive documentation, in addition to formal approval by the Bondholders in each of the Bond Issues, the approval from the Issuer's shareholders, consent from Sevan FPSO charterers, and approvals by regulatory authorities.
For the purpose of discussing the proposed settlement terms with the Bondholders, in-person meetings open to all Bondholders will be held in Oslo and London (Bondholders need only attend one meeting). The meetings will be held:
In Oslo at the offices of Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS at Haakon VII's gate 10, 0161 Oslo (9th floor), on Tuesday 4 October 2011 at 12:30pm Oslo time

POBox 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo j Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

In London at the offices of Bingham McCutchen, 41 Lothbury, London, EC2R 7HF, on Wednesday 5 October at 2pm London time Please note that, in order to gain attendance at the meeting, you will need to Slave: 1. Confirmed to Bingham McCutchen your holdings in each of the Bond Issues (which information will be kept confidential); and 2. Signed and returned to Bingham McCutchen the attached form of confidentiality agreement (some of the information disclosed at the meeting will be confidential, but it is intended that the meetings will be held on an unrestricted basis). You will need to insert the details of the signing entity and the address for notices into the confidentiality agreement. Bondholders who wish to attend either of the meetings should provide their holdings confirmations and signed confidentiality agreement to Hannah Geddes fhannah.geddes@bingham.com') by 10:00 am London time on Monday 3 October 2011. Yours Sincerely, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
2

[ ] [September] 2011 SEVAN MARINE ASA
and [bondholder] CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT
UKDOCS/221342.2

THIS AGREEMENT is made on [ ] [September] 2011
BETWEEN:
(1) SEVAN MARINE ASA (the "Company"); and
(2) [BONDHOLDER] (the "Recipient").
WHEREAS:
A. The Recipient is a holder of Bonds and may enter into discussions with the Company regarding a potential restructuring of some or all of the Bonds.
B. In order to facilitate the discussions, the Company or its representatives, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA or the Advisers may from time to time, subject to the terms of this Agreement and in reliance on the undertakings by the Recipient set out herein, disclose Confidential Information in relation to the Group to the Recipient for the Stated Purpose.
C. This Agreement sets out the terms on which any Confidential Information will be disclosed.
D. Advisers to the Bondholders signed confidentiality agreements with the Company in substantially the same form as this Agreement on 2 June 2011, 6 June 2011, 7 June 2011 and 8 June 2011 (respectively).
WHEREBY IT IS AGREED as follows:

1, DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, the following words and expressions bear the meanings set out below:

"Advisers"

means Bingham, AMA, Thommessen, Platou or any of them.

"Agreement"

means this agreement and any amendment thereto in accordance with the terms of this agreement.

"AMA"

means AMA Capital Partners LLC.

"Authorised Third Party"

means:
(A) any auditor, regulator or professional indemnity insurer or professional adviser of or to the Recipient;
(B) any person as required by an order of any court o f competent jurisdiction or in pursuance of any proceedings before such court or in pursuance of any procedure for discovery of documents in any proceedings before such court;
(C) any person or other recipient pursuant to any

U K D O C S /2 2 1342.2

2

"Bingham" "Bondholders" "Bonds"
"Commencement Date" "Confidential Information"
"Group" "Non-Confidential In fo rm atio n "

legal proceedings, any request or requirement of any competent judicial, governmental, supervisory or regulatory body or any European Union body or as required under any applicable law or directive or the rules of any relevant stock exchange; or
(D) any court of competent jurisdiction, or any competent judicial, governmental, supervisory or regulatory body or any European Union body.
means Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP
means the holders of the Bonds (or any of them).
means the following Bonds issued by the Company: NC)K700,000,000 14% Sevan Marine ASA Callable Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2010/2014 with ISIN NO 001 059362.7; NOK870,000,000 FRN Sevan Marine ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012 with ISIN NO 001 039164.2; NOK625,000,000 and US$100,000,000 Sevan Marine Senior Secured Bond Issuer 2010/2015 with ISIN NO 001 058295.0 and NO 001 058 296.8 and US$270,000,000 FRN Sevan Marine ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2013 with ISIN NO 001 036696.6.
means the date of this Agreement.
means any and all information or data of a financial, legal or commercial nature which the Company now or at any time during this Agreement has disclosed to the Recipient and which (i) relates to the business or affairs, or projected business or affairs, of the Company or the Group, and (ii) is confidential and/or proprietary in nature and not public, but excluding Non-Confidential Information.
means the Company and all of its subsidiaries.
means information which:
(A) is or becomes generally available to the public (other than as a result of any disclosure by the Recipient in breach of this Agreement);
(B) has been made available to the Recipient, Norsk Tillitsmann or a Bondholder prior to the date of this Agreement otheiwise than on a confidential basis;

!1 3 4 2 .2

3

" Platon" "Related Person" "Restricted Information"
" Stated Purpose" Thommessen

(C) is or becomes available to the Recipient or any Related Person from a source other than the Group which, as far as the Recipient is actually aware, is not subject to an obligation of confidentiality to the Group; or
(D) was or is independently developed by the Recipient, any Related Person, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, a Bondholder or a legal, financial, professional or other adviser to Norsk Tillitsmann or a Bondholder and which is not based on or includes confidential information.
means RS Platou Markets AS and RS Platou ASA.
means with any director, member, partner, officer or employee of the Recipient.
means price-sensitive information, the possession of which would or may prohibit any person from hading in the Bonds as a matter of Norwegian, English, or US law or regulation or any other applicable securities law.
means to allow the Recipient to evaluate any restructuring proposals made by the Company or the Advisers with respect to the Bonds (or any of them).
means Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS.

1.2 Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Agreement to:
1.2.1 a section, clause or sub-clause is to a section, clause or sub-clause, as the case may be, of or to this Agreement;
1.2.2 the singular shall be deemed to include the plural and vice versa.
1.3 The headings in this Agreement are for ease of reference only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement.
2. CONFIDENTIALITY
2.1 In consideration of any disclosure by the Company of Confidential Information to the Recipient, the Recipient hereby undertakes on its own behalf:
2.1.1 to keep confidential all the Confidential Information and not to use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than the Stated Purpose;
2.1.2 to use reasonable endeavours to procure that the Confidential Information is kept confidential, and apply and protect with at least equivalent security measures and

UKDOCS/221342.2

4

an equivalent degree of care as the Recipient would apply to its own confidential information;

2.1.3

not to disclose, without the express prior written consent of the Company, any of the Confidential Information to any person other than:

(A) an Authorised Third Party (subject to Clause 2.1.4);

(B) a Related Person where disclosure to that Related Person is reasonably required having regard to the Stated Purpose and the position of that Related Person;

(C) to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA or an adviser to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA; or

(D) any Bondholder that has delivered to the Company a signed confidentiality agreement on substantially the same terms as this Agreement or has entered into another form of confidentiality agreement satisfactory to the Company.

2.1.4

that disclosure to any Authorised Third Party shall be made only (i) to the extent that the Recipient (based on the advice of counsel) considers it is necessary for the Stated Purpose, (ii) as provided in this Agreement, (iii) as required by an order of, or otherwise to, any court of competent jurisdiction or in pursuance of any proceedings before such court or in pursuance of any procedure for discovery of documents in any proceedings before such court, (iv) pursuant to any request or requirement of, or otherwise to, any competent judicial, governmental, supervisory or regulatory body or any European Union body, (v) if required under any applicable law or directive or the rules of any relevant stock exchange, or (vi) for professional indemnity or regulatory puiposes; provided that in each case, and at the cost of the Company, the Recipient shall use reasonable endeavours (if applicable, based on the advice of its legal counsel) in the circumstances to maintain the confidential nature of the Confidential Information;

2.1.5

that each Related Person to whom it discloses Confidential Information will be made aware of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and of the provisions of this Agreement and that each such person shall comply with such obligations as though such person was a party to this Agreement; and

2.1.6

to the extent reasonably practicable and (based on the advice of the Recipient's counsel) permitted by law or regulation, to inform the Company without undue delay and without having been requested to do so of the full circumstances of any disclosure to any Authorised Third Party (other than under sub paragraphs (A) and (C) of that definition in relation to a routine regulatory review), or any disclosure in breach o f the terms of this Agreement promptly on becoming aware that such disclosure has been made.

For the avoidance of doubt, none of the undertakings in Clause 2.1 above shall apply to Non-Confidential Information.

If the Company notifies the Recipient in writing that it is no longer actively pursuing restructuring proposals relating to Bonds and in such notice invokes this clause, the Recipient shall within 21 days of such receipt, except as provided below, as requested by the Company return to the Company or destroy all Confidential Information supplied to the

:.2

5

Recipient by or on behalf of the Company in whatsoever form held (but excluding any analyses or other documents prepared by or for the Recipient which are derived from the Confidential Information). The Recipient shall in such circumstances destroy or permanently erase all copies of Confidential Information made by it if so requested in writing, subject to any obligation on it to maintain its own files in which case it shall take reasonable steps to make such Confidential Information secure to the extent reasonably practicable and provided that this shall not require the Recipient to incur any out of pocket expense (other than that which is de minimis). In the case of Confidential Information held on a computer system and which cannot reasonably be returned or destroyed including electronically archived information, the Recipient shall, if so requested by the Company, take reasonable steps to make such Confidential Information secure to the extent reasonably practicable and provided that this shall not require the Recipient to incur any out of pocket expense (other than that which is de minimis). The provisions of this sub-clause shall not apply to the extent the Recipient continues to use such documents or information for any part of the Stated Purpose. Nothing in this sub-clause shall prevent the Recipient from retaining one copy of all Confidential Information solely for internal policy, professional indemnity, regulatory or professional rules requirements.

3.

NO REPRESENTATION

Neither the Company nor its officers, employees or advisors (1) make any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any of the Confidential Information; or (2) shall be under any obligation to update or correct any inaccuracy in the Confidential Information.

4.

EQUITABLE RELIEF

Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, the Recipient agrees and acknowledges that damages would not be an adequate remedy for any breach by the Recipient of the provisions of this Agreement and that the Company shall be entitled to the remedies of injunction, specific performance and other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the provisions of this Agreement by the Recipient and that no proof of special damages shall be necessary for the enforcement of this Agreement.

5. ASSIGNMENT
The Recipient may not assign or transfer any rights or obligations under this Agreement without the Company's prior written consent.

6.

NO WAIVER

No acts, omissions or words spoken by the Company or any failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege shall constitute a waiver of any of the terms herein to be observed or performed by the Recipient.

7.

CONTINUING OBLIGATIONS

The obligations in this Agreement are continuing and shall terminate one year after the date of this Agreement.

UKDOCS/221342.2

6

8.

SEVERABILITY

If any provision of this Agreement is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity of all other provisions (and, if applicable, the remainder of the provision in question) shall not be affected.

9. AMENDMENTS Any amendment to this Agreement must be in writing and signed by both parties.

10. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement, and replaces, supersedes, and cancels all previous arrangements, understandings, representations or agreements relating thereto. Each party confirms that in entering into this Agreement it has not relied on any representation, warranty, assurance, covenant, indemnity, undertaking or commitment which is not expressly set out in this Agreement.

11. COUNTERPARTS
This Agreement may be executed by the different parties on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

12. RESTRICTED INFORMATION
The Recipient acknowledges that some or all of the Confidential Information is or may be Restricted Information, and acknowledges that any violation of applicable trading restrictions may constitute a criminal offence.

13. MIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
No term of this Agreement is enforceable under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by a person who is not a party to this Agreement (except that members of the Group shall be entitled to enforce the terms hereof independently and directly as if parties hereto).

14. NOTICES

14.1 Notices, approvals, consents or other communications under or in connection with this Agreement shall be delivered by fax, post or electronic mail to the following:

The Company:

Sevan Marine ASA Kittelsbuktveien 5, 4836 Arendal, Norway Tel: +47 916 64 720 Attn: Carl Lieungh Email: cli@sevanmarine.com

UKDOCS/221342.2

7

The Recipient:

[INSERT]

14.2 The Company shall notify the Recipient and the Recipient shall notify the Company forthwith in the event that the identity of the persons named in relation to themselves respectively in Clause 14.1 or any of the contact details in relation thereto changes.
IS. GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in all respects in accordance with, the laws of England and Wales and the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.

U K D O C S /2 2 1342.2

8

IN WITNESS whereof this Agreement has been entered into the day and year first before written.

SIGNED by for and on behalf of SEVAN MARINE ASA
Date:

)

)

.......................

Director

)

SIGNED by

)

for and on behalf of

)

[BONDHOLDER]

)

Date: [ ] September 2011

U K D O C S /2 2 1342.2

9

