NORSK TILLITSM A N N ASA
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 028756.8 -9.25% Mosvold Drilling Ltd Senior Secured Bond Issue 2005/2010
Oslo, 20 September 2007
EARLY REDEMPTION - SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING The proposal Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM") acts as loan trustee for the above-captioned bond loan (the "Loan") where Seadrill Deepwater Drillship Ltd (previous Mosvold Drilling Ltd) (the "Company") is the borrower. The Company proposes to the bondholders an early redemption of the Remaining loan at a settlement date between 9 - 1 2 October 2007 at 106.50 % of par value (plus accrued interest). The Company has engaged Pareto Securities ASA (the "Manager" or "Pareto") as financial adviser to assist the Company in connection with the proposed early redemption. Bondholders who would like more information about the proposal are request to contact the Manager on telephone no +47 22 87 87 70. Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Loan have given the Manager (on behalf of the Company) a committed approval o f the proposal of early redemption. The proposal is put forward to the bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from NTM. Those of the bondholders who have not given prior approval to the Manager must evaluate the proposal on an individual basis. It is recommended that the bondholders consult with tax advisors as to the possible tax consequences of the proposal.

phone » 22 87 94 00

M A I L I N G ADDRESS · P . O . B O X I 4 7 O VIKA, N - O I 1 6 OSLO

L O C A T I O N · HAAKON V I I GATE I , OSLO

fax » 22 87 94 10

org.nr m no 963 342 624 e-mail » mail@norsktillit.no

e·

N O RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

Tuesday 2 October 2007 at 13:00 (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval o f the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Bond Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

"The bondholders consent to, without further information, an early redemption o f the Remaining loan at a settlement date between 9 - 1 2 October 2007 at 106.50 % o f par value (plus accrued unpaid interest). "

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 2/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).

In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

2 -

-

· N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Legal director Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
-3 -

