NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Notice of Bondholders' Meetings
Denne innkalling til obligasjonseiermøte er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. Ved behov kan Norsk Tillitsmann A SA kontaktes for bistand med oversettelse.
To the bondholders in:

ISIN: NO 001 035738.7 ISIN: NO 001 037520.7

Nexus Floating Production LTD Residual Bond Issue Number One
Nexus Floating Production LTD Residual Bond Issue Number Two

Oslo, 22 D ece m ber 2011

NOTICE OF BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
For term ination o f Loan A g reem en ts in exchange fo r A greem en ts for C ond itional Paym en t
N orsk Tillitsm an n A SA ("NTM" or the "Trustee") acts as loan trustee for the two bond loans with ISIN NO 001035738.7 now In th e am ou nt o f USD 37,956,000, and with ISIN NO 001037520.7 now in th e am ou nt o f USD 29,069,000 (together th e "Bonds" or the "Residual Loans"). Nexus Floating Production Ltd. (to g e th e r referred to as th e "Company", or "Nexus") is th e "Borrower" under the Residual Loans. "N exus Floating Production Ltd and its (direct and indirect) subsidiaries are defined as "Group." All capitalized term s used herein and not oth erw ise defined herein shall h ave the m eanings assigned th ereto in the agree m en ts for the Residual Loans, as am ended and restated from tim e to tim e (the "Loan Agreements").
The information regarding the operational and financial status of the Company and market conditions is provided by the Company, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.

1.

BACKGROUND

A ccoun tin g rules require th e C om pan y to book th e total am ou nt o f its obligations u nder the Loan Agreem ents.

The Residual Loans m ature on 7 March 2012 when the full aggregate outstanding am ounts under the Loan A greem en ts in the agg re gate am ou nt o f USD 67,025,000 will fall due for repay m e nt to the Bondholders.

Th e construction con tract (the "Nexus #2 Contract") entered Into with S am sung H eavy Industries (the "Yard") fo r the construction o f Nexus #2 has been su spended and the deferral period ends on 28 February 2012.

Th e C om pan y Is now proposing a solution w h ereby the B ondholders In the two Residual Loans agree to a term ination of the Loan Agreem ents, and that they waive their rights to be paid principle and in terest u nder the Loan A greem en ts, in exchange for a con ditional paym ent agreem en t related to the restart o f the deferred N exus #2 Contract. It is proposed th a t u nder the arran ge m en t each of the Bondholders will receive a paym ent proportional to their Bondholding, conditional on the Nexus #2 Contract being restarted, or the rights and benefits under the Nexus #2 Contract being tran sferred to a third party, in circum stances as described in the proposed A g re e m e n t for Conditional Payment,

2.

THE PROPOSAL

Th e C om pan y proposes the follow in g (the "Proposal"):

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 ] www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
For the USD 37,956,000 Nexus Floating Production LTD Residual Bond Issue Num ber One and for the USD 29.069.000 Nexus Floating Production LTD Residual Bond issue Num ber Two:
Notwithstanding the Maturity Date o f 7 March 2012 the Loan Agreem ents shall be term inated with effect from 30 June 2012. However, and subject always to the Conditional Paym ent A g reem en t (as set out in Exhibit 1 hereto) is entered into, w ith effect from 31 D ecem ber 2011, the Com pany shall have no obligation to m ake any further paym ents to the Bondholders. T h e reason w hy the Bonds do not m ature before 30 June 2012 is only to facilitate the Notification and Registration procedure as set out below.
T h e Residual Loans, toge th er with th e aggregate principal am ou nt o f all Bonds outstanding in the Residual Loans, and any and all other am ounts owed by the Com pany to the Bondholders, including interest (if any) shall be written off w ithout any further notice to the bondholders and the Bondholders waive all rights to receive paym ent from the Com pany under the Loan Agreem ents, together with all other rights they may have thereunder. In consideration fo r the B ondholders agreeing to the above, the C om pan y will en te r Into a conditional paym ent agreem ent with the Bondholders, as described below (draft of the agreem en t is attached as Exhibit 1 hereto). Conditional payment:
Conditional on
(I) th e restart of the deferred N exus# 2 Contract, or
(ii) th e rights and benefits u nde r the N exus #2 C ontract being transferred to a third party, or
(iii) th e sale o f the shares in Nexus 2 Private Lim ited or perm ission fo r Nexus 2 Private Lim ited to sell or dispose o f a su bstan tial part of its assets or operations, or enter into any other transaction which would have the sam e effect,
the Bondholders shall be entitled to a Conditional P a y m e n t.
Am ount of paym ent:
The am ount payable to the Bondholders by way o f conditional paym ent shall be USD 15,000,000 (the "Conditional Payment") w hich (su bject to n otification and registration as described below) shall be paid to each Bondholder pro rata based on the registration with NTM as set out below (the "Conditional Payment Rights").
Notification and Registration:
A ssum ing the B ondholders app rove the Proposal, each B on dh older is required to register its entitlem ent to a Conditional Paym ent with NTM, such registration to be m ade within 30 June 2012.
The registration may only be m ade as follows:
1) Each B on dh older send an em ail to PQ st@ trustee.no w ith a requ est o f registration
2) NTM reverts to the Bondholder with a "Form of Notification and Registration" which has to be duly executed by the Bondholder
3) The Bondholder delivers the "Form of Notification and Registration" and its Bonds to NTM (the Bonds has to be delivered free of paym ent (FOP))
4) NTM confirm s to the Bondholder reception of "Form of Notification and Registration" and Bonds,
Bondholders who do not within 30 June 2012 register their entitlem ent and receive a confirm ation as set out above, shall not be entitled receive any Conditional Payment.
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax:+47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Payment date:
T h e C ond itional Paym ent shall be due and payable by the C om p an y on the earlier of:
(i) a fte r the restart o f the deferred Nexus #2 C o n tract by all parties thereto,; or
(ii) th e rights and benefits u nder the Nexus #2 C o n tract being tran sferred to a third party, or
(iii) a fte r the sale o f the shares o f Nexus 2 Private Lim ited or if Nexus 2 Private Lim ited should sell or dispose of a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or w ould en ter into any other transaction which would have the sam e effect,
in either o f these three cases (Conditional Payment Event), th e C onditional Paym en t shall be paid before paym ent is m ade to any oth er cred itor and im m ediately follow ing the receipt o f fu nds by th e C om pan y relating to a Conditional Paym en t Event, and in no case later than 30 Banking days follow ing a C ond itional Paym ent Event, be paid in full.
Paym ents as listed above are conditional upon, and lim ited to the extent of: (a) the Com pany being solvent at the tim e of paym ent by the Com pany, and accordingly
in such event no paym ent shall be payable ex ce p t to the extent that the Com pany could m ake such paym ent and still be solvent im m ediately thereafter. For the purpose o f this C lau se 0, the C om pan y shall be solv e n t if its assets are equal to or exceed Its liabilities; and
(b) the Borrow er having freely available funds to m ake the paym ents.

Term ination:
If the Nexus #2 C ontract is term inated, fo r any reason, the B on dholders' rights to receive paym ent under the Conditional Paym ent A greem ent shall forthwith term inate and the Bondholders shall not be entitled to any paym ent from the Com pany.
Assignm ent:
The Conditional Paym ent Rights granted to each Bondholder are not transferable.
Borrower's Bonds:
T h e term ination o f the Loan A greem ents shall also resu lt in th e Borrow er's Bonds being cancelled with no entitlem ent to the Borrower.
Trustee:
NTM shall con tin ue to a ct as T ru stee o f the Bondholders in con nection with the C onditional Paym ent A greem en t, as outlined in the proposed C onditional P a ym en t Agreem ent.

3.

NON-RELIANCE

Th e request is put forw ard to the Bondholders w ith out fu rth e r evaluation o r recom m end ation s from the Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate w hether the proposed changes are acceptable.

For further inform ation about the Com pany, please also refer to the web site w w w .nexusfp.no.

Notice convening Bondholders' meeting.

A jo in t Bondholders' m eeting will be held for both Residual Loans. Voting procedures will be carried out separately for each individual Residual Loan.

Bondholders are hereby sum m oned to a Bondholders' meeting:

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo j Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Time:

30 D ecem ber 2011 at 12:00 (noon) (Oslo time).

Place:

T h e prem ises o f N orsk Tillitsm an n ASA, Haakon V II's gate 1, Oslo

Agenda:

1. Approval of the notice of meeting

2. Approval of the agenda

3. Election of two bondholders to sign the minutes together with the chairperson

4. Proposal to terminate the Loan Agreements
5. Proposal to enter into Agreements for Conditional Payments in exchange for the termination of the Loan Agreements

It is proposed th at th e B on dholders' m eeting resolve the follow in g (the "R esolution"):

A) T h e B on dholders' M eeting approves the Proposal as described In C lause 2 in the su m m ons to this B ondholders' M eeting, su b ject to th e Proposal is adopted by both Residual Loans.
B) N orsk T illitsm an n A S A is given th e pow er of attorn ey to en te r into the necessary ag ree m en ts in connection with the decision m ade by the B ondholders' M ettings as well as to carry out the necessary com pletion work, including make other necessary am endm ents of Loan Agreem ents and to enter into the Conditional Paym ent Rights as set ou t in E xh ib it 1 - Term s of C ond itional P a ym en t A greem ent.

To approve the Resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 majority of each Residual Loan represented in person or by proxy at the B on dholders' M eeting fo r th at Residual Loan m u st vote In fa v o u r of the Resolution. In order to have a quorum , at least half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds of each Residual Loan m ust be represented at the Bondholders' Meeting. If the Resolution is not adopted, the Proposal will be dism issed and the Loan A greem en ts will remain unchanged.

oOo

Please find enclosed a print-out from VPS, indicating your bondholding at the date of the print-out. This print-out will serve as proof of ownership of the bonds and o f the voting rights o f the individual B o n d h o ld er at the Bondholders' m eeting in a cco rd an ce w ith the provisions o f the Loan Agreem ents. The individual Bondholder may authorise Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA as Loan Trustee to vote on its behalf. A duly signed pow er o f attorney, enclosing a copy of the com plete print-out from VPS, authorising Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA to vote must then be sent to Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA by post (P.O. Box 1470 V ika, N -0116 Oslo, Norw ay) or via te lefax (+ 47 22 87 94 10) or scanned em ail (po st@ tru ste e .n o j in due tim e before the m eeting is scheduled.
In the event th a t Bonds have been transferred a fte r the print-out w as m ade, the new B on dholder m ust present to the meeting or enclose to the power o f attorney, as the case may be, the original sum m ons and the print-out, endorsed so as to docum ent the transfer. Please refer to the Loan Agreem ents for details.
If the bonds are held In custody other than in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("l/erdipaplrsentralen" - "VPS"), an evidence provided from the custodian - confirming that you are the beneficial owner of the bonds, in which account number the bonds are held and the amount of bonds owned - have to be obtained and brought along to the Bondholder's meeting or enclosed to the power of attorney, as the case may be.

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax:+47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
For practical purposes, w e request those w ho intend to attend th e Bondholders' m eeting, eith er in person or by proxy, to notify Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA by telephone no. +47 22 87 94 00 or by e-mail f post@ trustee.no ) by 16:00 hours the business days before the Bondholders' meeting. Best regards Enclosure: - VPS Statem ent / Power of attorney form - Exhibit 1 - Term s of Conditional Paym ent Agreem ent
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

Terms of Conditional Payment Agreement
THIS AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") has been entered into on [date] between Nexus Floating Production, Ltd. (Singapore, Company No 200606577R) as party (the "Company") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as trustee (the "Trustee").

1.

DEFINITIONS

Terms and expressions used in this Agreement shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:

any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo.

Beneficiaries:

the registered persons and/or entities which will be registered by the Trustee (pursuant to Clause 6 hereto) as holder of beneficial rights under this Agreement.

Bondholder:

means a holder of Bonds

Bonds:

the bonds in the Residual Loans

Conditional Payment:

USD 15,000,000 as the amount payable to Beneficiaries

Conditional Payment Rights:

each Beneficiary's right in proportion to its holdings of beneficial rights under this Agreement as registered by the Trustee (pursuant to Clause 6 hereto) at any time

Group:

the Company and its (direct and indirect) subsidiaries

Nexus#2:

shall mean the FPSO to be constructed under the Nexus#2 Contract

Nexus#2 Contract:

shall mean the deferred construction contract the entered into with Samsung Heavy Industries (the "Yard") for the construction of Nexus #2

Conditional Payment Event:

means each event defined as a Payment Event in Clause 9.

Residual Loans:

means the bond issues with ISIN NO 001 035738.7 and NO 001 037520.7.

2. 2.1

THE FUNCTIONS, DUTIES AND LIABILITY OF THE TRUSTEE
The Trustee shall pursuant to this Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Beneficiaries' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Company as set out below: (i) deal with all matters concerning the registration of Beneficiaries in accordance with Clause 6; (ii) deliver and execute this Agreement on behalf of the Beneficiaries as their legal representative; (iii) exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Trustee under this Agreement; (iv) forward to the Beneficiaries necessary information which is obtained and received in its capacity as

Beneficiary's representative; and (v) verify and perform on behalf of the Company the timely and correct payment to the Beneficiaries.

2.2 2.3 3. 3.1
4.

In performing its functions as Beneficiary's representative, the Trustee is not obligated to assess the Company's financial situation or ability to service the amounts conditionally payable to the Beneficiaries except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from this Agreement.
The Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Beneficiaries as a result of gross negligence of the Trustee in performing its functions and duties under this Agreement. The Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Company.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
The Company hereby represents and warrants that:
(i) the Company is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(ii) the Company has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of this Agreement;
(iii) this Agreement constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations o f the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render this Agreement enforceable against the Company;
(iv) to the best of its knowledge the entry into and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the transactions hereby contemplated do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles o f association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Company;
(v) to the best of its knowledge all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Company in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, and the transactions hereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(vi) to the best of its knowledge all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Company to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect;
(vii) the Company's payment obligations under this Agreement rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Company (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application);
(viii) the Company is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Trustee (on behalf of the Beneficiaries) or the Beneficiaries under this Agreement; and
(ix) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 3.1, are made by the Company as at the date hereof.
STATUS OF THE BENEFICIARIES' RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT

4.1 4.2

The Company's payment obligations under this Agreement shall in a Conditional Payment event rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Company (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).
The Conditional Payment Rights shall be a direct, non-interest bearing unsecured conditional obligation of the Company and shall rank without preference amongst the Beneficiaries.

5. 5.1
5.2

BENEFICIARIES ENTITLEMENT TO CONDITIONAL PAYMENT
The Company shall pay to the Beneficiaries in total USD 15,000,000 by way of Conditional Payment, to be apportioned amongst the Beneficiaries pro rata in accordance their Conditional Payment Rights, subject always to Clause 6 and 7 below.
Payments under the Clause 5.1 are conditional upon, and limited to the extent of: (a) the Company being solvent at the time of payment by the Company, and accordingly in such event no
payment shall be payable except to the extent that the Company could make such payment and still be solvent immediately thereafter. For the purpose o f this Clause 5.2, the Company shall be solvent if its assets are equal to or exceed its liabilities; and

(b) the Borrower having freely available funds to make the payments.

6.

REGISTRATION

Payment in accordance with its Conditional Payment Rights to a Beneficiary is further conditional on the Beneficiary having registered its entitlement to a Conditional Payment with the Trustee, such notification to be made within 30 June 2012.

The registration may only be made as follows:

1) Each Bondholder send an email to post(Strustee.no with a request of registration
2) The Trustee reverts to the Bondholder with a "Form of Notification and Registration" which has to be duly executed by the Bondholder
3) The Bondholder delivers the "Form of Notification and Registration" and its Bonds to the Trustee (the Bonds has to be delivered free of payment (FOP))
4) The Trustee confirms to the Bondholder reception of "Form of Notification and Registration" and Bonds.

7. 7.1

Bondholders who do not within 30 June 2012 register their entitlement and receive a confirmation as set out above, shall not be entitled to receive any Conditional Payment.

COVENANTS

During the term of this Agreement the Company shall comply with the following information covenants:
(i) immediately inform the Trustee of any Payment Event with respect to the Conditional Payment pursuant to Clause 10;

(ii) forward to the Trustee copies o f any creditors' notifications of the Company , including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital;

(iii) at the request o f the Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to enable the Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Agreement, laws and regulations;

(iv) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Company's financial condition as the Trustee may reasonably request;

(v) immediately inform the Trustee of any changes of the Nexus# 2 Contract

(vi) provide the Trustee with confirmation of the date of restart of the deferred of the Nexus#2 Contract;

(vii)

provide the Trustee with notice of the rights and the benefits under the Nexus #2 Contract

being transferred to a third party, or

(viii) provide the Trustee with notice of any sale of the shares of Nexus 2 Private Limited or permission

for Nexus 2 Private Limited to sell or dispose of a substantial part of its assets or operations, or enter into any other transaction which would have the same effect;
(ix) provide the Trustee with notice if the deferred Nexus # 2 Contract is terminated for any reason.

8.

TAXES

The Beneficiaries shall be responsible for the payment of any taxes which arise on the Conditional Payment. If required by law or regulations taxes will be deducted at source and the Conditional Payment made net of applicable taxes.

9.

PAYMENT EVENTS

9.1

The Conditional Payment shall become due for payment upon the occurrence of any of the following events ("Payment Events"):
(i) the restart of the deferred Nexus #2 Contract; or

(ii) the rights benefits under the Nexus #2 Contract being transferred to a third party

(iii) the sale of the shares of Nexus 2 Private Limited or permission for Nexus 2 Private Limited to sell or dispose of a substantial part of its assets or operations, or enter into any other transaction which would have the same effect,

in either o f these three cases the Conditional Payment, as defined in Clause 1 and limited by Clause 6, shall be paid before payment to any other creditor and immediately following the receipt of funds by the Company relating to a Conditional Payment Event, and in no case later than 30 Banking days following a Conditional Payment Event, be paid in full.

10.

AUTHORITY OF THE BENEFICIARIES' MEETING AND THE TRUSTEE

10.1

To the extent creditor's approval is required pursuant to law, regulation or agreement, the Beneficiaries' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning this Agreement, such as:

(a)

change of Trustee,

(b)

changes to this Agreement.

The Beneficiaries' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.

The Beneficiaries' meeting cannot make decisions that may give certain Beneficiaries preference or an advantage compared to other Beneficiaries.

10.2

The Trustee cannot make a decision under this Agreement that may give certain Beneficiaries preference or an advantage compared to other Beneficiaries.

10.3

The Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Beneficiaries' meeting.

10.4

The Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Beneficiaries' meeting.

10.5

The Company and the Beneficiaries shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 10.1 and 10.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.

10.6 Decisions to be made in accordance with the summons to the bondholder meeting

11.

CHANGE OF TRUSTEE

11.1

In the event that the Company or Beneficiaries wish to replace the Trustee, or a change of Trustee is necessary pursuant to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Trustee has requested such change, the Trustee shall immediately convene a Beneficiaries' meeting to discuss the matter.

The Trustee shall put before the Beneficiaries' meeting a proposal for a new trustee. The Beneficiaries and the Company can submit proposals.

The Beneficiaries shall after the Beneficiaries' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of trustee becomes effective.

11.2

The Trustee shall act as Trustee until a new trustee has been elected. In the event that the Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the Beneficiaries suffer, the Beneficiaries may appoint a temporary trustee. The cost of the temporary trustee shall be covered by the Company, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former trustee if the change is due to breach of the trustee's duties under the Agreement, or other circumstances for which the trustee is responsible.

11.3

The Trustee shall co-operate so that the new trustee is given, without undue delay after the Beneficiaries' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under this Agreement. The Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of this Agreement.

12.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND LEGAL VENUE

12.1

Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singaporean and Norwegian courts.

12.2

Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Trustee.

13.

TERMINATION
This Agreement shall terminate and become null and void on the earlier of (i) payment being made to the Beneficiaries following a payment event as provided for in Clause 90, or if the Nexus#2 contract is terminated (for whatever reason), and none of the Beneficiaries shall have any claim against the Company.

This Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Company and the Trustee shall keep one each.

End o f terms

