NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the bondholders of:
ISIN: NO 001 0694565, USD 150,000,000, 7.75 per cent World Wide Supply AS 13/17 Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue (the "Bonds")
Oslo, 17 December 2015
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
We refer to the bond agreement for the bond issue, ISIN NO 001 0694565, USD 150,000,000, 7.75 per cent World Wide Supply AS 13/17 Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue (the "Bond Agreement") between World Wide Supply AS (the "Issuer") and Nordic Trustee ASA (formerly Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) (the "Bond Trustee") on behalf of the Bondholders (as defined in the Bond Agreement). Terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.
On 11 September 2015, the Issuer published a press release (the "First Press Release") informing that the Issuer's liquidity as of 31 August 2015 was USD 5,590,000, and that the Issuer therefore was below the minimum liquidity of USD 7,500,000 set out in Clause 14.11 (c) of the Bond Agreement. Following discussions between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer, on 23 October 2015 the Bond Trustee gave the Issuer notice of an Event of Default under the Bond Agreement pursuant to Clause 14.11 (c), with remedy period expiring on 21 November 2015.
On 30 October 2015, the Issuer published a press release (the "Second Press Release") informing that the Issuer's liquidity as of 30 September 2015 was USD 5.6 million.
On 26 November 2015, the Issuer published a press release (the "Third Press Release") informing that the current financial situation of the Issuer does not allow for full coupon payment to be made on the interest payment date on 27 November 2015, and that no such payment would be effectuated.
As of the date of this summons, the coupon payment due 27 November 2015 in the amount of USD 2,938,541.67 (plus default interest) has not been paid, nor have any evidence been provided substantiating that a payment will be made, and the non payment thereby constitutes a continuing Event of Default pursuant to the Bond Agreement. Furthermore, the liquidity of the Issuer is under the minimum liquidity set out in Clause 14.11 (c) of the Bond Agreement, constituting a continuing Event of Default following expiry of the remedy period on 21 November 2015.
This summons is being issued at the request of Bondholders holding more than 1/10 of the Outstanding Bonds (the "Instructing Bondholders").

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

1. ACQUISITION OF SHARES IN WORLD WIDE SUPPLY AS In light of the above, it is the strong view of the Instructing Bondholders that the equity of the Issuer has no value and that the Bonds themselves are significantly impaired. While the Instructing Bondholders are prepared to enforce on the security, they recognize that some of the assets of the Issuer may be dissipated in the insolvency proceedings that would likely result from an enforcement. Therefore, the Instructing Bondholders are prepared to make the offer set forth below. This offer should not in any way be construed to imply that the equity of the Issuer has any value, rather it represents an expedicency and indifference point of the Instructing Bondholders. The alternative to this offer will be enforcement by the Bondholders which should be expected to result in no recovery to the equity of the Issuer.
Bondholders holding 65.7 per cent o f the principal amount outstanding of the Bonds therefore propose that WWS Recovery AS (the "SPY"), a company wholly owned by NT Refectio XIV AS, a Norwegian private limited company set up by the Bond Trustee through Stiftelsen NTM Refectio (a Norwegian foundation (Nw: Stiftelse)), for the purpose of securing recovery for the Bondholders, offers to acquire a minimum of 51% (the "Minimum Threshold") of the total number of outstanding shares issued in the Issuer (the "Shares" and the offer to purchase the Shares the "Transaction"). The acquisition price in the Transaction shall be a price per share equalling USD 1,000,000 divided by the Shares if aggregate acceptances are received for more than the Minimum Threshold, but less than 2/3 of the Shares (2/3 of the Shares being the "First Triggering Threshold"). If aggregate acceptances are received for the First Triggering Threshold but less than 90% of the Shares (90% of the Shares being the "Second Triggering Threshold"), the acquisition price shall be a price per share equalling USD 1,500,000 divided by the Shares. If aggregate acceptances are received for the Second Triggering Threshold, the acquisition price shall be USD 1,750,000 divided by the Shares.
It is a condition for the Transaction that the Minimum Threshold is fulfilled. If the Minimum Threshold is not fulfilled, or if the Transaction is cancelled or terminated for any reason, it is likely that a declaration of an Event of Default and an acceleration of the Bonds together with enforcement steps with respect to the Security Interests and the Guarantees would lead to zero recovery for the shareholders of the Issuer.
The Transaction would be facilitated by an independent securities broker appointed by the SPV. Following the Transaction, the SPV will call for an extraordinary general meeting of the Issuer and resolve to replace the current board of directors of the Issuer. Following substitution of the board, the intention is to initiate subsequent steps to safeguard the interests of the Bondholders and other stakeholders.
Contact details for the broker:
Carl Fredrik Grasland at Clarksons Platou Securities AS at +47 22 87 86 18, e-mail Carl.Fredrik.Grosland@clarksons.com.
2. ADDITIONAL FUNDING Additional funding will be required for the Transaction and in connection with maximising recovery for the Bondholders. Accordingly, the Bondholders' Meeting is requested to a approve a funding mechanism for the purpose of meeting costs and fees relating to the Transaction, as well as fees, costs, expenses and disbursement incurred in connection with the protection, preservation and/or enforcement of the Bondholders rights and pursuing
2

recoveries, as set out below (together the "Recovery Expenses") on a basis shared by all the Bondholders. Recovery Expenses may include (but shall not be limited to) the following:
(a) fees, costs and expenses relating to the Transaction;
(b) fees, costs, expenses and disbursements incurred by the Bond Trustee, including in respect of its own advisers, agents delegated and counsel, including (without limitation) legal counsel of the Bond Trustee and financial advisor of the Bond Trustee;
(c) fees, costs, expenses and disbursement arising in respect of any marketing, sales or legal proceeding in respect of the Vessels;
(d) fees, costs, expenses and disbursement arising out of the operation, management, maintenance and crewing of the Vessels (including but not limited to lay-up costs); and
(e) all other payments, costs, fees and expenses that, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, are necessary for the purpose of achieving recovery for the Bondholders.
The Bondholders are hereby requested to approve the followingfunding structure in respect of the Recovery Expenses (the "Funding Structure"):
WWS Recovery AS Liquidity Bond Issue
A funding structure is proposed whereby all Bondholders are offered to purchase new bonds issued by the SPV, as described below and as further set out in the term sheet attached as Schedule 1:
(a) the issuance by the SPV of an issue of bonds (the "Liquidity Bonds" / the "Liquidity Bond Agreement"). To secure expediency in settlement of the Transaction, the Liquidity Bonds are subscribed for and issued to certain Bondholders, who in turn have provided unconditional and irrevocable undertakings to the Bond Trustee to offer Liquidity Bonds to exisiting Bondholders on a pro rata basis (based on each Bondholder's holdings of the Bonds at that time);
(b) the aggregate principal amount of the first tranche of Liquidity Bonds shall be USD 5,000,000, with the option to issue up to USD 20,000,000 through one or more tap issues;
(c) the Liquidity Bond Agreement will not contain any other covenants than simplified information covenants;
(d) the Liquidity Bonds shall bear interest at 18% p.a., and interst payments shall at the SPV's discretion be payable on a semi-annual basis as payment-in-kind (and not cash) in the form of additional Liquidity Bonds;
(e) final maturity date of the Liquidity Bonds shall be 5 years from the issue date. Upon final maturity, provisions will be included in the Liquidity Bond Agreement to ensure that the SPV pays, on a pay as you can basis, any outstanding amounts (including
3

principaland accrued and unpaid interest). Any outstanding amounts that the SPV is unable to pay on final maturity date shall be cancelled in full, and the Liquidity Bondholders shall have no further claims against the SPV;

(f) the Liquidity Bonds shall be subject to a de facto super priority ranking over the Bonds (the "Liquidity Super Priority"), through mechanisms whereby (i) the part of the proceeds from the Liquidity Bonds that shall be used for liquidity purposes by the issuer are transferred from the SPV to the issuer pursuant to a shareholder loan, repayment of which will rank ahead of the Bonds; (ii) the Bondholders undertake and instruct the Bond Trustee to use any proceeds recovered from the Bonds to purchase Liquidity Bonds, on a pro rata basis from the Liquidity Bondholders at face value, plus any accrued interest; or (iii) through other means deemed appropriate by the Bond Trustee, in any case so that all Liqudity Bonds shall either be redeemed in full or purchased by the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders prior to any payments being made to the Bondholders under the Bond Agreement. The Liquidity Super Priority will be formalized through an agreement entered into between the Bond Trustee and the trustee of the Liquidity Bonds.

Any Bondholders that wishes to purchase Liquidity Bonds should contact the manager of the Liquidity Bonds by no later than the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. Settlement of such Liquidity Bonds will occur within five (5) business days after the Bondholders' Meeting.

Contact details for the manager:

Carl Fredrik Grosland at Clarksons Platou Securities AS at +47 22 87 86 18, e-mail Carl.Fredrik.Grosland@clarksons.com.

3.

DECLARATION OF EVENT OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY

INTERESTS

If the Minimum Threshold is not fulfilled, or if the Transaction is cancelled or terminated for

any other reason, the Trustee has on 17 December 2015 received a binding instruction letter and voting undertaking from certain Bondholders holding 65.7 per cent of the principal amount outstanding of the Bonds (the "Instructing Bondholders"), instructing that the

Bond Trustee shall, if deemed necessary to secure recoveries for the Bondholders:

(a) declare the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for immediate payment in accordance with Clause 16.3 of the Bond Agreement;

(b) take action under the first priority share pledges issued by the Issuer over the shares in World Wide Supply Holding AS and World Wide Supply Holding II AS (collectively the "Holding Companies") to remove the existing directors and deputy directors of the Holding Companies and appoint one or more independent director(s) to the board of directors of the Holding Companies and to amend the articles of association of the Holding Companies accordingly; and

(c) at the Bond Trustee's discretion (in consultation with its advisers) take other enforcement actions, including but not limited to enforcement of other Security Interests,

4

collectively, the "Initial Enforcement Steps".

Following the Initial Enforcement Steps, subsequent steps will or may be taken to safeguard the interests of the Bondholders and other stakeholders, including but not limited to (i) enforcement of the Security Interests in a manner deemed necessary or desirable by the Bond Trustee (in consultation with its advisers); (ii) utilisation of recovered funds to secure on going operations of the Group; (iii) negotiation and entry into agreements (or facilitiation for the entry into agreements by third parties) in respect of the Vessels or otherwise; (iv) and legal proceedings in respect of the Vessels (collectively the "Subsequent Enforcement Steps").

4.

BOND TRUSTEE INDEMNITY

As is contemplated by the Bond Agreement, and in light of the occurrence of the Event of Default described above and the steps contemplated under item 3 above, the Bond Trustee will require an indemnity by certain Bondholders, covering, inter alia, the Initial Enforcement Steps and Subsequent Enforcement Steps, before enforcement steps will be undertaken by the Bond Trustee.

5. DISTRIBUTIONS
The Bondholders are asked to approve that all future distributions, whether in respect of accrued but unpaid interest, default interest, call premium, principal or otherwise, will be paid to persons or entities who are Bondholders on the date that the distributions are made without giving any consideration to who were the holders of record of the Bonds at the time of past record dates or interest payment dates or to the non-payment of any interest payments with respect to the Bonds (the "Distribution Mechanic").

For the avoidance of doubt, this means that any persons or entities that were Bondholders prior to the date of any distribution, but are not Bondholders as at the date of the relevant distribution, will not be entitled to receive any distributions, including any amounts in respect of unpaid interest.

The Bondholders are asked to give the Bond Trustee the authority to facilitate for the Distribtuion Mechanic by giving instructions to the Securities Depository.

6.

REDUCED NOTICE PERIOD FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS

The Bondholders are asked to adopt the necessary resolutions for the Bond Agreement to have a notice period for a Bondholders' Meeting of a minimum five Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting for which summons have been dispatched. This will facilitate for a faster decision making process going forward.

7.

PROPOSALS

Based on the above, the Bondholders are requested to approve the following proposals (the

"Proposals"):

(a) approve the proposed Transaction as described under item 1 above;

(b) approve the Funding Structure as described under item 2 above;

(c) approve the Liquidity Super Priority as described under item 2 (f) above;

5

(d) if the Transaction is cancelled or terminatedfor any reason, instruct and authorise the Bond Trustee (in consultation with its advisers), and subject to item 4 above, to do all things and take such steps on behalf o f the Bondholders as may be necessary or desirable in connection with the implementation o f the Initial Enforcement Steps and the Subsequent Enforcement Steps as descbribed under item 3 above;

(e) approve the Distribution Mechanic as described under item 5 above; and

(f) approve that the notice periodfor Bondholders 'Meetings under the Bond Agreement shall be minimum five Business Days prior to the date o f the Bondholders ' Meeting asfurther described under item 6 above.

8.

EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSALS

The Proposals are put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendation from the Bond Trustee, and the Bond Trustee emphasises that each Bondholder should cast its vote in the Bondholders' Meeting based on its own evaluation of the Proposals. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposals are acceptable and vote accordingly. The Bond Trustee urges each Bondholders to seek advice in order to evaluate the Proposals.

9.

SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

The Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting, the details of which are set out below:

Time: 6 January 2016 at 13:00 Oslo time

Place: The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VIIs gt. 1,0116 Oslo - 6th floor

Agenda:
(1) Approve the summons
(2) Approval of the agenda
(3) Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes with the chairman
(4) Consent to the Proposals
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve to the following:
The Bondholders Meeting approves Proposals (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) as described under item 7 o f the summons to the Bondholders 'Meeting.
The Bondholders further authorise the Bond Trustee to enter into such agreements and douments, consent to such waivers and amendments, take any actiosn and do all such things on behalfo f the Bondholders as may be necessary or desirable to support or give effect to the

6

Proposals, and/or the exercise o f the Bond Trustee's discretion, including, without limitation, amending and/or waiving the terms o f the Bond Agreement.
***
To approve the resolutions under items (c), (e) and (f) of the Proposals, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of these items. To approve the resolutions under items (a), (b) and (d) of the Proposals, Bondholdes representing at least 1/2 of the Voting Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of these items. In order to form a quorum, at least 1/2 of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the Bondholders' Meeting. If any of the Proposals are not adopted by the requisite majority of the Bondholders, those Proposals will be dismissed.
Please find attached a Bondholders' Form from the Securities Depository (VPS) as Schedule 1 hereto, indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholders' Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in VPS - the custodian must confirm: (i) the owner of the bonds; (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds; and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered).
The individual bondholders may authorise Nordic Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholders' Form also serve as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholders' form, authorizing Nordic Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Nordic Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to mail@nordictrustee.com, +47 22 87 94 10, or Nordic Trustee ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholders' Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence that the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by e-mail within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) on the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely
Nordic Trustee ASA
Enclosed:
Schedule 1 - Term Sheet
Schedule 2 - Bondholders' Form
7

LIQUIDITY BOND TERM SHEET

18 per cent WWS Recovery AS Callable Liquidity Bond Issue 2015/2020 (the "Liquidity Bonds" / the "Liquidity Bond Issue" / and the holders thereof the "Liquidity
Bondholders" )

Settlement date: On or about 21 December 2015

This Term Sheet is intending to be non-binding. None of the parties to this Term Sheet will be legally bound or obligated to proceed on any matter contemplated herein unless and until suitable definitive agreements are executed and delivered by their respective authorised representatives.

This Term Sheet is not exhaustive, is solely indicative of the key terms of the proposal set out herein and additional terms and conditions may be included in the definitive legal documentation prepared in connection with the matters contemplated by this Term Sheet.

This Term Sheet is not an offer to issue or sell, or a solicitation or an offer to acquire or purchase, securities in Norway or any other jurisdiction. Such offer or solicitation will only be made in compliance with all applicable securities laws.

Issuer:

WWS Recovery AS

Bond Trustee:

Nordic Trustee ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo

Currency:

USD

Aggregate principal issue amount:

First tranche of USD 5,000,000, with the option to increase the amount of the issue up to a maximum of USD 20,000,000.

Purpose of the Bond Issue:

The net proceeds from the Liquidity Bonds (net of legal costs, taxes, fees to the Manager and the Liquidity Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be employed for the purpose of: (i) securing recovery for the holders of the 7.75 per cent World Wide Supply AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2017 ISIN NO 001069456.5 (the "Existing Bonds" and the holders of the Existing Bonds being the "Existing Bondholders", and the related bond loan agreement and finance documents being the "Existing Bond Agreement" and the "Existing Finance Documents"); and (ii) the acquisition of shares in World Wide Supply AS by the Issuer (including but not limited to settlement of the acquisition price).

Coupon Rate:

18% p.a. interest calculated on 30/360 basis, payable (at the Issuer's discretion) on a cash or PIK basis (in the form of additional Liquidity Bonds) at the end of every 6 month period after the Settlement Date (including on the Final Maturity Date).

Settlement Date:

On or about 21 December 2015

1

Final Maturity Date: Repayment:
Call Option:
Price: Nominal value: Status of the Bonds:

5 years after Settlement Date.
The Liquidity Bonds shall be repaid on the Final Maturity Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
The Liquidity Bonds may be repaid (in whole or in part) prior to the Final Maturity Date at 100% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
100 % of par value.
The Liquidity Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 1, with a minimum subscription amount of USD 200,000.
Subject to approval by Existing Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds (as defined in the Existing Bond Agreement) at a bondholders' meeting of the Existing Bonds to be held on 6 January 2016 (the "Bondholders' Meeting"), the Liquidity Bonds shall be subject to a de facto super priority ranking over the Existing Bonds (the "Liquidity Super Priority"), through mechanisms whereby (i) the part of the proceeds that shall be used for liquidity purposes by the issuer of the Existing Bonds are transferred from the Issuer to the issuer of the Existing Bonds pursuant to a shareholder loan, repayment of which will rank ahead of the Existing Bonds; (ii) the Bondholders undertake and instruct the Bond Trustee to use any proceeds recovered from the Existing Bonds to purchase Liquidity Bonds, on a pro rata basis from the Liquidity Bondholders at face value plus any accrued interest; or (iii) through other mechanisms deemed appropriate by the bond trustee of the Existing Bonds, in any case so that all Liquidity Bonds shall either be redeemed in full (at face value plus accrued interest) or purchased by the bond trustee of the Existing Bonds on behalf of the Existing Bondholders (at face value plus accrued interest) prior to any payments being made to the Existing Bondholders under the Existing Bond Agreement. The Liquidity Super Priority will be formalized through an agreement entered into between the Bond Trustee and the bond trustee of the Existing Bonds.
Bondholders' recourse against the Issuer shall be limited to the net value of any cash balances on any of the Issuer's bank accounts. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be personally liable for any failure to repay an amount under this agreement due to an insufficiency of available amounts, provided that this shall not relieve the Issuer from any liability with respect to fraud, gross negligence, wilful misconduct, bad faith acts or breach of contract on the part of the Issuer in connection with this

2

Bond Agreement.

Disbursement:

The net proceeds from the Liquidity Bonds shall be disbursed to the Issuer on the Settlement Date.

Mandatory Prepayment

Upon the occurrence of a declaration of an Event of Default under the Liquidity Bonds, the Liquidity Bonds will be subject to mandatory prepayment at 100% of par (plus accrued interest).

Representations and warranties:

i) Status 11) Power and authority Hi) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations iv) Non-conflict with other obligations v) No Event of Default Vi) Authorizations and consents

vii) Litigation

viii) No misleading information

ix) No withholdings

Information, Financial and General Covenants:

x) Pari passu ranking No Financial Covenants. Limited information and general covenants.

Event of Defaults

The occurrence of non-payment, insolvency or debt settlement proceedings or breach of any of the covenants given by the Issuer in the Liquidity Bond Agreement.

Liquidity Bond Agreement:

The bond agreement constituting the Liquidity Bonds (the "Liquidity Bond Agreement") will be entered into by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting as the Liquidity Bondholders' representative), and it shall be based on a simplified version of the Norwegian high yield standard.

The Liquidity Bond Agreement shall regulate the Liquidity Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Liquidity Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Liquidity Bond Agreement, the Liquidity Bond Agreement shall prevail.

Governing Law: Manager

Norwegian law. Clarksons Platou Securities AS

3

Taxation: Registration: Paying Agent: Stock Exchange listing: Market Making: Participation:
Terms of Subscription:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with issuance of the Liquidity Bonds ancillary documents, but not in respect of trading of the Liquidity Bonds in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and the Issuer shall deduct before payment to the Liquidity Bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.
The Liquidity Bonds will be registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (No.: Verdipapirsentralen)
DNB Bank ASA
An application will not be made for the Liquidity Bonds to be listed.
No market-maker agreement has been made for this Issue.
The Liquidity Bonds are fully subscribed by and will be issued to certain Existing Bondholders (the "Funding Bondholders"). The Funding Bondholders have given irrevocable undertakings to offer Liquidity Bonds to other Existing Bondholders following the Bondholders' Meeting. Each Existing Bondholder shall be entitled to purchase Liquidity Bonds on a pro rata basis, based on the proportion that their holdings of principal amount of the Existing Bonds bear to the aggregate principal amount outstanding of all the Exisiting Bonds (in each case, its "Pro Rata Proportion").
Each Existing Bondholder shall be entitled to apply to purchase Liquidity Bonds in the minimum amount of USD 200,000, and in the maximum amount of its Pro Rata Proportion. The purchase price for the Liquidity Bonds shall be par + accrued interest. Notwithstanding the above and regardless of its Pro Rata Proportion, each Existing Bondholder is entitled to purchase Liquidity Bonds in the amount of USD 200,000.
Any Existing Bondholder that wishes to purchase Liquidity Bonds should contact the manager of the Liquidity Bonds by not later than the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. Payment for such Liquidity Bonds will be due within five (5) business days after the Bondholders' Meeting.
Each subscriber of the Liquidity Bonds specifically authorizes the Bond Trustee to execute and deliver the Liquidity Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders, who will execute and deliver application forms for subscription prior to receiving Liquidity Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee will execute and deliver the Liquidity Bond Agreement. The Liquidity Bond Agreement specifies that by virtue of being registered as an Liquidity Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Central Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Liquidity Bond Agreement and finance document entered into in

4

Subscription Restrictions: Transfer Restrictions:

connection with the Liquidity Bond Agreement, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
The Liquidity Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Liquidity Bonds, be obtained on request by the Bond Trustee or the Issuer.

The Liquidity Bonds will only be offered or sold within the United States to Qualified Institutional Buyers as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act.

The Liquidity Bonds have not and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act, or any state securities law except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and appropriate exemptions under the laws of any other jurisdiction. The Liquidity Bonds may not be offered or sold within the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person (as such terms are defined in regulations), except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. See further details in the Application Form. Failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities legislation.

The Liquidity Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged, subject to the following:

(i)

Liquidity Bondholders may be subject to purchase or

transfer restrictions with regard to the Liquidity Bonds, as

applicable from time to time under local laws to which an

Liquidity Bondholder may be subject (due, for example, to

its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its

place(s) for doing business) and each Liquidity Bondholder

must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations

applicable at own cost and expense; and

(i)

notwithstanding the above, an Liquidity Bondholder which

has purchased the Liquidity Bonds in contravention of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilise

its voting rights under the Liquidity Bond Agreement.

5

