Execution version
ISINNO 001 033356.0
Amendment Agreement to
the Loan Agreement between
Thule Drilling ASA (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the Bond issue
12 per cent Thule Drilling ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2009
AA lpr.DOC

norsk tillitsmann
This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated 4 August 2008 and made between Thule Drilling ASA (Norwegian Company 987 859 377, the "Issuer") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624, the "Loan Trustee ).
1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement
The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the loan agreement (the "Loan Agreement" or the "First Bond Issue") " 12 per cent Thule Drilling ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2009" with ISIN 001 033356.0, based on a resolution adopted at a Bondholders meeting held on 27 June 2008.
2. Amendments to the Loan Agreement
2.1 Unless a contrary indication appears, a term defined in the Loan Agreement has the same meaning in this Amendment Agreement.
2.2 The Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) New definitions in Clause 1 shall be inserted as follows:
Account Pledges: a first priority pledge over monies standing to the credit of the Escrow Accounts nos 9750.04.42534 (as General Escrow Account) and 9750.04.43239 (as Loan Security Account) and such other accounts as from time to time designated by the Loan Trustee.
Coupon Rate: (i) if there is no unpaid interest or principal amount which is due, the coupon rate shall be equal to a fixed rate of 12 per cent per annum, and (ii) if there is due unpaid interest or principal amount, the coupon rate shall be equal to a fixed rate of 17 per cent per annum. The Coupon Rate shall be adjusted upwards as described in the preceding sentence from (and including) the relevant Payment Date when the Borrower failed to make a timely payment of interest or principal to (but not including) the date when all due unpaid amounts under this Loan Agreement are paid to the Bondholders.
Escrow Accounts: the Escrow Account, the General Escrow Account and the Loan Security Escrow Account held with Skandinaviska Enskilda Bank AB (publ).
Floating Charges: the first priority floating charges in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Tmstee over all the assets of (i) each of the Rig Owning Companies, subject to the laws of Cyprus, and (ii) any other relevant subsidiary designated by the Loan Tmstee in accordance with Clause 8.2 (bb).
General Escrow Account: an un-blocked USD account established in the name of the Borrower subject to a first priority pledge in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in which the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights and otherwise in the form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Tmstee.
2

norsk tillitsmann as;
Intra-Group Loans: means any indebtedness of any Rig Owning Companies to the Borrower.
Loan Security Escrow Account: a blocked USD account established in the name of the Borrower subject to a first priority pledge in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in which the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights and otherwise in the form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee.
Loan Agreements: this Loan Agreement and the Second Bond Issue.
Phoenix Bond Issue: the loan agreement known as the " 11 per cent Thule Drilling ASA Senior Secured Note Issue 2007/2008" with ISIN NO 001 035307.1 (as from time to time amended), currently outstanding USD 9 million.
Pledge over Intra-Group Loans: first priority pledge over current and future Intra-Group Loans to the extent legally and practically possible as determined by the Loan Trustee in its reasonable discretion.
Second Bond Issue: the loan agreement know as the " 13.75 % Thule Drilling ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2008" with ISIN NO 001 036024.1 (as from time to time amended), currently outstanding USD 40 million.
Second Share Pledge: the second priority share pledge over Keetab Limited, securing the First Bond Issue, in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, ranking after the first priority Share Pledge over the Keetab Limited securing the Phoenix Bond Issue.
Share Pledges: the first priority share pledges over the Rig Owning Companies in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee.
Underwriting Agreement: the underwriting agreement delivered pursuant to Clause 5 A. of this Amendment Agreement.
(ii) The following definitions in Clause 1 shall be amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows:
Drilling Rigs: the drilling units (i) "Thule Energy" (ii) "Thule Power and (iii) "Thule Force", each individually a "Drilling Rig".
Guarantors: the Rig Owning Companies to the extent they have signed the Guarantees, and underwriters Underwriting Agreement and Guarantee representing more than USD 8,000,000 in commitment.

norsk tillitsmann as:
Maturity Date: the date which falls on the earlier of (i) the date when the sale proceeds of Thule Power are received by the Borrower or the Rig Owning Company of "Thule Power" ("Chekovo Limited"), and (ii) 15 November 2008.
Rig Owning Companies: Chekovo Limited (incorporated in Cyprus and owner of Thule Power), Favignat Holdings Limited (incorporated in Cyprus and owner of Thule Force), Voldar Investments Limited (incorporated in Cyprus and owner of Thule Energy).
Security: the security securing the obligations of the Borrower under this Loan Agreement or the obligations of the Guarantors under the Guarantees or the obligations of other security providers under a Security Document, as set out in Clause 8.
Security Document: all and any documents issued in respect of the Security and such other document designated as a "Security Document" as agreed between the Borrower and other security providers and the Loan Trustee.
(in) Clause 8.1 shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read asfollow:
The Loan shall be secured as set out herein and shall otherwise rank at least pari passu with all other senior debt of the Borrower, and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
(iv) Clause 8.2 shall be amended by inserting thefollowing sub-clauses:
(h) the Share Pledges;
(i) the Floating Charges;
(j) the Pledge over Intra-Group Loans;
(k) the Account Pledges;
(l) the Second Share Pledge
The Borrower shall furthermore provide:
(aa) a first priority security interest in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee over any accounts owned by the Borrower or a Rig Owning Company (except of any tax retention account); and
(bb) a first priority pledge over any other shares owned by the Borrower and/or its subsidiaries which in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee has a
4

norsk tillitsmann as
material value, to the extent legally and practically possible, as determined by the Loan Trustee in its sole opinion; and
(cc) a first priority pledge on all such other assets of the Borrower and/or its subsidiaries which in the reasonable opinion o f the Loan Tmstee has a material value, to the extent legally and practically possible, as determined by the Loan Trustee in its sole opinion.
The Security shall not be released until the Loan Trustee has received evidence satisfactory to it that the Loan and any amount outstanding under the Loan Agreement is repaid in full, in which event the Loan Trustee shall release the relevant Security. If any assets are sold at fair market value (in the opinion of the Loan Trustee) and to a non-related party, the Loan Trustee may, even if the amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreements are not repaid in full, agree to release the relevant Security in order to facilitate the sale provided the proceeds have been received and either applied to the servicing of the Loan or transferred to the Loan Security Escrow Account, provided any mandatory redemptions are made pursuant to the Loan Agreement.
(v) Clause 8.4 shall be deleted.
(vi) Clause 8.5 shall be deleted.
(vii) Clause 9 shall be amended by deleting the existing Clauses 9.1 in its entirety and inserting the following:
The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including the Disbursement Date at the Coupon Rate. Interest payments shall be made semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date each year, the first Payment Date shall be 28 March 2007. For the avoidance of doubt, the interest rate is compounding on each Interest Payment Date notwithstanding any forbearance in the payment of interest provided herein.
(viii) Clause 10 shall be amended by deleting the existing Clauses 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4 in their entirety and inserting thefollowing:
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at 105 % par value plus accrued interest.
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan (a "Call Option") at any time {American Option) at 105 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.
10.3 If, at any time from and including the Disbursement Date until the Maturity Date, whether in a single transaction or a series of transactions, and whether voluntarily or involuntarily:
5

norsk tillitsmann as;
(a) one of the Drilling Rigs or one of the Construction Contracts is sold or disposed of or terminated (in respect of the Construction Contract), or if more than 50 % of the shares in one of the Rig Owning Companies is sold, the Borrower shall redeem:
(i) USD 35 million (in the case of "Thule Force" or shares or contracts relating to "Thule Force") (the "Mandatory Redemption Amount");
(ii) 50 % (in the case of "Thule Power" or shares or contracts relating to "Thule Power") of the Remaining Loan (the "Mandatory Redemption Amount"); or
(iii) 75% (in the case of "Thule Energy" or shares or contracts relating to "Thule Energy") of the Remaining Loan (the "Mandatory Redemption Amount"),
pursuant to Clauses 10.4 and 10.5, and
(b) two or more of the Drilling Rigs are sold or disposed of or terminated (in respect of the Construction Contracts), or if more than 50 % of the shares in two or more of the Rig Owning Companies holding title to the such Drilling Rigs are sold the Borrower shall redeem fractions of the Remaining Loan pursuant to sub-clause (a) above (the "Mandatory Redemption Amount") pursuant to Clause 10.4. For the avoidance of doubt, if the sale, disposal or termination (in respect of the Construction Contract) as described in this Clause 10.3, of two or more Drilling Rigs would result in the redemption of an amount in excess of 100% of the Remaining Loan, the Borrower shall redeem 100% of the Remaining Loan.
For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that a sale of more than 50% of any of the Rig Owning Companies shall be deemed to have occurred if such sale is made or intended to be made in one or a series of transactions which in aggregate represent more than 50% of the shares of any of the Rig Owning Companies (either measured by capital or voting shares). In the event of a sale whereunder the proceeds are received successively, the proceeds shall be applied first to satisfy the mandatory redemption provision in this Clause 10.3.
10.4 Upon the occurrence of an event described in Clause 10.3 from and including the Disbursement Date until the Maturity date, the Borrower shall redeem the Mandatory Redemption Amount at a price equal to 105 % of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
cs

norsk tillitsmann as;
(ix) Clause 10.5 shall be amended by replacing the words "30-thirty - Banking Days'' with "15-fifteen-Banking Days
(x) Clause 11.1 shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follow:
In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from (and including) the relevant Payment Date at a fixed interest rate of 17% per annum in accordance with Clause 9 and the definition "Coupon Rate".
(xi) Clause 13.1 (g) shall be amended by deleting the wording.
(xii) Clause 13 shall be amended by inserting new Clauses 13.2 (q) - (u) as follows
(q) notwithstanding Clause 13.2 (f), ensure that any cash and proceeds from (A) any sale of any assets of the Borrower and the Rig Owning Companies, after deducting any funds used in connection with mandatory redemption pursuant to the provisions of the Loan Agreements; (B) the sale of "Thule Phoenix" or its owning company, after deducting any funds used in connection with the mandatory redemption and profit split pursuant to the Phoenix Bond Issue; and (C) any funds otherwise made available to the Borrower, including through the issuance of securities o f the Borrower or any subsidiaries of the Borrower, and/or the Rig Owning Companies, including through the issuance of securities of the Rig Owning Companies or any subsidiaries of the Rig Owning Companies, shall be immediately transferred to the General Escrow Account. Equity raised which will reduce the guarantee provided pursuant to Clause 5 A of this Amendment Agreement shall be deposited into the Loan Security Escrow Account.
Notwithstanding the aforesaid, any proceeds from the sale of equipment pledged pursuant to the Loan Agreements shall be transferred to the Loan Security Escrow Account. It is understood that sale of pledged equipment shall be limited to such equipment set out as a possible funding resource pursuant to the liquidity budget displayed to the Loan Trustee in connection with this Bondholders' meeting,
(r) not and ensure that no Rig Owning Companies shall invest in any new projects, except as provided for pursuant to Clause 13.3,
(s) convert any Intra Group Loans to equity and cause such equity to be subject to the Share Pledges,
(t) assign to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) all intra-group loans made available from the Borrower to the Rig Owning Company,
7

norsk tillitsmann as:
(u) give any Borrower update(s) to the Bondholders by way of conference calls every two weeks,
(v) not and ensure that no subsidiary of the Borrower, shall enter into any transactions with any of their related parties (No.: "nærstående") as such term is defined in the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act of 1997 section 1-5, unless consented to by the Loan Trustee.
(w) offer the Bondholders, upon request by the Bondholders, an observer post at the Board Meetings of the Borrower and any other relevant body of importance, and in such event ascertaining that all issues of importance are discussed at such meetings. The observer will have a right to express its opinion in such meetings. The Borrower may require that the observer signs a confidentiality agreement. In no event shall there be more than one observer at any time.
(x) upon instruction from the Loan Trustee as loan trustee for the First Bond Issue and Second Bond Issue, after consent from the Noteholders under the Phoenix Bond Issue, by simple majority, ensure the granting of second priority security in the assets of Keetab Limited as security for the First Bond Issue in addition to the Second Share Pledge.
(xiii) Clause 13 shall be amendedfurther by inserting a new Clause 13.3 as follows:
During the term of the Loan Agreements, the Borrower shall (unless agreed otherwise by the Loan Trustee or at the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be)) only be permitted to withdraw funds standing to the credit of the General Escrow Account as follows:
(a) corporate overhead costs pursuant to a monthly cash flow budget provided to and approved by the Loan Trustee, limited to USD 650,000 per month;
(b) instalments relating to previously ordered and partly prepaid equipment relating to the Rigs up to USD 11.5 million in the aggregate;
(c) costs relating to the completion and commissioning of Thule Power limited to USD 10 million in the aggregate (to the extent that any expenditure under sub-section (b) above pertains to Thule Power, the limit under this sub section (c) shall be reduced accordingly and vice versa);
(d) costs relating to the maintenance of Thule Force, Thule Energy and Thule Phoenix, including equipment related to Thule Force, Thule Energy and Thule Phoenix, in the Loan Tmstee's reasonable opinion, required to
8

norsk tillitsmann as:
safeguard the current value of Thule Force and Thule Energy, limited to USD 700,000 in the aggregate;
(e) reasonable fees and expenses accrued in connection with the settlement of the QGM dispute, as approved by the Loan Trustee and in any case limited to USD 2 million in the aggregate;
(f) fees, costs and expenses of the Loan Trustee;
(g) payment of interest due under the First Bond Issue;
(h) payment of interest due under the Second Bond Issue;
(i) payment of interest due under the Phoenix Bond issue;
(j) payment of principal due pursuant to First Bond Issue;
(k) Payment of principal due pursuant to the Second Issue;
(l) Payment of principal due pursuant to the Phoenix Bond Issue; and
(m) costs relating to the completion of the relevant Rig, provided such costs are covered by proceeds received in relation to the applicable sale and purchase agreement, and limited to USD 55 million plus finance costs for Thule Energy; and USD 65 million plus finance costs for Thule Force, and provided the relevant sale and purchase agreement is satisfactory to the Loan Trustee.
(xiv) Clause 13 shall be amendedfurther by inserting a new Clause 13.4 asfollows:
(i) Provided no Event of Default has been declared pursuant to any of the Loan Agreements, with respect to amounts due and payable, the Borrower shall apply payments towards the obligations set out in Clauses 13.3 (a) - (f) above as payments are required and within the limits specified, at all times taking due account to safeguard the security interests of the Bondholders. Payments pursuant to Clauses 13.3 (g) through (1) shall only be made in that order.
(ii) Provided no Event of Default has been declared pursuant to any of the Loan Agreements, proceeds paid into the Loan Security Escrow Account shall only be used to cover costs related to Clause 13.3 (b) - (f) above. Any surplus amount shall only be applied towards servicing of the Loan Agreements (by way of payments of interest and principal), which will be additional to any payments pursuant to Clause 13.3 (g) and (1) above.
(iii) For the avoidance of doubt, no funds shall be applied to the payment of any expenditure related to the development of the QGM Yard, which shall be
9

norsk tillitsmann as;
financed by equity only. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall not directly or indirectly provide any financial support to the QGM Yard.
(iv) In the event the Company wishes to apply any amount in excess of the thresholds set out in Clause 13.3 (a) - (f) above towards the same purpose, then the Loan Trustee may, if it (in its sole discretion) deems such additional expenditure to be beneficial to the Loan Security as defined in the Loan Agreements, approve the application of such further amounts as designated by the Loan Trustee. If the Loan Trustee makes use of this discretion it shall immediately inform the Bondholders thereof (in reasonable detail).
(v) Any use of funds as set out above shall be reported to the Loan Trustee on a weekly basis, in a form acceptable to the Loan Trustee, to verify the application of funds.
(vi) Provided an Event of Default has been declared, the funds standing to the credit of the General Escrow Account and the Loan Security Escrow Account shall be applied in accordance with the Loan Security priority as set out in each of the Loan Agreements and no amounts may be withdrawn from the Escrow Accounts pursuant to Clause 13.3 and this Clause 13.4.
(xv) Clause 15.1 (a) shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read asfollows:
the Borrower or the Guarantors (if any) shall (1) on any Payment Date, fail to pay any principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Documents, and/or (2) on the Maturity Date, fails to pay any interest due amount payable under the Finance Documents; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrower fails to make timely interest payments on any interest payment date other than the Maturity Date, such failure shall not be deemed to be an Event of Default, but shall only trigger an increase of the Coupon Rate as set out in Clause 1.
(xvi) Clause 15.3 shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read asfollows:
If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including the applicable premium, accmed interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
10

norsk tillitsmann asi
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case, the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the interest payment due pursuant to Clause 9.1 and to recover the Remaining Loan, the applicable premium and accrued interest and any other amounts payable under this Loan Agreement.
Fees and expenses payable to the Loan Trustee hereunder may be recovered by the Loan Trustee making an equivalent reduction for its account from the payments to the Bondholders.
The Borrower shall, within three Business Days of demand, pay to each bondholder the amount of all external legal fees incurred by that bondholder in connection with the enforcement of, or the preservation of any rights hereunder or any Security Document, including the guarantee relating to the Underwriting Agreement. Any incurrence of legal fees by such bondholder will have to be approved by the Loan Trustee, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.
3. Confirmation of the Loan Agreement
All other provisions of the Loan Agreement shall remain unchanged by this Amendment Agreement and shall remain in full force and effect. The Loan Agreement and this Amendment Agreement constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the above mentioned Loan.
4. Designation
Each of the Issuer and the Loan Trustee designate this Amendment Agreement as a Finance Document.
5. Commencement
This Amendment Agreement shall come into force once (i) approved by the requisite percentage of Bondholders at the Bondholders' meeting held on 27 June 2008 and (ii) duly executed by the Issuer and the Loan Trustee. Always provided that the Loan Trustee, prior to 30 July 2008, or such other date as determined by the Loan Trustee, has received the following documents in form and content satisfactory to it:
A. evidence that the underwriting agreement attached as exhibit 1 has been entered into within 15 June 2008 and approved by the general meeting of the Issuer within 27 June 2008 and:
(i) the guarantee as set out in exhibit 1 has been delivered in form and content satisfactory to the Loan Trustee and is in full force and effect,
11

norsk tillitsmann
(ii) evidence satisfactory to the Loan Trustee that the underwriting agreement and guarantee have been made effective according to their terms, and
B. Evidence that the final maturity date of the Phoenix Bond Issue is postponed to coincide with the Maturity Date.
C. Evidence that the Second Bond Issue has been amended in a manner satisfactory to the Loan Trustee.
D. The following documents in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee:
(i) This Amendment Agreement duly signed,
(ii) Certified copies of all corporate resolutions necessary to execute the Finance Documents,
(iii) Powers of attorney from the Borrower and the Rig Owning Companies appointing relevant individuals to validly execute the relevant Finance Documents,
(iv) Certified copies of the constitutional documents of the Borrower and the Rig Owning Companies and the company certificate or similar document,
(v) The Security Documents to be provided pursuant to Clause 2.2 (iv) duly signed and perfected, and
(vi) Legal opinions from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Loan Trustee may require.
If the documents in the above documents are not delivered to the Loan Trustee in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 5, then this shall be an Event of Default under the Loan Agreement.
6. Dispute resolution and legal venue
Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.

Thule Drilling ASA

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

norsk tillitsmann as;
Issuer This Amendment Agreement has been executed in 2 (two) copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Loan Trustee keep one each.
13

