N O RSK TILLITSM A N N ASA
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 0010331580 - FRN MPF Corp. Ltd. Secured Bond Issue 2006/2011 with Call Option
Oslo, 28 August 2008
Request for extension of waiver
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") is appointed as Loan Trustee for the above mentioned Bond issue (the "Loan") where MPF Corp. Ltd. is the borrower (the "Borrower"). The terms and conditions of the Loan are set out in a loan agreement dated 15 September 2006 (the "Loan Agreement") between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders (as defined in the Loan Agreement)). All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Loan Agreement, or in this summons unless otherwise stated.
Reference is made to the summons to the previous Bondholders' meeting held on 28 July 2008 where, amongst other things, the following was decided; 1) a temporary waiver o f the Equity Covenant in the Loan Agreement until 1 September
2008, 2) a consent to a change o f Yard, on the condition that a new contract was signed with
Keppel Shipyard Limited ("Keppel" and the "Keppel Contract") within 1 September 2008, and a second priority assignment of the Keppel Contract to be established in this respect, and 3) a postponement o f an interest payment due 20 June 2008 until 1 September 2008.
Information from the Borrower The Borrower has worked intensively with its financial advisor over the past month in order to find a solution to the current challenging situation. The restructuring process is progressing, and the Borrower is in discussions with parties interested in the project. However the financial situation has currently not yet been solved, so on this basis the Borrower propose that the Bondholders extend the waiver period.

phone

M A I L I N G A D D R E S S · P . O . B O X I47O V I K A , N - O I l 6 O S L O

LOCATION # HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 or g. nr

no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail « mail@trustee.no

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
Proposal Decisions made on previous Bondholders' meetings are still valid, however, the Borrower will, due to its liquidity situation, not be able to pay: (i) the interest amounts previously postponed from 20 June 2008 and currently due on 1 September 2008; and (ii) the further interest amounts due for payment on 20 September 2008. Furthermore, the Company has not been in a position to remedy its breach o f the Equity Covenant. The Company continues to work with Keppel to finalise the Keppel Contract. On this basis the Borrower proposes that the Bondholders extend the period for the waiver of the Equity Covenant, postpone the deadline for the new yard contract and postpone the interest payment due 20 June 2008 by an initial period o f two weeks from the date o f the Bondholders' meeting, and thereafter the Loan Trustee is given power of attorney to extend the waiver period on weekly basis in its own discretion, acting in the best interests of the Bondholders until 1 November 2008, such power of attorney and weekly waivers including from 20 September 2008 the postponement of the interest payment falling due on that date..
For more information, please contact Hans Petter Finne (Executive Chairman) in MPF Corp. Ltd.
To enable the Borrower to conduct the proposed change o f the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.
The Bond Trustee presupposes that the Bondholders are familiar with the Borrowers current situation through press releases, financial reports etc. The Bondholders are requested to independently evaluate the proposition and consider whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

4 September 2008 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval o f the summons. 2. Approval o f the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change o f the Bond Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

1) By an initial period o f two weeks from the date o f the Bondholders' meeting and, thereafter in the Loan Trustee's discretion acting in the best interests o f the Bondholders under power of attorney (see below), by further single weeks until 1 November 2008:

-2 -

N O RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
a. the Bondholders grant a temporary waiver o f the Equity Covenant o f the Loan Agreement clause 13.1.
b. the Borrower shall enter into a new contractfo r the completion and commissioning o f the Drillship with Keppel within the waiver period, and the second priority assignment o f the Keppel Contract will be established as soon as possible thereafter.
c. the Bondholders approve postponing the interest payment due on 20 June 2008 and 20 September 2008. . Compound interest shall be calculated on the Remaining Loan and the interest payment amount which was due 20 June 2008 with LIBOR + 6.75 per centp.a. + 5 per cent p.a. from and including the due date 20 June 2008 until the date payment is made.
2) The Loan Trustee is granted power o f attorney to make any amendments o f the Loan Agreement and may on behalf o f the Bondholders enter into any agreement necessary as to accomplish the above resolutions. The Loan Trustee is also granted the authority, on behalfo f the Bondholders, to approve any minor adjustment to the resolution needed tofacilitate the implementation.
3) Any additional waivers granted by the Loan Trustee according to 1 above will be published at the web site www.stamdata.no, with nofurther written notice to the Bondholders.
To approve the above resolutions, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 o f the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour o f the resolutions. In order to have a quorum, at least 2/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership o f the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner o f the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Loan Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Loan Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Loan Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership of the Bonds.

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Loan Trustee, to notify the Loan Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page o f this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
-4 -

