ADDENDUM TO BOND AGREEMENT
Between WESTERN BULK CHARTERING AS
as Issuer and
NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA on behalfof
BONDHOLDERS in the bond issue FRN Western Bulk Chartering AS NOK 300m Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2013/2017

This addendum to Bond Agreement (as defined below) (the "Addendum") is entered into on 19 De cember 2016 between: 1. Western Bulk Chartering AS, a limited liability company duly registered and validly existing
under the laws of Noiway, with company registration number 892873232 as the "Issuer"; and 2. Nordic Trustee ASA, a public limited company duly registered and validly existing under the laws of Norway, with company registration number 963 342 624 as the "Bond Trustee", collectively referred to as the "Parties" and individually as a "Party". WHEREAS: (A) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee have entered into a bond agreement originally dated 17 April 2013 and most recently amended and restated on 6 July 2016 (the "Bond Agreement"), in respect of a bond issue with IS1N 001 067557.2 (the "Bond Issue"). (B) A Bondholders' Meeting held on 15 December 2016 approved certain amendments of the Bond Agreement and this Addendum is entered into to formalize those amendments.
NOW THEREFORE, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 1. INTERPRETATION - FINANCE DOCUMENTS
Unless otherwise expressly set out in this Addendum, defined expressions in the Bond Agreement shall have the same meaning when used in this Addendum as set out therein. This Addendum shall be considered an addition to the Bond Agreement and shall constitute a Finance Document for the purpose of the Bond Agreement.
2. AMENDMENTS The following amendments shall be made to the Bond Agreement with eflect from the date o f this Addendum: The definition of "Calculation Date" shall be amended so as to have the following wording: "Calculation Date "means 30 June and 31 December each year. " The definition of "Interim Accounts" shall be amended so as to have the following wording: "Interim Accoimts" means the unaudited consolidatedfinancial statements of the Issuerfor the six monthsperiod ending on 30 June eachyear, drawn up according to GAAP. The definition of "QuarterDate" is deleted. The definition of "Reporting Date" shall be amended so as to have the following wording:

"Reporting Date " means in respect of the Interim Accounts the date falling 60 days after each respective interim period and in respect o f the Financial Statements the date falling 90 days after the end o feach calendaryear. Clause 12 shall be amended so as to have the following wording: The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding o f Bonds from tune to time shall he retained by the Issuer and shall not be sold, cancelled or discharged. This restriction shall not apply to any Bonds acquired by the Issuer after 31 De cember 2016, which may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold but not cancelled or discharged. Clause 13.7.1 (i) shall be amended so as to have the following wording: "Book Equity Amount: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Book Equity in the minimum amount of DSD 15 million at any time after 1 January 2018." The following is added as a new clause 13.8 ofthe Bond Agreement: The Issuer shall procure that an equity issue of the NOK equivalent to USD 15,000,000 is completed before 31 March 2017.
3. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION This Addendum shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Norway. Any disputes that may arise from this Addendum shall be referred to the ordinary courts of Norway, with Oslo city court as agreed venue.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have entered into this Addendum on the day and year first above written.

TIU&TSSUER: Western Bulk/Chartering AS

'lame: | X T 3 ^ 7

title: i

rC &r a>.

THE BOND TRUSTEE: Nordic Trustee ASA . .
... <//_f #<&-
NTratmie:e: Morten S. Bredesen

3

