ISIN: NO 001 0582422
Amendment Agreement NO 1 to
the Bond Agreement between
Bergen Group ASA ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders") in the bond issue FRN Bergen Group ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2010/2013

norsk tillitsmann
This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement NO 1") is dated on 21st of December and made between: (1) Bergen Group ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company NO 991 279 539) as
issuer (the "Issuer"), and (2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as
bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
WHEREAS: (A) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee have on 7 June 2010 entered into a loan agreement (the "Bond
Agreement") in respect of the bond issue with ISIN NO 001 0582422. (B) The Issuer has informed the Bond Trustee that with completion medio December 2011, Bergen
Group Technology AS as the transferee will merge with Bergen Group Maritime Services AS and Bergen Group Business Development AS as the transferring entities. The surviving entity will be renamed Bergen Group Services Holding AS. (C) The Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Issuer has now agreed to amend the Bond Agreement on the terms and conditions set out in this Amendment Agreement NO 1. IT IS AGREED as follows: 1. D E F IN IT IO N S AND IN T E R F P R E T A T IO N 1.1 D efinitions In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: "Agreement" means this first amendment agreement. "Effective D ate" means the date when the Bond Trustee has confirmed by letter to the Issuer that the conditions set out in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) of this Amendment Agreement NO 1 are fulfilled.
1.2 In c o rp o ratio n of defined term s In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) a term defined in Clause 1.1 {Definitions) of the Bond Agreement has the same meaning
when used in this Agreement; and (b) the principles of construction set out in Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Bond Agreement
shall have the effect as if set out in this Amendment Agreement NO 1.
2

norsk tillitsmann

2. REPRESENTATIONS
Each Obligor makes the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 under Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a)

on the date of this Amendment Agreement NO 1; and

(b) on the Effective Date.

3. AMENDMENT 3.1 Amendment

The Bond Agreement shall be amended as follows:
(i) Clause 1 shall be amended by deleting the follow ing definitions:
"Bergen Group Maritime Services" means Bergen Group Maritime Services AS, a wholly owned subsidiary o f the Issuer, incorporated in Norway with Company No 982 720 583."
"Bergen Group Technology" m eans Bergen Group Technology AS, a wholly owned subsidiary o f the Issuer, incorporated in Norway with Company No 925 705 829."
(ii) Clause 1 shall be amended by inserting the follow ing definition:
"Bergen Group Services" means Bergen Group Services Holding AS, a wholly owned subsidiary o f the Issuer, incorporated in Norway with Company No 925 705 829."
(Hi) Clause 1 shall be amended by amending and restating the follow ing definition as follows:
"Sub Holding Companies" means: (i) Bergen Group Shipbuilding; (ii) Bergen Group Offshore; and (iii) Bergen Group Services (each a "Sub Holding Company")
3.2 Continuing obligations The provisions of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents shall, save as amended and restated by this Amendment Agreement NO 1, continue in full force and effect, References to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Amendment Agreement NO 1.

3

norsk tillitsmann
4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT (a) The obligation of the Bond Trustee to accept that the Bond Agreement is amended in accordance with the terms of this Amendment Agreement NO 1 is conditional upon the Bond Trustee having received in form and substance satisfactory to it:
(i) this Amendment Agreement NO 1 duly executed by all parties hereto,
(ii) written confirmation of compliance with Clause 7.1 under Clause 7 {Representations and Warranties) in the Bond Agreement (if required by the Trustee);
(iii) certified copies of all necessary coiporate resolutions to execute this Amendment Agreement NO 1,
(iv) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of this Amendment Agreement NO 1, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Issuer.
(b) When the conditions set out above are met in a manner satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee shall inform the Issuer in writing of the Effective Date.
5. MISCELLANEOUS
5.1 Incorporation of terms The provisions Clause 18.7 {Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Amendment Agreement NO 1 as if set out in full in this Amendment Agreement NO 1 and as if references in those clauses to "this Agreement" are references to this Amendment Agreement NO 1.
5.2 Additional Finance Document This Amendment Agreement NO 1 shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Bond Agreement.
6. GOVERNING LAW This Amendment Agreement NO 1 shall be governed by Norwegian law.

Bergen Group ASA

Issuer

Bond Trustee

4

norsk tillitsmann
This Amendment Agreement NO 1 has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.
5

