ISIN NO 001029435.8
LOAN AGREEMENT between
I.M. Skaugen ASA (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA on behalf of Bondholders in bond issue
FRN I.M. Skaugen ASA Bond Issue 2005/2010 with Call Option

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

6

3 Listing

6

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

6

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

7

6. Conditions Precedent

7

7 Representations and Warranties

8

8 Status of the Loan

9

9 Interest and interest calculations

9

10 Maturity of the Loan

10

11 Interest in the event of late payment

10

12 Borrower's call option and acquisition of Bonds

10

13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan

10

14 Fees and expenses

11

15 Events of Default

12

16 Authority of the bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

13

17 Procedural rules

14

18 Repeated bondholders' meeting

17

19 Change of bondholders' representative

17

20 Limitation

18

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This "Loan Agreement^ has been entered into at 13 December 2005 between I.M. Skaugen ASA (Company No 977 241 774) as Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as Loan Trustee.
Through their subscription in the Loan the bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (ie):
The bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription agreement.
* The Loan Trustee has through the bondholder subscription been granted authority to act on behalf of the bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have thefollowing meaning:

Balance Sheet Date:

each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

Banking Day:

any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo, London and New York.

Borrower's Bonds:

bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower, any party over whom the Borrower has such influence as is described in § 1-3 (2) of the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act of 13 June 1997 no. 45 ("Decisive Influence") or any party who has Decisive Influence over the Borrower.

Disbursement Date:

14 December 2005

Equity:

the aggregate of the value of the Group's (i) total shareholders'equity (ii) subordinated indebtedness maturing after 14 December 2010, and (iii) the principal amount outstanding under any other indebtedness subordinated to the Loan (and maturing after 14 December 2010), which the Loan Trustee has consented to including in "Equity" (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), as shown in the Borrower's latest consolidated quarterly financial statements prepared in accordance with

3

Exchange: Group: GAAP:
Interest Determination Date: Interest Payment Date:
LIBOR.

Norsk Tlllitsmann ASA
GAAP
securities exchange or other approved market place for securities with satisfactory requirements to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of each Balance Sheet Date.
means generally accepted accounting principles in Norway for the period to but not including 1January 2005 and International Financial Reporting Standards from and including 1January 2005. If, however, the use of International Financial Reporting Standards becomes mandatory for listed Norwegian companies from another date than 1January 2005, then such other date shall be the cut-off date.
12 December 2005 and thereafter two Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.
14 March, 14 June, 14 September and 14 December each year. If the Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However if the Interest Payment Day falls in the following calendar month the Interest Payment Day is moved to the fist Banking Day preceding the original date.
the interest rate rounded off to two decimal places for a 3 three - months period that is quoted on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 page as of ll.OOa.m, London time on the Interest Determination Date.
Should the contents of the Reuters Screen LIBOR01 page be changed such that, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee and the Borrower, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters Screen, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters Screen's page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee and the Borrower, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters Screen LIBOR01 page did on the
disbursement of the loan. Any disagreement of opinion
between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in sub clause 9.3 of the Loan Agreement.

4

LIBOR Reference Banks:
Loan Outstanding: Payment Date: Relevant Assets:
Remaining Loan: Reuters:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
interest rate determined on the basis of the interest on deposits in U.S, Dollars in the inter-bank market in London, quoted by four large authorised exchange banks in the London market at approximately 11,00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date in London, for a 3 - three - months period, starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan
Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a
quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date for deposits in U.S. Dollars to leading European banks for a 3 - three - months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.
in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal. If the Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day.
ships, real estate, terminals, government bonds, listed shares, listed bonds and other debt instruments, bank deposits and any other assets acquired in the normal course of business, held by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, that are not encumbered with any mortgage, pledge or other collateral. Any assets of the aforementioned types which are encumbered with any mortgage, pledge or other collateral shall nonetheless be included when calculating the Relevant Assets with the amount, if any, by which their book value exceeds the security interest existing over them.
the aggregate principal amount of all bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through Securities Depository.
financial information electronically distributed by the news agency, Reuters Norge A/S.

5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered.

Securities Depository Act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Subsidiary:

a "datterselskap" as that term is defined in § 1-3 of the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act of 13 June 1997 no. 45.

Total Assets:

the value of the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis as shown in the Borrower's latest consolidated quarterly financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP,

2 The Loan
2. I The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of bonds at a maximum amount of USD 100,000,000 (US dollars one hundred million), herein referred to as "the Loan". The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 100.000 each and rank pari passu. The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be NO 001029435.8. All the bonds shall rank pari passu. The Loan will be described as "FRN I.M. Skaugen ASA Bond Issue 2005/2010 with Call Option". The term of the Loan is from and including Disbursement Date to 14 December 2010 The net proceeds of the Loan will be employed for general corporate purposes.

3 Listing
3.1 The Loan will be applied for listing on Oslo Burs or Oslo Børs ASAs Alternative Bond Market (ABM.). If the Loan is listed on Oslo Burs, the Loan may be transferred to ABM without a mandatory Bondholders'meeting and without a mandatory repurchase offer of the Loan to the Bondholders.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any
6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment o f his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assignedto the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assignedto or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in its
capacity as bondholders' representative and - verify the timely and correct payment o f interest and principal. - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange o f circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as bondholders' representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
6. Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the first tranche of Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least three Banking days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly signed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and sign
7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
the Loan Agreement,
(c) certified copies of the Articles of Association of the Borrower and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(d) confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange,
(e) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(f) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1, and (g) the agreement according to Clause 14.1 of the Loan Agreement, duly signed
6.2 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to the above.
6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the Loan will be made available to the Borrower at Disbursement Date.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower shall represent and warrant that:
(a) all information given in the prospectus represents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower's financial condition since the date of the prospectus which would have a material adverse change on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Loan Agreement,
(b) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid and
(e) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it, except as described in the prospectus, which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8

Norsk Tillitsmaon ASA
8 Status of the Loan and Security
8.1 The obligations of the Borrower under this Loan Agreement will not be secured by any mortgage, pledge or other security. The Loan shall rank pari passu with other existing senior debt of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
9 Interest and interest calculations
9.1 Interest accrues from and including Disbursement Date based on LIBOR plus 2.80 percentage points. LIBOR is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should LIBOR not be available, the interestrate will be set based on LIBOR Reference Banks plus 2.80 percentage points.
The interest is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in March 2006.
9.2 The interest on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest is set on the Interest Determination Date based on LIBOR plus 2.80 percentage points. Should LIBOR not be available, the interestrate will be set based on LIBOR Reference Banks plus 2,80 percentage points.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is set in accordance with quotes from LIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders who represent at least 1/10th of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower and one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee, and a chairman agreed by the representatives o f the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Lord Chief Justice of the City of Oslo Magistrates Court, The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for setting the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days from and including the payment date to the following interest reset date, and subsequently from each interest reset date to the next or the maturity date. The number days are divided by 360.
9
V

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
10 Maturity o f the Loan
10.1 The Loan will runwithout instalments and mature in whole on 14 December 2010, at
par value (100%) unless the Borrower has used its right to redeem the bonds in accordance with clause 12.1.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment o f interest or principal is not made on the Payment Dates, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interbank offered rate for Norwegian kroner quoted by major Norwegian banks for the relevant period plus 5 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to subclause 15.1 (a), cf. subclauses 15.2- 15.3.
12 Borrower's call option and acquisition of Bonds
12.1 The Borrower may redeem the Loan wholly or partially on the Interest Payment Date in December 2007 at price 105 per cent of par value provided that the redemption conditions stipulated in this Clause are met.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the bonds.
Should the Borrower utilise his redemption right, the bondholders must be informed of this in writing via the Securities Depository no later than 30 - thirty - Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Bonds acquired after redemption in accordance with this clause must be utilised for depreciation of the Outstanding Loan and be deleted from Securities Depository.
12.3 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15.1 as well as of any circumstances which in the Borrower's reasonable opinion is likely to lead to such default,
(b) of his own accord send to the Loan Trustee annual reports and quarterly reports as
10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
soon as they are available,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(e) within a reasonable time limit provide such information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(f) maintain Relevant Assets with an aggregate book value (on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower, prepared in accordance with GAAP of no less than a USD amount equivalent to Remaining Loan,
(g) ensure that during the term of the Loan the Equity shall not on each Balance Sheet Date be less than 25% of Total Assets as of such date, and
(h) no later than 90 days after 30 June and no later than 150 days after 14 December each year send the Loan Trustee a statement from the Borrower's Chief Financial Officer or from such other person in the executive management of the Borrower (who can legally bind the Borrower) confirming the Borrower's compliance with the covenants set out in sub-clause (f) and (g) above.
13.2 The Borrower shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or, if required under clause 16, the bondholders'meeting:
(a) cease to carry on its business or
(b) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or materially change the nature of its business, which mightjeopardise the Borrower's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to subclause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to subclauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreementbetween the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however subclause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan will be deemed to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay on the Interest Payment Date any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Loan Agreement; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five Banking Days after the Interest Payment Date.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other material covenant or obligation, to be performed under the Loan Agreement and such failure is not remedied within 30 - thirty - Banking Days after written notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) any other loan or financial indebtedness of, or assumed or guaranteed by, the Borrower exceeding a total of USD 30 000 000 - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies - has become repayable by the Borrower prior to the due date thereof as a result of acceleration of maturity caused by an occurrence of any event of default hereunder,
(d) the Borrower shall enter into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place, or a substantial part of the Borrower's assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint or
(e) The Borrower has presented the Loan Trustee or the bondholders with information which is incorrect or incomplete in any material respect in relation to the Loan, and this has a materially adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfil its obligations under this Loan Agreement.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in sub-clause 15.1 occurs, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in sub-clause 15.1 occurs, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
*
(a) The Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of sub-clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a written demand for the payment of the Loan including accrued interest, interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
15.5 The individual bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) declaring the Loan to be in default,
(f) consents to any disposal of assets by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent this is required under the terms of this Loan Agreement,
(g) consents to the inclusion of subordinated debt in Equity to the extent this is required under the terms of this Loan Agreement.
The bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
13

Norsk TUlitsminn ASA
The bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in subclauses 16.1 d) and g), provided that:
(a) the changes in the Borrower's corporate structure or the inclusion of subordinated debt in Equity are not, in thejudgement of the Loan Trustee, of material importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in subclause 16.1 c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any bondholder submits a written protest againstthe proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 15 Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with subclauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Loan Outstanding or
14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of subclause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase Loan Outstanding.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a bondholders' meeting as set forth in subclause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of subclause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication, The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the bondholders in the Loan Outstanding agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof. If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18 of the Loan Agreement, to hold a new bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result o f the vote at the first bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the bondholders' meeting decides otherwise, If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a bondholder or representative of the bondholders, elected by the
15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the bondholders' meeting. The bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting bonds.
In case of doubt, the bondholders' meeting decides which bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Loan Outstanding must be represented, see however Clausel8.
In the event that the bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Loan Outstanding, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the bonds represented. If the bondholders present represent 5/10 or more of the Loan Outstanding, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure which are of material importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case o f a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated bondholders' meeting
In the event that less than 2/10 of the Loan Outstanding is represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Loan Outstanding are represented.
19 Change of bondholders' representative
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or/and bondholders wish to replace the Loan Trustee pursuant to subclause 16.1 a), or a change of the Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a bondholders' meeting to decide on the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the bondholders' meeting a proposal for a bondholders' representative. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of bondholders' representative becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as representative for the bondholders until a new representative has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary bondholders' representative. The cost of this temporary representative shall be covered by the Borrower, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former bondholders' representative if the change is due to breach of the duties of the bondholders' representative under this Loan Agreement or other circumstances for which the bondholders' representative is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new bondholders' representative is given, without undue delay after the bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
20 Limitation Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979nr, 18.
21 Dispute resolution and legal venue 2 1.1 Disputes arising out o f or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not
resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts. 2 1.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
Oslo, 13 December 2005 Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee
The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.
18

