NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA w w w .tru stee.n o
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0400328 -13.00 per cent Aladdin Oil & Gas Company ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2007/2009 with Warrants
Oslo, 27 of November 2009
Proposal to amend Loan Agreements - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is appointed as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee") for the above mentioned Bonds issued by Aladdin Oil & Gas Company ASA (the "Borrower" or the "Company"). All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the agreement of the Loan (the "Loan Agreement") or this summons (including the company update in Exhibit 1 hereto) unless otherwise stated. The information in this summons regarding the Borrower and market conditions are provided by the Borrower, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. Background In addition to this summons letter, the Borrower has provided a separate document which is intended to give an update of the Borrower's financial and operational status (the "Company Update"), enclosed as Exhibit 1 to this summons. Bondholders are encouraged to read both documents.
2. Proposal The Borrower has approached the Loan Trustee to convene a Bondholders meeting to consider the approval o f the proposed changes in the Loan Agreement as set out in this section (the "Proposal").

MAILING ADDRESS @ P.O.BOX I47O VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LO CATIO N ® HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone · +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail · mail@trustee.no

N O R SK TILLITSM ANN ASA www.lrustec.no
2.1 Postponement of interest
The Borrower is proposing that interest accrued and due for payment on the 10th December 2009 (the "Interest Payment Date") is postponed until 10thMarch 2010. Unpaid interest due at Interest Payment Date (the "Due Interest Amount") shall bear overdue interest equal to 13% p.a. plus 5 % p.a. The overdue interest shall accrue from and including the Interest Payment Date until the Due Interest Amount is paid.
The postponement will be made in form o f issuing bonds equal to the Due Interest Amount in a new ISIN code (the "Allotted Bonds"). The Allotted Bonds will bear interest equal to 13 % p.a. plus 5 % p.a. from and including the Interest Payment Date until the Allotted Bonds is repaid in full. The terms of the Allotted Bonds will be set out in the amendment agreement.
For the avoidance of doubt, this mean that the Bondholders originally entitled to interest at the Interest Payment Date will receive the Allotted Bonds.
2.2 Increased Coupon Rate
In addition, the Borrower is proposing that the coupon rate in respect of all Bonds shall be increased by 5 % p.a. (i.e. to 18 % p.a.) from and including the Interest Payment Date until the Due Interest Amount is paid.

3. Evaluation of the Proposal
3.1 The Borrowers evaluation of the Proposal
Reference is made to Exhibit 1 (Company Update) hereto setting out further background on the Borrower's financial and operational status.
3.2 The Loan Trustee's evaluation of the Proposal
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.
It is recommended that the Bondholders consult with their own advisors to evaluate the consequences of the Proposal.

4. Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

8 December 2009 at 10:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5thfloor

-2 -

Agenda:

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA www. trustee, no

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval o f the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Bond Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondholders ' meeting approve the relevant p a rt o f the Proposal as described in clause 2 in the summons to this Bondholders ' meeting.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given the power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with decisions made by the Bondholders 'meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including make other necessary amendments o f the Loan Agreement and collect necessary legal opinions.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

3-

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA www.imscee.no
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Liv Mona Arntzen Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
Exhibit 1: Company Update
-4 -

Background

Company ASA

Aladdin Oil & Gas Company ASA ("the Company") is a Norwegian based exploration and production company, headquartered in Oslo and listed on the Norwegian OTC market under the ticker code AOGC. The Company owns the following Russian oil companies: OOO Geotechnologia which owns two oil- and gas licenses in the Timan Pechora Province in North-West Russia; as well as Company ZAO Orneftegaz and OOO Veselovskoye with a combined ownership of six oil licenses in the Orenburg Area.

Financial Situation
On 15 October, 2008 the Company agreed an equity placing with the Cypriote company Venatino Ltd ("Venatino") whereby the latter subscribed shares for a total of NOK 155 million. The placing should take place in three tranches with the last and largest tranche to take place in January 2009. The issue price agreed was NOK 7.70 per share.
In January Venatino declared that it was not able to meet its commitments under the third tranche in its entirety due to general problems as a result of the downturn in the world economy. As a result a rescheduled payment plan to be completed by the end of the second quarter was negotiated.
As of today's date Venatino has paid in approximately NOK 80 million.
Venatino has previously stated its commitment to complete their agreed purchase of shares in the Company, but has as of today failed to do so.
Based on the above the Company has worked extensively with alternative solutions for raising sufficient additional funds to cover both operating and development costs. The Company is engaged in several discussions regarding both debt and equity with various direct and indirect sources of funds in Norway, UK and Russia. These discussions and negotiations have consumed more time than anticipated. It has become clear that new financing, primarlily by way of new equity, may not be in place to the Interest Payment Date 10th December and may not be sufficient for both the interest payments and the operations unless the interests maturing on 10 December 2009 can be extended by one quarter. The Company is also negotiating other credit extensions to ensure funds being allocated towards operational needs in order to generate positive cash flows.
The Company is therefore requesting a one quarter postponement of the Interest Payment Date from 10th December 2009 until 10th March 2010.

The Operating Situation
Below a summary of the operations during autumn 2009:
° The gas construction work in the MS licence is completed. Start of production is estimated for the end of 4th quarter 2009. The final sales agreement based on the cooperation agreement with Komiregiongas (a subsidiary of Gasprom) is signed. Estimated volume is 125,000 m3 (800boe) per day for 2009 with expectations of doubling at the end of 2010.
* Testing of gas wells of the MS licence according to international standards, the purpose being to (i) secure gas deliveries according to agreements and (ii) account for reserves according to SPE classification. The 1C well tested more than 100.000 m3/day (600boe) alone.
© Successfully reactivated 3 wells on Nikiferovskoye license which are producing 250-300bopd · One frac is to be carried out in December by Schlumberger bringing production on
Nikiferovskoye close to 500 bopd according to prognosis
The Company's work programme for 2010 includes the following:
» Development of gas field no. 14 on the MS licence in Uktha, provided that the extended gas test confirms that the discovery is commercial. It is expected that the development of the gas field will be completed by the second half of 2010.

Aladdin Oil & Gas Company ASA, Øvre Slottsgate 14, 0157 Oslo Telefon +47 22 97 99 00, telefaks +47 22 97 99 01

Oil & Gas
Company ASA · Drill more gas production wells to boost gas production. · Stimulation campaign in Nikiferovskoye license to bring production to 700-800bopd. · Drill Sidetrack wells in the Veselovskoye licences in Orenburg in order to boost production. EBITDA breakeven for the group is estimated at 1400 boepd, which we intend to reach during 1st quarter 2010. The focus is to boost production and cashflow based on optimized investment program in order to keep capex requirements at a minimum.
Aladdin Oil & Gas Company ASA, 0vre Slottsgate 14, 0157 Oslo Telefon +47 22 97 99 00, telefaks +47 22 97 99 01

