ISIN: NO 0010699879
Amendment Agreement to
the Bond Agreement between
American Shipping Company ASA ("Issuer") and
Nordic Trustee ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue FRN Aker American Shipping ASA Senior Unsecured Callable PIK
Bond Issue 2007/2018

Nordic Trustee asa
This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated l .Kjo j Tcjfebetween American Shipping Company ASA (the "Issuer") and Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee").
1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the Bond Agreement "FRN Aker American Shipping ASA Senior Unsecured Callable PIK Bond Issue 2007/2018" with ISIN 0010699879, based on resolution adopted at the Bondholders' meeting dated 1 November 2016.
2. Amendment to the Bond Agreement
The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) Clause 10.2 shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
(a) ``The Borrower may redeem all or part o f the Loan (the ``Call Option ") on any Banking Day from the including the Disbursement Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 101% o f par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
(b) The Call Option may be exercised by the Borrower by written notice to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders at least five (5), Banking Days prior to the settlement o f the Call Option. Such notice sent by the Borrower is irrevocable and shall specify the settlement date o f the Call Option.
(c) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used fo r pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations o f the Securities Depository. "
3. Confirmation of the Bond Agreement
All other provisions o f the Bond Agreement remain in full force.
4. Governing Law
Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.
5. Commencement
The amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence 1 November 2016.
2

American Shipping Company ASA Issuer

Nordic Trustee ASA
Vivian Trosch
Attorney-at-Law

Nordic Trustee asa

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

