Loan Description

ISIN: NO 001 0301278

9.50% Altinex Oil AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2006/2011

Settlement date: Expected to be 9 February 2006

Issuer:

Altinex Oil AS

Currency:

NOK

Loan amount / First tranche:
Borrowing limit:

NOK 200 000 000 - 300 000 000.
The issuer has the right to decline any amount less than MNOK 300
NOK 300 000 000

Coupon rate:

9.50% Annual Interest Payments

Settlement Date:

Expected 9 February 2006.

Maturity:

February 2011 (5 years after Settlement Date at price 100.00.)

First interest payment day: Last interest payment day: Interest Payments:

February 2007 (1 year after Settlement Date)
February 2011 (5 years after Settlement Date)
Interest on the Loan will commence to accrue on Settlement Date and shall be payable annually in arrears on the interest payment day in February each year, or if not a Norwegian banking day on the first subsequent banking day. The coupon is a fixed rate of 9.50 % per annum on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days, with interest in respect of any part of an uncompleted such month being determined on the basis of a 30 day month less the remaining number of calendar days in the month.

Price:

100.00 (par)

Yield:

9.50% effective annual rate to maturity at a price of 100.00.

Nominal value:

The bonds will have a nominal value of NOK 500.000. The bonds will be registered in Verdipapirsentralen (VPS).

Status of the loan and 1) The Bonds shall rank pari passu with all other existing senior debt of the Issuer

security:

other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law, and shall rank ahead of

subordinated capital.

All tranches under the Loan will be subject to identical terms in all respects (including without limitation with respect to security), and the rights and obligations of all parties to the Loan also apply for later tranches made within the maximum amount of the Loan.

The Issuer shall establish an Escrow Account and the net proceeds of the loan shall be transferred to the Escrow Account in connection with disbursement of the Loan.

2) As security for the Bondholders, the Issuer shall pledge a 1. priority in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) the Issuer's 12.2575% interest in the

Brage field on the Norwegian Continental Shelf. If the pledge is not established before disbursement of the Loan, the bondholders will also have a pledge in the Escrow Account.
When the pledge in the Brage field is established, the amount will be released from the Escrow Account.
Mandatory redemption: If 100 % of the Issuer's interest in the Brage field is sold or disposed during the term of the Loan, the Issuer shall either (i) redeem 100% of all outstanding bonds at a price equal to 108% of par value (plus accrued interest) or (ii) place proceeds from the sale of the interest in the Brage field on an Escrow Account. If the proceeds from the sale of the interest in the Brage field exceed the Remaining Loan, only an amount equaling the Remaining Loan shall be transferred to the Escrow Account. The bondholders will have pledge in the Escrow Account until the bonds are called, redeemed or matures. If the Issuer only sells parts of its interest in the Brage field, the Issuer must redeem the Remaining Loan pro rata at 108% of par value (plus accrued interest) or place equivalent proceeds from sale of the Brage field interest on an Escrow Account on the terms described above. (As an example, if 1/5 of the Issuer's 12.2575% interest in the Brage field is sold, 1/5 of the Remaining Loan shall be redeemed or equivalent proceeds from the sale shall be placed on an escrow account).
The Issuer can replace the first priority pledge in the Brage field with a satisfactorily pledge in an interest in another field or a portfolio of other fields in the future. If the pledge in Brage field is replaced by a satisfactorily pledge in another field or a portfolio of fields, the company is not obliged to redeem the Loan according to Mandatory redemption nor place the proceeds on an Escrow Account as described in the paragraph above. Such a replacement described in this paragraph depends upon an approval on a Bondholder meeting.
If the Brage-transaction is not completed in accordance with the SPA, the Issuer shall use proceeds from the Escrow Account to redeem the remaining loan at a price equal to 102% (plus accrued interest).
3) Covenants: a) Dividends: The Issuer shall not within a calendar year, during the term of the loan, make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders unless the Equity to Capital Employed ratio exceeds 0.35. If the Equity to Capital Employed ratio exceeds 0.35, the Issuer shall not within a calendar year, during the term of the loan, make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders exceeding 30% of net profit after taxes based on the accounts for the previous calendar year. The Equity to Capital Employed ratio shall remain above 0.35 also immediately after such distribution.
Equity means: Book value of Equity
Capital Employed means: Net interest bearing debt + Book value of Equity

b) Equity to capital employed ratio: Ensure that the Equity to Capital Employed Ratio is at least 0.25. The ratio shall be calculated as below:

Book value of Equity

> 0.25

Net interest bearing debt + Book value of Equity

Net Interest bearing debt to be defined as:

Gross interest bearing debt less cash & cash equivalents

For the avoidance of doubt, figures included in the Dividend and Equity to Capital Employed covenants are on a consolidated basis for the Issuer Altinex Oil AS.

c) Withdrawals from the Escrow Account: The net proceeds of each tranche shall be transferred to the Escrow Account. Withdrawal(s) from the Escrow Account can take place if such withdrawal(s) is in accordance with the Purpose of the Loan.

The Issuer shall not without the approval of the Trustee or, where necessary, the
Bondholders' meeting:

a) cease to carry on its business. b) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature
of its business which might jeopardize the Borrowers fulfillment of its obligations under the loan agreement.

The Subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Loan Agreement.

Issuer's call option:

The Issuer may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan (Call Option) before February 2009 (3 years after Settlement Date) (American option) at 108% of par value, or in February 2009 (3 years after Settlement Date) at 106% of par value or in February 2010 (4 years after Settlement Date) at 103% of par value.

Approvals:

The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer's Board approval [tbd].

Investor Documentation:

Selling presentation, loan description, subscription agreement.

Issuer's ownership of The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's

bonds:

discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold and/or used for partial redemption.

Escrow Account:

The loan amount and any other tranches of the Loan shall be placed on a protected escrow account. The amounts can only be withdrawn from the escrow account under such cases described in this Loan Description.

Purpose:

The Purpose of the Loan is to part-finance the acquisition of a 12.2575% interest in the Brage field on the Norwegian Continental Shelf and general corporate purposes.

Arranger:

The Issue has been arranged and placed by Pareto Securities ASA, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway and SEB Merchant Banking, Filipstad Brygge 1, NO0113 Oslo, Norway.

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.

Issuer's org. number: Altinex Oil AS is registered in the Norwegian Company Register with no. 987.008.664.

Amortization:

The bonds will be repaid in full 5 years after Settlement Date.

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in Norway in connection with the issuance of the Loan, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market, except to the extent by reason of operation of applicable laws, and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

Loan Agreement:

The Loan Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the

bondholders' representative. If any discrepancy should occur between this Loan description and the Loan Agreement, then the Loan Agreement shall prevail. The Subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Loan Agreement. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Loan Description could occur in order to establish a legally acceptable structure. The Bond subscription form specifically authorises the Trustee to execute and deliver the Loan Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders, who will execute and deliver such Subscription Form prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Loan Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, who will thereby become parties to the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, in taking transfer of Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Loan Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Loan Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Loan Agreement specifies that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Loan, be obtained on request to the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Loan.

Stock listing:

Exchange An application will be made for the bonds to be listed on Oslo Børs. No representation or warranty in respect of the outcome of the application or time of listing is made.

Market making:

No market-making agreement has been made for this Issue.

Eligible purchasers:

The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, mortgage or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.

Subject to:

Finalized loan documentation and approval of loan documentation by the Trustee.

Altinex Oil AS

Oslo, 24 January 2006

Pareto Securities ASA SEB Merchant Banking

