ISHM: N O 001059802.2
Amendment Agreement NO 2 to
the Bond Agreement between NBT AS ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 14 per cent NBT AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013

This Amendment Agreement NO 2 (the "Agreement") is dated o n ____September 2 0 12 and made between:
(1) NBT AS (a company incorporated in Norway with Company NO 987 646 977) as issuer (the "Issuer''), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

WHEREAS:
(A) Reference is made to the bond agreement for "14 per cent NBTAS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013" (ISIN 001059802.2), originally dated 29 December 20P0 and as amended by an amendment agreement dated 3 January 2012 (the "Bond Agreement").
(B) The Issuer has informed the Bondholders that the financial covenant set out in Clause 13.5 of the Bond Agreement is to be amended as specified in the summons to Bondholders' meeting dated 27 June 2012.
(C) In the Bondholders1meeting held 12 July 2012, the Bondholders approved the terms of the Share Charge, to amend the financial covenant, and authorised the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders to enter into this Agreement and to carry out any necessary completion work.
(D) The Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Issuer has now agreed to amend the Bond Agreement on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement.
IT IS AGREED as follows:
1. DEFINITIONS AND TNTERTPRETATION

1.1 Definitions
In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
"Effective D ate" means the date when the Bond Trustee has confirmed by letter to the Issuer (Appendix 1) that the condi ions set out in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) o f this Agreement are fulfilled or, where applicable, waived, and represents the date when the amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence.

1.2 Incorporation of defined terms In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

a term defined in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) of the Bond Agreement has the same meaning

when used in this Agreement; and

2
1M.3-

(b)

the principles of construction set out in Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Bond Agreement

shall have the effect as if set out in this Agreement.

REPRESENTATIONS
The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 under Clause 7 {Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by reference to the facts and circumstances then exis :ing:

(a)

on the date of this Agreement; and

(b) on the Effective Date.

AMENDMENT Amendment The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(i) A new definition of "IFRS" shall be inserted in Clause 1.1 {Definitions) and shall read as follows:
" "I F R S "means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles o f the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof, inforce from time to time. "
(ii) The definition of "Book Equity" ir Clause 1.1 {Definitions) shall read as follows:
" "Booh Equity " means the aggregate amount which would in accordance with IFRS be shown in the Issuer s financial statements as the shareholders ' equity o f the Group on a consolidated basis adjustedfo r positive or negative effects (as the case may be) o f any difference in accounting principles o f outstanding warrants where the warrants should be accountedfor as equity according to NGAAP , · instead o f fair value accounting (asset or liability) as (he applied IFRS accounting principle "
(iii) The definition of "Total Assets" in Clause 1.1 {Definitions) shall read as follows:
" "Total Assets " means the aggregate amount which would in accordance with IFRS be shewn in the Issuer'sfinancial statements as total assets o f the Group on a consolidated basis, adjustedfor positive or negative effects (as the case may be) o f any difference in accounting principles o f outstanding warrants where the warrants

should be accountedfor as equity according to NGAAT instead o f fair value accounting (asset or liability) as the applied IFRS accounting principle."
(iv) The definition of "Equity Ratio" in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) shall be read as follows:
" "Equity Ratio " means the ratio o f Book Equity tc Total Assets. "

3.2 Continuing obligations
The provisions of the Bond Agreement shall, save as amended and restated by this Agreement and/or as temporarily waived by the Bondholders by resolution in the Bondholders' meeting dated 12 July 2012 (as the case may be), continue in full force and effect. References to the Bond Agreement in any other document shall from the Effective Date be consliued as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.

4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

(a)

The obligation of the Bond Trustee to accept that the Bond Agreement is amended in

accordance with the terms of this Agreement is conditional upon the Bond Trustee having

received in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by all parties hereto,

(ii) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute this Agreement,

(iii) a power o f attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of this Agreement, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Issuer.

(b)

When the conditions set out above are met in a manner satisfactory to the Bond Trustee,

the Bond Trustee shall inform the Issuer in writing of the Effective Date.

5. MISCELLANEOUS
5.1 Incorporation of terms The provisions Clause 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Agreement" are also references to this Agreement.

5.2 Additional Finance Document This Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document'"for the purposes of the Bond Agreement.

4

Each party to this Agreement acknowledge and agree that, with effect from the Effective Dale, each reference in any Finance Document to the Bond Agreement shall be construed as a reference also to this Agreement. References to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.
6. GOVERNING LAW This Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.

NBTAS

NorskTillitsmann ASA

Issuer
This Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

5

APPENDIX 1
To: NBT AS Date:
ISIN NO 001059802.2 - AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO 2 EFFECTIVE DATE NOTICE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA confirms thst the conditions set cut in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) o f this Agreement are fulfilled or. where applicable, waived, and represents the date when the amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence on [date], and that this is the Effective Date. Best regards, NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA [Name]
6 0^
m-

