To: Holders of the 12% secured callable bonds due 2020 (ISIN NO 001 0744246) issued by NSA Bondco Limited (the "Bondholders")
From: NSA Bondco Limited (the "Issuer")
The Issuer would like to update the Bondholders with respect to certain communications which the Issuer has received from Norshore Holding AS ("Norshore") relating to the bareboat charter regarding the vessel known as "Norshore Atlantic" dated 31 August 2015 (the "Charterparty"). Terms not otherwise defined in this release shall have the same meaning given to them in the Charterparty.
The Issuer has received notice from Norshore on 30 December 2015 stating as follows: "Please be informed that the ConocoPhillips contract Phase 2 is progressing well and is expected to be completed approximately 5-6 January 2016. Unfortunately, there is no other committed contract in direct continuation of the ConocoPhillips contract and Norshore therefore is in process of preparing a lay-up situation of the vessel awaiting new charter contracts. According to A r t . 41.5.8.g the Charterer must seek acceptance from the Owner prior to any lay-up of the Vessel. NSA Bondco is therefore asked to kindly respond accordingly. If so requested from the Owner, Norshore will provide a proposal for Owner's acceptance."
Norshore further stated that they are exploring different options, both for new contracts and for the funding of the Charterer during an off hire period for the Vessel. The Issuer has been informed that there are ongoing discussions both with Norshore's existing shareholders, a possible new shareholder, as well as one of the main bondholders. Norshore has summoned an extraordinary Board Meeting for 31 December 2015 to discuss the present situation and has stated that they will give the Issuer an update after the Board Meeting.
Additionally, the Issuer was informed on 30 December 2015 that Ken Becker has tendered his resignation as the Owners' Board Appointee from the board of Norshore, and that Norshore will be posting a release on its website accordingly.

