NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 062577.5 -FRN Havila AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014
Oslo, 6 June 2014
Sum m ons to Bondholders' Meeting- request for amendment of the Maturity Date
Nordic Trustee ASA is appointed as Bond Trustee for the above mentioned Bond issue. The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. Background
The Issuer has engaged SpareBank 1 Markets AS to contemplate a refinancing of the Bonds hacked by a majority of Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Bonds (the "Majority Bondholders") regarding the upcoming maturity.
The Majority Bondholders have provided a binding and fully underwritten new bond issue with maturity on 26 September 2017 with certain amendments on coupon rate, call options and security package (the "New Bonds") that in view of the Issuer is very supportive to its corporate and financial strategy.
2. Proposal for amendment of Maturity Date and option to subscribe for New Bonds
In order to implement the transaction, the Summons to the Bondholders' Meeting requests to redeem the Bonds on 25 June 2014. The Bondholders may individually choose to 1) receive 100% of par value (plus accrued interest) at Maturity Date or 2) subscribe for the New Bonds with Bonds as payment.
Bondholders who choose to subscribe for New Bonds with Bonds as payment will subscribe on a 1:1 basis and will receive 1:1 allocation. The New Bonds will have the same coupon rate as the Bonds to the original Maturity Date, being 26 September 2014, hence there will be no cash effect for Bondholders subscribing for New Bonds. If the New Bond Issue is not fully subscribed with Bonds, the Majority Bondholders will as part of the underwriting agreement subscribe for and be allocated the remaining New Bonds, on a pro rata basis.
Bondholders not subscribing for the New Bonds with Bonds will receive cash payment equal to 100% of par value plus accrued interest at Maturity Date.
More than 2/3 of the Bondholders have pre-approved the early redemption of the Bonds.

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

Bondholders that want to subscribe for New Bonds (with Bonds as payment) are asked to contact Christoffer Haehre or Tom Hestnes, SpareBank 1 Markets AS (phone +47 24 13 3752 / 3778) by email christoffer.haehre@sb 1markets.no or tom.hestnes@sb lmarkets.no for detailed information, term sheet, application form, etc. regarding the New Bond.

To enable the Issuer to conduct the proposed change of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

3. The Bondholders' meeting and proposal The Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

20 June 2014 at 09:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following: The definition of Maturity Date shall read as follows:

" "Maturity Date " means 25 June 2014. "
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

The individual bondholder may authorise the Nordic Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Nordic Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).

2 -

-

In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (www.mail@,trustee.noj within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA Vivian Trøsch Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
-3 -

