ISINNO 001 06277.5
Amendment Agreement NO 1 to
the Bond Agreement between
Havila AS ("Issuer1')
and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
("Bond Trustee") on behalf of
the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue FRN Havila AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014
V.

norsk tillitsmann asa
This Amendment Agreement (the "Amendment Agreement NO X") is dated on ^December 2011 between Havila AS (the "Issuer") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee"),
1, The Scope of the Amendment Agreement
The Amendment Agreement NO 1 comprises amendments of the bond agreement "FRN Havila AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014" with ISIN 001 06277.5 dated 23 September 2011 (the "Bond Agreement").
2. Incorporation of defined terms
Unless contrary indication appears, a term defined in the Bond Agreement has the same meaning in this Amendment Agreement NO 1. The principles of construction set out in the Bond Agreement shall have effect as if set out in this Amendment Agreement NO 1.
3, Amendment to the Bond Agreement
The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) A new definition of "Havilafjord" shall be inserted in Clause 1 and shall read as follows:
"Havilafjord means Havilafjord AS, a company incorporated in Norway with Company No 897 211 572."
(ii) Clause 1 shall be amended by amending the definition of "Material Adverse Effect" to be read as follows:
""Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or Havilafjord and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's and/or Havilafjord's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents."
(iii) Clause 1 shall be amended by amending the definition of "Share Pledges" to be read as follows:
""Share Pledges" means the first priority pledge granted by (1) the Issuer over all its shares in (i) Havilafjord; and (iii) Havila Ariel, and (1) Havilafjord over all its shares in Fjordl Nordvestlandske."
(iv) Clause 13.4 litra c) shall be amended to read; "Corporate status
2

norsk tillitsmann asa
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that Havilafjord, Fjord INordvestlandske and Havila Ariel shall not, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization."
(v) Clause 13,4 litra h) shall be amended to read: "Financial Indebtedness The Issuer shall not create, incur or allow to exist any Financial Indebtedness other than (1) Financial Indebtedness existing on the date o f this Bond Agreement and any refinancing thereof, and (2) any hedging transactions enered into in the ordinary course of business. Further, the Issuer shall ensure that Havilafjord shall not create, incur or allow to exist any Financial Indebtedness,"
(vi) Clause 13.4 litra i) shall be amended to read:
" Negative Pledge The Issuer shall not create, incur or allow to exist any Encumbrance on any of its shares in Havilafjord and Flavila Ariel, save for the security granted for the Bond Issue.
Further, the Issuer shall not create, incur or allow to exist any Encumbrance on any other of its existing assets, save for:
(i) security granted for the Bond Issue;
(ii) the existing mortgage on the Havila Group's head-office granted as security for loan in the amount of NOK 41.2 million to FokusBank;
(iii) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances;
(iv) any payment or close out netting or set-off arrangement pursuant to any interest or currency hedging transaction subject to a master agreement on terms and conditions that are standard within the industry;
(v) any lien arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading and not as a result of any default or omission by the Issuer; and
(vi) any security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to the Issuer in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by the Issuer.
3

norsk lillilsmann asa
Furthermore, the Issuer shall ensure that Havilafjord shall not create, incur or allow to exist any Encumbrance against or upon any of its assets or proceeds."
(vii)Clause 13.4 litra j) shall be amended to read: "Financial Assistance The Issuer shall not grant any loans or other financial assistance to, or guarantee or grant security to secure the obligations of, any third party not being a member of the Group, other than in the ordinary course of business. Further, the Issuer shall ensure that Havilafjord shall not grant any loans or other financial assistance to, or guarantee or grant security to secure the obligations of any party."
(viii) Clause 13.4 shall be amended by inserting a new sub-clause litre k) to be read:
"Single-purpose company The Issuer shall ensure that Havilafjord is and shall remain a single-purpose company only owning the Group's shares in Fjordl Nordvestlandske."
(ix) Clause 13.5 litra d) shall be amended to read:
"Ownership to Havilafjord, Fjordl Nordvestlandske and Havila Ariel
The Issuer shall ensure that it holds at least minimum:
(i) 100% o f the outstanding shares in Havilafjord; and (iii) 50.1% of the outstanding shares in Havila Ariel.
Further, the Issuer shall ensure that Havilafjord holds 41.0% of the outstanding shares in Fjordl Nordvestlandske."
(x) Clause 13.5 litra e) shall be amended to read: "Share pledges The Issuer shall ensure that all of its shares in Havilafjord and Havila Ariel are part of the Share Pledges, In the event that the Issuer at any time wishes to reduce its shareholding in Havila Ariel to a level which is not lower than required pursuant to Clause 13.5(d) above, the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent (as the case may be) shall without undue delay release the security constituted by the Share Pledges over the relevant shares.
4

norsk tillitsmann asa
Further, the Issuer shall ensure that all of Havilafjord's shares in FjordI Nordvestlandske are part of the Share Pledges. In the event that the Havilafjord at any time wishes to reduce its shareholding in FjordI Nordvestlandske to a level which is not lower than required pursuant to Clause 13.5(d) above, the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent (as the case may be) shall without undue delay release the security constituted by the Share Pledges over the relevant shares."
(xi) Clause 15.1 litra c) shall be amended to read:
"Cross default Any of the following occurs in respect of the Issuer, Havilafjord, FjordI Nordvestlandske or Havila Ariel;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor declares any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
provided that the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above exceeds a total of NOK 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies.'*
(xii) Clause 15.1 litra e) shall be amended to read:
" Insolvency If for the Issuer, Havilafjord, FjordI Nordvestlandske or Havila Ariel
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
5

norsk lillilsmann asa
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets" (xiii) Clause 15.1 litra f) shall be amended to read:
" Creditors 'process The Issuer, Havilafjord, Fjordi Nordvestlandske or Havila Ariel has a substantial proportion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets and such event is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect."
(xiv) Clause 15.1 litra g) shall be amended to read:
" Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings The Issuer, Havilafjord, Fjordi Nordvestlandske or Havila Ariel is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Issuer, Havilafjord, Fjordi Nordvestlandske or Havila Ariel."
3. Confirmation of the Bond Agreement All other provisions o f the Bond Agreement remain in full force. The Bond Agreement and this Amendment Agreement NO 1 constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Bond Agreement.
4. Conditions precedent 4.1 This Amendment Agreement NO 1 is subject to the Bond Trustee having received the
following documents, in form and substance satisfactoiy to it:
(a) this Amendment Agreement NO 1 duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions necessary to enter into this Amendment Agreement NO 1;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of this Amendment Agreement NO 1;
(d) the Share Pledge in respect o f Havilafjord and Fjrodl Nordvestlandske duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer and Havilafjord) and perfected; and
(e) any other document as reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee.
6

norsk tillitsmann asa
5.2 When the conditions set out above are met in a manner satisfactory to the Trustee, the Trustee shall inform the Issuer in writing thereof (the "Effective Date").

5. Representations and Warranties
All representations and warranties made by the Issuer under clause 7.1 of the Bond Agreement shall be deemed repeated by signing this Amendment Agreement NO 1.
6. Governing Law
Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement NO 1 which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.
7. Additional Finance Document
This Amendment Agreement NO 1 shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Bond Agreement.
8. Commencement
The amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence at the Effective Date.

HavilaAS

M ` ........

^SA

Issuer

Bond Trustee

7

