EXECUTION VERSION
ISIN NO 001 064 082.4
SECOND AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT to
the Bond Agreement between
OSX 3 Leasing B.V. ("Issuer") and
OSX Brasil S.A. (the "Ultimate Parent")
and Nordic Trustee ASA
("Bond Trustee") on behalf of
the Bondholders in the Bond issue 13.00 per cent OSX 3 Leasing B.V. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2015
304300743 v3

2/7
This second amendment and restatement agreement (the "Second Amendment Agreement") is dated 14June____________2017 and made between:
(1) OSX 3 Leasing B.V. (a company incorporated in the Netherlands with Company No. 52977269) as issuer (the "Issuer");
(2) OSX Brasil S.A. (a company incorporated in Brazil with registration no. 09.112.685/0001-32) (the "Ultimate Parent"); and
(2) Nordic Trustee ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624 and formerly known as Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee"),
(together the "Parties").
1. BACKGROUND
1.1 The Issuer, the Bond Trustee and the Ultimate Parent are party to a bond agreement dated 15 March 2012 regarding the "13.00 per cent OSX 3 Leasing B.V. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2015" with ISIN No. 001 064 082.4 (as amended and restated on 12 September 2014) (the "Bond Agreement").
1.2 Pursuant to a summons for a Bondholders' Meeting dated 1 February 2017, the Issuer requested that certain amendments be made to the Bond Agreement and, at the time of signing of this Second Amendment Agreement, the proposed amendments have been approved by at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting.
1.3 The Ultimate Parent is a party to this Second Amendment Agreement for the purposes of expressly approving the amendment and restatement of the Bond Agreement, to which it is a party, on the conditions set out in this Second Amendment Agreement.
2. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS
In this Second Amendment Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) a term defined in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) of the Bond Agreement has the same meaning when used in this Second Amendment Agreement; and
(b) the principles of construction set out in Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Bond Agreement shall apply to this Second Amendment Agreement.
3. AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT
3.1 Amendment and restatement
With effect from the date of this Second Amendment Agreement:
(a) the Bond Agreement will be amended and restated as set out in Appendix 1 (Form o f Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement); and
(b) all references in each Finance Document to the Bond Agreement (howsoever defined therein) shall be deemed to be references to the Bond Agreement as the same may be further amended or supplemented or restated from time to time pursuant to this Second Amendment Agreement or otherwise.
304300743 v3

3/7
3.2 Continuing obligations and effect The provisions of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents shall, save as amended by this Second Amendment Agreement, continue in full force and effect.
4. FEES AND EXPENSES The provisions of Clause 14 (Fees and Expenses) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Second Amendment Agreement as if set out in full in this Second Amendment Agreement and as if references in those provisions to "this Bond Agreement" shall also include references to this Second Amendment Agreement.
5. MISCELLANEOUS 5.1 Incorporation of terms
The provisions of Clause 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Second Amendment Agreement as if set out in full in this Second Amendment Agreement and as if references in those provisions to "this Bond Agreement" are references to this Second Amendment Agreement. 5.2 Additional Finance Document This Second Amendment Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purpose of the Bond Agreement. 6. GOVERNING LAW This Second Amendment Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.
***
304300743 v3

4/7 This Second Amendment Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
OSX 3 LEASING B.V. The Bmnello Group B .

:<£fie BruneUtTGroup Holding B.V. : sole director of The Brunello Group B.V. : Nicolaas Martinus Wagenaar : sole director of The Brunello Group Holding B.V.

e: ttj/\ HULuj\(%
apc So (-| 61

Eagle Eye Ventures B.V.

: Bart Herman Heijermans : sole director of Eagle Eye Ventures B.V.

Witness

Name: ID:

Nr r ^ L ^ s z i

304300743 v3

OSX BRASIL S.A. By: Witnessed: Name: [ J R L L d t ft H f t c i C t ID: 2 A l o . S H - a Witnessec Name: ID: I Q t e + U Q - S
304300743 v3

6/7

Witnessed'' Name:
ID:
W itnessed: Name:
ID:

rthorised Signatory

304300743 v3

7/7
APPENDIX 1 (Form of Second Amended Bond Agreement)
[page intentionally blank]
304300743 v3

AGREED FORM ISIN NO 001 064 082.4
AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT between OSX 3 Leasing B.V. ("Issuer") and OSX Brasil S.A. ("Ultimate Parent") and
NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA ("Bond Trustee") on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
13.00 per cent OSX 3 Leasing B.V. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2015
304302567 v2

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. ATTACHMENT 1 ATTACHMENT 2 ATTACHMENT 3 ATTACHMENT 4 ATTACHMENT 5 ATTACHMENT 6 ATTACHMENT 7

INTERPRETATION................................................................................. 1 THE BONDS........................................................................................... 12 LISTING.................................................................................................. 13 REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER............................... 13 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS......................................... 13 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT................................................................. 14 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES....................................... 17 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY.......................................20 INTEREST.............................................................................................. 20 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION..........................21 PAYMENTS............................................................................................ 24 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS.................................................25 COVENANTS......................................................................................... 25 FEES AND EXPENSES......................................................................... 35 EVENTS OF DEFAULT......................................................................... 36 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING............................................................... 39 THE BOND TRUSTEE........................................................................... 42 MISCELLANEOUS ................................................................................ 44 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE...............................................................47 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT......................................... 49 INSURANCES..........................................................................................51 EXCESS PROCEEDS PROTOCOL.........................................................52 TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS.............................................................59 POST CLOSING INSTRUCTION........................................................... 62 OSX LEASING ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION AND.......................... 63

304302567 v2

This agreement was originally entered into on 15 March 2012, as amended and restated by a first amendment and restatement agreement dated 12 September 2014 and a second amendment and restatement agreement dated_____ 14June___________ 2017, between:
(1) OSX 3 Leasing B.V. (a company incorporated in the Netherlands with Company No. 52977269) as issuer (the "Issuer");
(2) OSX Brasil S.A. (a company incorporated in Brazil with registration no. 09.112.685/0001-32) as ultimate parent (the "Ultimate Parent"); and
(3) Nordic Trustee ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
1. INTERPRETATION
1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 2.2, 9, 10 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Acciona Attachments" means the attachments levied on behalf of Acciona Infraestructuras S.A. ("Acciona") on 12 May 2014 on certain assets of OSX Leasing.
"Acciona Dispute" means the dispute between OSX Leasing and Acciona and/or its affiliates pending on the Amendment Date and any procedures or actions relating thereto.
"Account Bank" means Citibank International Plc acting through its Netherlands branch or any other first class international bank (with minimum "A" credit rating from S&P, Moody's or Fitch or, in each case, an affiliate thereof) acting through its Netherlands branch.
"Account Pledge" means the Dutch law account pledge(s) granted by the Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee over the Key Payments Account and the Retention Account (as amended from time to time).
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Accounts" means the Escrow Account, Key Payments Account and the Retention Account.
"Adviser Fee Letter" means the letter dated 12 September 2014 between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee pursuant to which the Issuer agrees, inter alia, that the fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee's advisers fall within the scope of the Fee Agreement.
"Amendment Date" means the date on which the "Effective Date" occurs under and as defined in the first amendment and restatement agreement dated 12 September 2014 between the Issuer, the Ultimate Parent and the Bond Trustee (the "Amendment Agreement").
"Appointment Documents" means (a) the resolutions dated 12 September 2014 of the non-profit shareholder of OSX 3 Holdco, the Issuer and Issuer Parent regarding the appointment of the independent director, and of the Bond Trustee regarding the board observer of OSX Leasing.
"Approved Broker" means (as applicable) an internationally recognised investment bank and/or FPSO broker.
1
304302567 v2

"Assignment of EPCI Contract" means (as amended from time to time) the assignment of the EPCI Contract (including a direct agreement (step-in rights) with the Contractor to include, inter alia, the Contractor's consent to the security interest in respect of the EPCI Contract, and additional cure periods), all warranty rights and guarantees (including but not limited to the refund guarantee provided as security for the Issuer's claim for repayment of pre-delivery payments under the EPCI Contract) and the Issuer shall give notices and obtain consents and acknowledgements of such assignment from the Contractor and the refund guarantor.
"Assignment of Charter Contract" means (as amended from time to time) the assignment of all rights of the Issuer under the Charter Contract and Charterer Parent Guarantee, and the Issuer shall give notice to and obtain consent and acknowledgement from the Charterer and the Charterer Parent in respect of such assignment, and the Bond Trustee shall be authorized to issue a Quiet Enjoyment Letter if required by the Charterer.
"Assignment of Insurances" means (as amended from time to time) the assignment of the Issuer's rights under any Insurance (whether taken out prior to or after the Delivery Date) related to the FPSO, other than any third party liability insurance.
"Assignments of Receivables" means (as amended from time to time) the assignments by way of security from each Obligor of all loans owed to such Obligors by any Group Company and each Obligor shall give notices to and obtain acknowledgements from the Group Company in respect of each such assignment.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Attachment Lifting Date" means the date on which (a) the Acciona Attachments have been lifted by the Dutch courts or otherwise or (b) Acciona has provided a waiver of, or otherwise approved, the entry into the documents described in Clause 13.3(g)(ii) and 13.5(k) (as applicable).
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed in writing between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16 (Bondholders 'meeting).
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim against the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Norway and New York.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, payments will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2 (Call Option).
"Charterer" means OGX Petroleo e Gas S.A. - Em Recuperaqao Judicial (an entity incorporated in Brazil in accordance with the laws of the Federative Republic of Brazil and registered with the Brazilian tax authority under registered number CNPJ 08.926.302/0001-05).
2
304302567 v2

"Charter Amendment Agreement" means the charter amendment agreement between the Issuer, OSX 3 Holding B.V. and the Charterer dated 12 September 2014.
"Charter Contract" means the charter contract dated 6 March 2012 entered into between the Issuer, OSX 3 Holding B.V. and the Charterer (as amended from time to time).
"Charter Termination Agreement" means the charter termination agreement dated 12 September 2014 between the Issuer, the Charterer and the Bond Trustee, pursuant to which the Bond Trustee is permitted to terminate the Charter Contract in certain circumstances.
"Charterer Parent Guarantee" means the guarantee from the Charterer Parent in favour of the Issuer, guaranteeing the obligations of the Charterer under the Charter Contract (as amended from time to time).
"Charterer Parent" means Oleo e Gås Participacoes S.A.- Em Recupera^ao Judicial.
"Contractor" means Modec Inc.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Default" means an Event of Default or any event or circumstance specified in Clause 15 (Events o f Default) which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination under the Finance Documents or any combination of any of the foregoing) be an Event of Default.
"Delivery Date" means 19 November 2013.
"DPU" means the two modular drilling package units being built pursuant to a construction contract between OSX WHP 1&2 Leasing B.V. and Cameron Sense AS (formerly known as TTS Energy AS).
"Earnings" means all earnings payable under the Charter Contract.
"EBX Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, the Charterer Parent or the Charterer (together, the "EBX Companies"), any party or parties who has decisive influence over the EBX Companies, or any party or parties over whom the EBX Companies have decisive influence.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"EPCI Contract" means the contract for the Engineering, Procurement, Construction, Installation & Commissioning of the FPSO entered into between (i) the Issuer and (ii) the Contractor dated 15 July 2011 (as amended from time to time).
"Escrow Account" means a blocked account in the name of the Issuer, held with DNB Bank ASA, into which the net proceeds (or the gross proceeds as the case may be) of the Bonds shall be transferred.
3
304302567 v2

"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), including a waiver of any set-off rights from the bank operating the account.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Excess Proceeds" means the excess proceeds deriving from the sale or refinancing of assets that are due to be paid to the Bondholders in mandatory prepayment in accordance with the Excess Proceeds Protocol.
"Excess Proceeds Protocol" means the agreed excess proceeds protocol at Attachment 4.
"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Fee Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 14.2.
"Finance Documents" means:
(i) this Bond Agreement and the Amendment Agreement;
(ii) the Subordination Deeds;
(iii) the Fee Agreement;
(iv) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto);
(v) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Interest to the Bond Trustee;
(vi) any other document designated as a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee;
(vii) the Quiet Enjoyment Letter;
(viii) the LC Agreement;
(ix) the Charter Termination Agreement;
(x) the Adviser Fee Letter; and
(xi) any new Finance Document entered into pursuant to Clause 13.10 (Most Favoured Nation).
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:
(i) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;
(ii) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;
(iii) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease;
4
304302567 v2

(iv) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis);
(v) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP;
(vi) the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;
(vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account);
(viii) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);
(ix) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions in respect of any underlying liability; and
(x) (without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to above.
"Financial Statements" means:
(i) the unconsolidated annual audited accounts and financial statements of the Issuer; and
(ii) the consolidated and unconsolidated annual audited accounts and financial statements of the Ultimate Parent,
in each case for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the management and/or the board of directors of the relevant entity.
"Floating Charge" means an English law floating charge over all the assets of the Issuer (as amended from time to time).
"FPSO" means the FPSO OSX-3 with IMO no. 8715027.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which, as applicable for the relevant Financial Statements, the Issuer, or, as the case may be, the Ultimate Parent, is incorporated including, if applicable, IFRS and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Ultimate Parent and its Subsidiaries from time to time (including the Issuer), and a "Group Company" means the Ultimate Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (including the Issuer).
5
304302567 v2

"Group Loan" means any loan or loan stock from time to time made or, as the context may require, to be made available by any Group Company to any Obligor.
"Guarantee" means each of the unconditional on-demand guarantees (Norwegian "pakravsgarantf') from the Guarantors guaranteeing the Obligors' obligations under the Finance Documents, including but not limited to any amount (including interest and expenses) outstanding under the Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.
"Guarantor(s)" means the Ultimate Parent, the Issuer Parent, OSX 3 Holdco and OSX Leasing.
"IFRS" means generally acceptable accounting principles (as in effect from time-to-time) as set out in the statements and opinions of the International Accounting Standards Board and/or its respective successors and which are applicable in the circumstances as of the date in question.
"Independent Representative" means the independent board member (in the case of OSX 3 Holdco, the Issuer and Issuer Parent), and the board observer (in the case of OSX Leasing), each appointed pursuant to the Appointment Documents entered into in accordance with Clause 13.3(g) (Independent Representative).
"Initial Bond Loan" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 2.2.1.
"Initial Disbursement" means the first disbursement from the Escrow Account.
"Insurances" means all the insurance policies and contracts of insurance (other than third party liability cover) entered into in order to comply with the terms of Clause 13.9(b) (Insurance) which are from time to time in place or taken out or entered into by or for the benefit of the Issuer (whether in the sole name of the Issuer or in the joint names of the Issuer and any other person) and/or the Bond Trustee in respect of the FPSO or otherwise in connection with the FPSO and all benefits thereunder (including claims of whatsoever nature and return of premiums).
"Interest Payment Date" means, subject to Clause 9.1.4, 20 March, 20 June, 20 September and 20 December each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 20 March 2012.
"Issuer Parent" means OSX 3 Holding B.V., (registration no. 54610559), incorporated in the Netherlands.
"Key Payments" shall have the meaning given to it in the Excess Proceeds Protocol.
"Key Payments Account" means the blocked account held by the Issuer with the Account Bank for the purpose of servicing the Key Payments, to be funded in accordance with the terms of the Excess Proceeds Protocol.
"Key Payments Amount" shall have the meaning given to it in the Excess Proceeds Protocol.
"LC Agreement" means the letter of credit agreement between the Issuer, Charterer and Bond Trustee dated 12 September 2014.
6
304302567 v2

"Management Agreement" means any agreement (i) for management of the FPSO, (ii) the project management, (iii) the business management of the Issuer and (iv) related to the allocation of costs between the Issuer and any Group Company, in respect of (ii) above for the period up to and including the Delivery Date.
"Managers" means the managers for this Bond Issue, being Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway and DNB Markets, a part of DNB Bank ASA, Stranden 2, Aker Brygge, N-0021 Oslo, Norway.
"Mandatory Partial Prepayment Event" means any of the following events:
(i) OSX 1 and/or any of the shares in OSX 1 Leasing B.V. are sold or otherwise disposed of, and/or the OSX 1 Debt is refinanced; or
(ii) OSX 2 and/or any of the shares in OSX 2 Leasing B.V. and/or OSX 2 Holding B.V. are sold or otherwise disposed of, and/or the OSX 2 Debt is refinanced.
"Mandatory Total Prepayment Event" means any of the following events:
(i) the FPSO is sold or otherwise disposed of (subject to Clause 13.5(d) (Disposal o f business));
(ii) the Issuer's rights under the EPCI Contract are assigned, sold or disposed of;
(iii) the EPCI Contract is terminated by either party;
(iv) the Charter Contract is terminated by either party;
(v) the Issuer Parent's 100% direct ownership of the shares in the Issuer changes;
(vi) OSX 3 Holdco's 100% direct ownership of the shares in the Issuer Parent changes;
(vii) OSX Leasing's 100% direct ownership of the shares in OSX 3 Holdco B.V. changes;
(viii) the Ultimate Parent's 100% indirect ownership of the shares in the Issuer changes;
(ix) there is a Total Loss Event; or
(x) an Event of Default occurs.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(i) the financial condition or operations of the Issuer;
(ii) any of the Obligors' ability to perform and comply with any of their obligations under any Finance Document; or
(iii) the validity, legality or lawfulness of any Finance Document.
"Mortgage" means (as amended from time to time) the Liberian law mortgage over the FPSO (including all relevant equipment being legally part of the FPSO under Liberian law).
7
304302567 v2

"Maturity Date" means 20 March 2015 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement (subject to the Business Day Convention).
"Maximum Loan Amount" means US$530,000,000.
"Obligors" means the Issuer and each of the Guarantors.
"Operation Agreement" means the operation and maintenance agreement entered into between the Charterer and the Operator in respect of the operation and management of the FPSO (as amended from time to time).
"Operator" means OSX Servi^os Operacionais Ltda., a limited liability company whose registered office is situated at Pra?a Mahatma Gandhi, 14-13o. andar, Centro, Rio de Janeiro, R.J., Brazil or any other operator that is appointed to operate the FPSO in accordance with the terms of the Operation Agreement.
"OSX 1" means the FPSO OSX-1 with IMO no. 9399832.
"OSX 1 Debt" means all amounts owed by OSX 1 Leasing B.V. under or in connection with a facility agreement dated 29 September 2010, as amended from time to time, and made between, among others, (i) OSX 1 Leasing B.V. as borrower, (ii) DVB Group Merchant Bank (Asia) Ltd as facility agent and (iii) DVB Group Merchant Bank (Asia) Ltd as security agent.
"OSX 2" means the FPSO OSX-2 with IMO no. 8618217.
"OSX 2 Debt" means all amounts owed by: (1) OSX 2 Leasing B.V. under or in connection with a credit facility agreement dated 25 October 2011, as amended from time to time, and entered into between, among others, (i) OSX 2 Leasing B.V as borrower; (ii) HSBC Bank USA, National Association as facility agent, and (iii) HSBC Bank USA, National Association as security agent; and (2) OSX 2 Holding B.V. under or in connection a loan agreement dated 25 April 2012, as amended from time to time, and made between, among others, (i) OSX 2 Holding B.V. as borrower and (ii) Itau Unibanco S.A., Nassau Branch (legal successor to Banco Itau S.A., pending regulatory approval) as lender.
"OSX 3 Holdco" means OSX 3 HoldCo B.V. (registration no. 57187029), incorporated in the Netherlands.
"OSX Leasing" means OSX Leasing Group B.V., (registration no. 34366118), incorporated in the Netherlands.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Private Placement Memorandum" means the private placement memorandum dated 12 March 2012.
8
304302567 v2

"Project Documents" means:
(i) the Operation Agreement;
(ii) the Charter Contract;
(iii) the EPCI Contract;
(iv) the Charterer Parent Guarantee; and
(v) any Management Agreement.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means:
(i) the quarterly unaudited unconsolidated management accounts of the Issuer; and
(ii) the quarterly unaudited consolidated and unconsolidated management accounts of the Ultimate Parent,
as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the management and/or board of directors of the relevant entity.
"Quiet Enjoyment Letter" means (as amended from time to time) a quiet enjoyment letter to be issued by the Bond Trustee in favour of the Charterer containing a covenant stating that the Bond Trustee may not interrupt the quiet use, possession and enjoyment of the FPSO by the Charterer during the Charter Period (as such term is defined in the Charter Contract), and with a reservation that the exercise by the Bond Trustee of its rights under any Finance Document will not constitute such an interruption.
"Refinancing Process" means a multi-track process to (a) refinance in full the Bonds, (b) sell the FPSO with and subject to the Charter Contract, and/or (c) sell 100% of the shares in the Issuer with and subject to the Charter Contract, in the case of (b) or (c) to the highest and best bidder, in order that the proceeds are sufficient to repay in full the Outstanding Bonds.
"Relevant Record Date" means a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, Securities Register and the Issuer in connection with the repayment as set out in Clauses 10.2 (Call Option), 10.3 (Early Call Option) and 10.4.1 (Mandatory Redemption).
"Restricted Bondholders" means Bondholders that have entered into customary confidentiality obligations with the Bond Trustee (in a form satisfactory to the Issuer) and/or Issuer.
"Restructuring Plan" means the restructuring plan that is proposed as part of the Ultimate Parent's judicial reorganisation proceedings in Brazil.
"Retention Account" means the blocked account held by the Issuer with the Account Bank for the purpose of servicing the Bonds, to be funded in accordance with Clause 13.4 (Accounts and application of proceeds prior to an Event of Default).
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
9
304302567 v2

"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4 (Appointment o fSecurity Agent and Security Trustee).
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interest" means any Encumbrance or other security (including any guarantee or enforcement or other contractual right) created (or to be created) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf ofthe Bondholders) as security for the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Document, including but not limited to the following:
(i) the Guarantees;
(ii) the Escrow Account Pledge;
(iii) the Account Pledge;
(iv) the Floating Charge;
(v) the Share Charge;
(vi) the Assignment of EPCI Contract;
(vii) the Assignment of Insurances;
(viii) the Assignments of Receivables;
(ix) the Mortgage;
(x) the LC Agreement;
(xi) the Charter Termination Agreement; and
(xii) the Assignment of Charter Contract.
"Security Trustee" means the Bond Trustee, in its capacity as security trustee pursuant to an appointment letter dated on 27 March 2012 (as amended from time to time), unless any other legal entity is appointed as security trustee as provided for in Clause 17.4 (Appointment o f Security Agent and Security Trustee).
"Share Charge" means the share charge granted by the Issuer Parent over all of the shares (100%) in the Issuer (as amended from time to time).
"Share Premium Contribution Agreements" means the Share Premium Contribution Agreement I and the Share Premium Contribution Agreement II.
"Share Premium Contribution Agreement I" means the share premium contribution agreement dated 12 September 2014 between OSX Leasing and OSX 3 Holdco.
"Share Premium Contribution Agreement II" means the share premium contribution agreement dated 12 September 2014 between OSX Leasing, OSX 3 Holdco and the Issuer Parent.
10
304302567 v2

"Subordination Deed" means the subordination deed between the Obligors and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders) and any other Group Company that has acceded to it pursuant to Clause 13.5(i) (Subordination o f claims), providing for the total subordination of Group Loans and other monetary claims against any Obligors to the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents (including but not limited to limitations on repayment of principal, interests and any other amount (inter alia the maturity date and any interest payment date to be after all amounts outstanding under any Finance Document has been repaid), no right to accelerate for as long as the Bonds or any other amount is outstanding under any Finance Document and default restrictions) of all such claims.
"Subsequent Bond Loan" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 2.2.1.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"Techint Dispute" means the dispute between OSX Leasing and Techint Engenharia e Construqao S.A. and/or its affiliates pending on the Amendment Date and any proceedures or actions relating thereto.
"Technical Adviser" means Crondall Energy Consultants, Okeanos BV or Det Norske Veritas (or affiliates), appointed by the Issuer.
"Total Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of the FPSO.
"Transfer of Title" means the transfer of title to the FPSO from the Contractor to the Issuer.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the EBX Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16.5 (Written Resolution).
"Yard" means Jurong Shipyard in Singapore.
1.2 Construction
In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;
11
304302567 v2

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;
(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;
(f) references to obligations are subject to mandates of applicable law binding on the party obliged;
(g) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of a person or to direct the management and policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and
(h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).
2. THE BONDS
2.1 Binding nature of the Bond Agreement
2.1.1 The initial Bondholders have in the subscription agreements granted authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf, therefore the Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents. All Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement. All Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1 (The community o f Bondholders).
2.1.2 The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.
2.2 The Bonds
2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum aggregate amount equal to the Maximum Loan Amount, with an initial tranche of USD 500,000,000 (U.S. Dollar five hundred million) (the "Initial Bond Loan") and subsequent issuances of Bonds further described in Clause 2.3 (Subsequent Bond Loans) below (the "Subsequent Bond Loans"). The Issuer acknowledges that, on the date of this Bond Agreement, it is irrevocably and legally indebted to the Bondholders (represented by the Bond Trustee) for the exact, due and payable debt (divida liquida, certa e exigivel) in the principal amount of USD 512,500,000 (U.S. Dollar five hundred and twelve million and five hundred thousand), in addition to interest and other amounts due in accordance with the Bond Agreement, it being understood that all such amounts are calculated, due and payable from time to time and subject in all respects to the provisions of this Bond Agreement. The Issuer also acknowledges that the amount of the exact, due and payable debt (divida liquida, certa e exigivel) shall be increased by the Shortfall in the event of that additional Bonds are issued pursuant to Clause 9.1.5, it being understood that all such amounts are calculated, due and payable from time to time and subject in all respects to the provisions of this Bond Agreement.
12
304302567 v2

2.2.2 The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1 each and rank pari passu between themselves.
2.2.3 The Bond Issue will be described as " 13.00 per cent OSX 3 Leasing B.V. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2015".
2.2.4 The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 064 082.4.
2.2.5 The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.
2.2.6 The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred to the Escrow Account on the Issue Date.
2.2.7 Notwithstanding Clause 2.2.6 above the gross proceeds instead of the net proceeds of the Bond Issue may be transferred to the Escrow Account on the Issue Date, provided that the Issuer has granted an irrevocable and unconditional payment instruction to the Bond Trustee and DNB Bank ASA to pay out any fees and costs (including legal costs) due and owing related to the Bond Issue, as evidenced in the form of an invoice from the Managers.
2.3 Subsequent Bond Loans
2.3.1 On the date of the Amendment Agreement, the Issuer shall issue Bonds in an aggregate amount of USD 12,500,000 to the Bondholders on a pro rata basis relative to their holdings of Bonds as at the close of business on 5 September 2014.
2.3.2 All Bonds issued (whether in the Initial Bond Loan or Subsequent Bond Loans) shall form part of the Outstanding Bonds. All Subsequent Bonds will be subject to identical terms in all respects, and the rights and obligations of each party to this Bond Agreement shall apply equally to the Subsequent Bonds.
2.4 Purpose and utilization
The net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of legal costs, fees, of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall exclusively be employed (i) to partly finance the remaining payments under the EPCI Contract, (ii) in respect of other costs directly related to the construction and delivery of the FPSO (including preparation costs as budgeted for in the Private Placement Memorandum) as further described in the Private Placement Memorandum and (iii) in respect of the first five interest payments under the Bond Issue. The employment of the net proceeds from the Bonds shall be evidenced to the reasonable satisfaction of the Bond Trustee in accordance with Clause 6.2.1(b).
2.5 Ultimate Parent Guarantee
2.5.1 The Ultimate Parent agrees that the Guarantee that was entered into on 15 March 2012 between the Ultimate Parent and the Bond Trustee (the "Ultimate Parent Guarantee") remains in full force and effect (but shall be subject to any amendments that are proposed and approved by the requisite creditor threshold in the Restructuring Plan). The Ultimate Parent does not provide any new guarantee: (i) regarding the Additional Bonds issued pursuant to Clause 4.1 of the Amendment Agreement and as defined therein (the Additional Bonds now constituting part of the Outstanding Bonds); and (ii) in respect of any amounts payable in respect of interest, costs and expenses in excess of those applicable under the Original Bond Agreement (as that term is defined in the Amendment Agreement).
2.5.2 The Ultimate Parent shall include in its Restructuring Plan an approval of the ratification provision contained in Clause 2.5.1. If and when the Restructuring Plan is duly approved, the
13
304302567 v2

Ultimate Parent Guarantee shall encompass any and all obligations under this Bond Agreement, in which case the limit mentioned in Clause 2.5.1 shall cease to be in effect, provided however, that the terms of the Ultimate Parent Guarantee may be modified in order to be consistent with the terms and conditions of the Restructuring Plan of the Ultimate Parent, if applicable. If and when the Restructuring Plan is duly approved additional documentation shall be entered into at the discretion of the Bond Trustee to amend and restate the Ultimate Parent Guarantee.

2.5.3 The Ultimate Parent, the Charterer and the Charterer Parent agree to insert in their respective restructuring plans an express approval of the list of transaction documents attached at Attachment 5 to this Bond Agreement. Any amendments to the agreements listed in Attachment 5 shall be approved by the respective parties and by the Bond Trustee.

3. LISTING

3.1.1 The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on an Exchange, but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires.

3.1.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER

4.1.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register in accordance with the Securities Register Act and conditions of the Securities Register.

4.1.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes of the terms and conditions ofthis Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of any such notification.

4.1.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.

4.1.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act or elsewhere other than in Norway under the Securities Register Act.

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.1.2

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.

5.1.3 The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In the application agreement each person applying for the Bonds must confirm whether it is a "U.S. Person" as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the "US Securities Act"), and if it is a "U.S. Person" it

14
304302567 v2

must confirm, inter alia, that it is a "qualified institutional buyer" ("QIB") as defined in, and in reliance on, Rule 144A under the US Securities Act.

5.1.4

Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available).

5.1.5 For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which allegedly has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement and shall be entitled to exercise its full rights as Bondholder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1 Conditions Precedent for Issue Date

6.1.1 Issuance of the Bonds and disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) confirmation in writing from the Issuer that no Default has occurred or is likely to occur as a result of the issuance of the Bonds;

(c) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(d) in the event that the gross proceeds of the Bond Issue are greater than USD 400,000,000 but the net proceeds are less than USD 400,000,000, an irrevocable and unconditional payment instruction to the Bond Trustee and DNB Bank ASA to pay from the Escrow Account any fees and costs due and owing related to the Bond Issue;

(e) certified copies of the constitutional documents of the Issuer and Issuer Parent;

(f) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and to execute the relevant Finance Documents (including any Security Documents);

(g) a power of attorney from each of the Issuer and Issuer Parent to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of each such party;

(h) to the extent necessary, any governmental approvals, consents, waivers and/or public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(i) Financial Statements in respect of the Ultimate Parent and Quarterly Financial Reports (in respect of the Ultimate Parent and the Issuer) for Q3 2011 (YTD) and 2010 (annual);

15
304302567 v2

(j) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been or will be registered in the Securities Register;
(k) written compliance confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3, duly executed by the Issuer;
(l) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as described in Clause 2.1 (Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement) and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Managers in connection with the Bond Issue;
(m) a copy of the Project Documents (other than the Operation Agreement), duly executed by the relevant parties;
(n) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Account Bank);
(o) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer has a minimum total equity of no less than USD 222,000,000 (equalling approx. 20% of the total costs of the project as further described, and in accordance with the descriptions, in the Private Placement Memorandum), such equity to be in any form, including by way of share premium (Dutch: agio stortingen); and
(p) a legal opinion from Allen & Overy with regard to Dutch law, a legal opinion from Kincaid Mendes Vianna Advogados with regard to Brazilian law, a legal opinion from Allen & Overy with regard to English law and a legal opinion from Bugge, Arentz-Hansen & Rasmussen with regard to Norwegian law and such further statements or legal opinions as reasonably required by the Bond Trustee.
6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.1.
6.1.3 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Managers and the Paying Agent confirming that the documents listed in Clause 6.1.1 (to the extent applicable) have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
6.1.4 Subject to the conditions set out in Clause 6.1.1, and following receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.4, the Managers shall on the Issue Date transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.
6.2 Conditions Precedent for Initial Disbursement
6.2.1 Initial Disbursement is subject to the following:
(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer in the form set out in Attachment 2 hereto, confirming, inter alia, that no Default has occurred, or is likely to occur as a result of the Initial Disbursement;
(b) relevant invoices or other supporting documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.4 (Purpose and utilization);
16
304302567 v2

(c) satisfactory evidence of title to the FSPO having been transferred to the Issuer, including transcript from the relevant registry;
(d) a certificate in a form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee and signed by the Issuer and the Issuer Parent evidencing that any Group Loans to the Issuer were converted into equity as of the Issue Date;
(e) proforma balance sheet dated on the Issue Date, duly certified by a director of the Issuer, showing that the Issuer had no other Financial Indebtedness as of the Issue Date, other than Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents;
(f) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Accounts (except the Escrow Account) are opened;
(g) a certificate from the Issuer certifying that there have been no additional costs related to the delivery of the FPSO compared to the project budget as set out in the Private Placement Memorandum that are not covered by equity;
(h) the Subordination Deeds duly executed;
(i) certified copies of the constitutional documents of OSX Leasing and the Ultimate Parent;
(j) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute the Security Documents, the Guarantees and any other Finance Document (unless delivered under Clause 6.1.1);
(k) a power of attorney from OSX Leasing and the Ultimate Parent to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of each such party;
(l) a report from an insurance advisor confirming that the Insurances are in compliance with the terms set out herein;
(m) all Security Documents (except for the agreements establishing the Escrow Account Pledge) being executed and perfected in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents; and
(n) all legal opinions (including legal opinion from Seward & Kissel, or such other counsel as approved by the Bond Trustee, relating to Liberian law) related to the execution and perfection of the Security Documents have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
6.2.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.2.1.
6.3 Conditions Precedent for further disbursements from the Escrow Account
6.3.1 Any further release from the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee receiving a duly executed release notice from the Issuer in the form set out in Attachment 2 hereto, confirming, inter alia, that no Event of Default has occurred, or is likely to occur as a result, and such consent to release from the Bond Trustee shall be given as soon as reasonably practicable following notice from the Issuer, but in any event within 5 days of such notice.
17
304302567 v2

6.4 Delivery Date - additional documents
At the Delivery Date, the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond Trustee such documents as required pursuant to Clause 13.7 (Delivery).
7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:
(a) Status
The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power and authority
The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken or will take all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is or will be a party, and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
Subject to legal reservations as to matters of law referred to in the legal opinions to be delivered to the Bond Trustee, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective Obligors thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of each Obligor, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party, and the transactions contemplated thereby, do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order applicable to the Issuer under its jurisdiction of incorporation or under the jurisdiction of any of its assets; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.
(e) No event of default
No event of default exists under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorisations and consents
All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been or will at the relevant time be obtained
18
304302567 v2

and are or will be valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been or will be obtained and are or will be in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements
The most recently audited Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities
As of the date of the most recently audited Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the Quarterly Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information
All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue are correct as at the date they were provided, and there has been no change in the Issuer's financial position which could have a Material Adverse Effect.
(l) Environmental compliance
The Issuer is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) Intellectual property
The Issuer has undisputed, valid and good title to its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered) which it owns, and it has the benefit (and will exercise its rights in respect of) all of the intellectual property granted or licensed to it under the terms of the EPCI Contract.
19
304302567 v2

(n) No withholdings
The Issuer is not, as at the date of this Bond Agreement, required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(o) Pari passu ranking
The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
(p) Encumbrances
No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Obligor in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
(q) Project Documents
Each Project Document is in full force and effect, and no default or event of default has occurred with respect to any such Project Document, which has a Material Adverse Effect.
(r) Private Placement Memorandum
The contents of the Private Placement Memorandum was up-to-date, accurate and correct in all material respects when made, and no event or circumstance which has a Material Adverse Effect has occurred since the date thereof.
(s) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall enforce all its rights under the Charter Contract to ensure that the FPSO shall not be utilised in conflict with applicable laws and regulations which it is subject to from time to time.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date, on the date of Initial Disbursement and on the date of each subsequent disbursement from the Escrow Account.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to the Issue Date and each disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by the Issuer herein.
8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY
8.1 Ranking and priority
The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer and secured on first priority basis by the Security Interests and the Bonds shall otherwise rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
20
304302567 v2

8.2 The Security Documents

8.2.1 The Security Interests shall secure the Obligors' obligations under the Finance Documents, including but not limited to any amount outstanding under the Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders, interest and expenses.

8.2.2 The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents are duly executed by the Issuer and any other security provider in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and that the Security Documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect from the Issue Date or the Initial Disbursement (as applicable) throughout the tenor of the Bonds. The Issuer shall execute and procure the execution of such further documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Bondholders to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder (subject only to any restrictions imposed by applicable law and it being understood that customary limitation language will be included if so required).

8.2.3 The Finance Documents shall be (i) signed by all the relevant parties (ii) witnessed in accordance with Brazilian law requirements, (iii) all signatures which have been made outside of Brazil shall be notarised by a local notary and (iv) the signature of the local notary shall be legalised by the competent Brazilian consulate. OSX 3 shall ensure that all necessary documents for the regularisation and registration of the Finance Documents in Brazil are delivered to the Brazilian advisers to the Bond Trustee within 14 days ofthe date of the relevant Finance Document to enable the Brazilian advisers to the Bond Trustee to take the necessary steps to register the Finance Documents at the registry of deeds and documents in Brazil, on a basis satisfactory to the Bond Trustee and its advisers.

9. INTEREST

9.1.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from (and including) the Issue Date to (and including) 29 October 2013 at a fixed rate of 9.25 per cent per annum, and from (and including) 30 October 2013 at a fixed rate of 13.00 per cent per annum (in each case, the "Fixed R a te ").

9.1.2 Subject to Clauses 9.1.4 to 9.1.6 below, interest payments shall be made quarterly in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates, the first Interest Payment Date being in June 2012.

9.1.3 The Bond Trustee shall at each Interest Payment Date release an amount equivalent to the relevant interest payment from the Retention Account.

9.1.4

On the date of the Amendment Agreement, the Issuer shall invoice the Charterer for Earnings accrued from the Delivery Date in accordance with the terms of the Charter Amendment Agreement and the Charter Contract (the "First Invoice Date"). Also in accordance with the terms of the Charter Amendment Agreement and the Charter Contract, the Charterer shall pay the invoiced Earnings in accordance with a payment instruction to be sent by the Issuer to the Charterer accompanying the first invoice within three Business Days of the First Invoice Date (the "First Invoice Payment Date"). The interest payments that were due to the Bondholders on 20 December 2013, 20 March 2014 and 20 June 2014 but were not paid at that time, including default interest in accordance with clause 11.4 (together, the "Unpaid Interest") shall be paid to the Bondholders within three Business Days of the First Invoice Payment Date.

9.1.5 Provided that the First Invoice has been paid in full in accordance with the Charter Amendment Agreement and the Charter Agreement, to the extent that insufficient funds are available on the 20 September 2014 to pay the interest payable on 20 September 2014 (the "Shortfall"), the Issuer shall, on the first Business Day following the 20 September 2014 issue additional Bonds in an aggregate amount equivalent to the Shortfall to the Bondholders on a pro rata basis relative to their holdings of Bonds as at the close of business on 5 September 2014.
21

304302567 v2

9.1.6 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Maturity Date.

9.1.7

The day count fraction (the "Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months, unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).

9.1.8 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows ("Fixed Rate" being the Fixed Rate for the relevant calculation period in accordance with Clause 9.1.1 above expressed as a %):

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

10.1 Maturity

10.1.1 The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid by the Issuer at 100% of par value plus accrued and unpaid interest and any other amounts payable under the Bond Agreement (including if requested by the Bond Trustee, an account payment for the costs incurred but not yet invoiced as estimated by the Bond Trustee).

10.1.2 In the event that the Bonds are not repaid by the Issuer on the Maturity Date pursuant to Clause 10.1.1, neither the Trustee nor the Issuer shall not take any action to discharge the Bonds as registered in the Securities Register.

10.1.3 The Issuer may, at any time after the Maturity Date, redeem the Bonds at 100.00% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount and other amounts in accordance with Clause 10.1.3.

10.1.4 In the event that the Issuer elects to redeem the Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.1.3, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders the principal amount of its Bonds and (i) any accrued, but unpaid interest, accrued up to (and including) the relevant redemption date, (ii) any accrued, but unpaid default interest up to (and including) the relevant redemption date and (iii) any other amounts payable under the Bond Agreement (including, if requested by the Bond Trustee, an account payment for the costs incurred but not yet invoiced as estimated by the Bond Trustee) as determined by the Bond Trustee.

10.1.5 Bonds redeemed pursuant to Clause 10.1.3 shall not be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds and shall be delivered to the Issuer's VPS account or such other VPS account designated by the Issuer.

22
304302567 v2

10.2 Call Option
10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the entire Bond Issue (but not part of the Bond Issue) as follows (the "Call Option"):
(a) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in June 2013 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2014 at 103.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and
(b) any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2014 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at 102.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.
10.2.3 On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid amounts or interest accrued up to the settlement date.
10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
10.3 Early Call Option
10.3.1 Within the period from (and including) the date falling 21 Business Days before the Maturity Date to 15.00 p.m. (Oslo time) on the date falling 15 Business Days before the Maturity Date, provided that the Issuer has sufficient funds to effect the payment to the Bondholders contemplated under this Clause 10.3.1, the Issuer may elect to redeem the entire Bond Issue (but not part of the Bond Issue) at any time during the period from (and including) the date falling 14 Business Days before the Maturity Date to the date falling 10 Business Days before the Maturity Date (the "Early Call Redemption Period") at 100.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount and other amounts in accordance with Clause 10.3.3).
10.3.2 The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of the date (which shall fall within the Early Call Redemption Period) on which the Bonds shall be redeemed (the "Early Redemption Date"). There shall be at least one Business Day between the date of the Issuer's notice in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 above and the Early Redemption Date.
10.3.3 On the Early Redemption Date, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders the principal amount of its Bonds and (i) any unpaid interest accrued up to (and including) the Early Redemption Date, (ii) an amount equal to the amount of interest under the Bond Agreement that would have accrued up to (and including) the Maturity Date, and (iii) any other amounts payable under the Bond Agreement (including, if requested by the Bond Trustee, an account payment for costs incurred but not yet invoiced, as estimated by the Bond Trustee) as determined by the Bond Trustee.
10.3.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.3 shall not be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds and shall be delivered to the Issuer's VPS account or such other VPS account designated by the Issuer.
23
304302567 v2

10.4 Mandatory Redemption
10.4.1 Upon a Mandatory Total Prepayment Event occurring (other than a Total Loss Event), the Issuer shall (i) promptly in case an Event of Default has occurred and notified in accordance with the provisions of Clause 15 (Events o f Default), and otherwise (ii) within 30 days following the relevant Mandatory Total Prepayment Event, redeem 100% of the Outstanding Bonds at a price as follows:
(a) if occurring anytime from Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in June 2013, at a price equivalent to the sum of:
(i) the present value on the Relevant Record Date of 103.00% of the par value due on the Interest Payment Date in June 2013;
(ii) the present value on the Relevant Record Date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the Interest Payment Date in June 2013;
(iii) accrued interests on the redeemed amount,
both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the Interest Payment Date in June 2013);
(b) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in June 2013 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2014, at a price equal to 103.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
(c) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2014 to, but not including, the Maturity Date, at a price equal to 102.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount),
(for the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Total Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date the redemption is carried out).
10.4.2 Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds are available redeem 100% of the Outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amounts).
10.4.3 Upon a Mandatory Partial Prepayment Event, the Issuer shall pay or procure the payment of the Excess Proceeds to the Bondholders in mandatory redemption of the Outstanding Bonds at the prices set out in Clause 10.4.1 above. To the extent that Excess Proceeds are first paid into the Retention Account, the Bond Trustee shall apply those funds in mandatory repayment of the Bonds.
10.4.4 If the Bonds are redeemed pursuant to a Mandatory Total Prepayment Event according to this Clause 10.4, the entire amounts on the Accounts, damages and other amounts received under the Project Documents, or any insurance proceeds may be used as partly payment for the redemption.
10.4.5 The Bond Trustee and the Bondholders shall be notified by the Issuer in writing about any mandatory redemption according to this Clause 10.4, at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the settlement date of any such mandatory redemption. Subject to Clause 10.4.3 above, on the settlement date of a mandatory redemption, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders
24
304302567 v2

holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date of such mandatory redemption.
10.4.6 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
10.5 Optional Prepayment
Upon any amounts derived from the LC Agreement being paid into the Retention Account, the Bond Trustee shall be entitled (but shall not be obliged, unless so directed by a Bondholder's Meeting) to apply such amounts in prepayment of the Bonds.
11. PAYMENTS
11.1 Payment mechanics
11.1.1 The Issuer shall, through the Paying Agent, pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreements by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.
11.1.2 Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account (which may be located in any country, including Brazil) nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2 (Currency).
11.2 Currency
11.2.1 Each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange (USD) bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, in which case no Default shall arise as a direct consequence thereof and no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.
11.2.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, a Bondholder has not given such instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with that Bondholder's account in the Securities Register. The exchange into NOK does not affect the amounts payable by the Issuer hereunder, and no Default shall arise as a direct consequence thereof and no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.
11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
11.3 Set-off and counterclaims
11.3.1 The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
25
304302567 v2

11.4 Interest in the event of late payment
11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount not paid when due shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 (Interest) plus 5.00 percentage points. However, the 5.00 percentage points shall not be payable with respect to unpaid amounts for the period up to and including 20 June 2014.
11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 (Interest in the event o f late payment) shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.
11.4.3 The amounts not paid when due shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1, cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
11.5 Irregular payments
11.5.1 In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct (at no cost or additional liability to the Issuer unless (i) such irregular payments are at the request ofthe Issuer or any Obligor or (ii) a Default is pending) the Issuer/any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 (Payment mechanics) or 11.2 (Currency) above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.
12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds. Bonds owned by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13. COVENANTS
13.1 General
13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.
13.1.2 The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders' Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.
13.2 Information Covenants
13.2.1 The Issuer shall
(a) without being requested to do so, notify the Bond Trustee of any Default (and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it) promptly upon becoming aware of its occurrence (unless the Issuer is aware that a notification has already been provided by another Obligor) and without undue delay inform the Bond Trustee of any circumstances which may lead to a Default.;
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;
26
304302567 v2

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee promptly upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an "Owner Termination Event" or a "Charter Termination Event" (both as defined in the Charter Contract);
(d) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(e) without being requested to do so, produce, in respect of the Issuer, Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports and make them available on the website of the Ultimate Parent or a website relating to the Issuer in English language (in addition to sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 90 days after the end ofthe financial year in respect of its Financial Statements and 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter in respect of its Quarterly Financial Statements;
(f) up to and including the month Delivery Date occurs, provide to the Bond Trustee monthly updates on the progression of the construction of the FPSO, in a reporting form and content reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee with any applicable commentaries from the management or the board of directors of the Issuer, supported by an opinion by the Technical Adviser regarding compliance with the budget, schedule and technical specifications set out in the EPCI Contract and the Private Placement Memorandum;
(g) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the EBX Bonds;
(h) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;
(i) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register;
(j) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request;
(k) without being requested to do so, but subject to confidentiality arrangements, provide the Bond Trustee and its advisers with regular information regarding developments in the Refinancing Process;
(l) without being requested to do so, and subject only to applicable law and customary confidentiality requirements, provide the Restricted Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and its respective advisers with (i) regular, prompt, full and open access (including to all marketing materials, offeree logs, terms of contract, indication of interest letters etc.) to the sale processes with respect to OSX 1, OSX 2 and the DPU, including full access to the Approved Broker leading the process and (ii) regular, prompt, full and open access to information regarding the Acciona Dispute and the Techint Dispute; and
(m) provide the Bond Trustee with certified copies of the certificate of completion and certificate of final acceptance relating to the FPSO promptly upon such certificates being issued.
13.2.2 The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to
27
304302567 v2

otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.
13.2.3 The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1(e), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing its compliance with the covenants in Clause 13, the Ultimate Parent's compliance with the covenants set out in clause 5 of the Guarantee granted by the Ultimate Parent, the Issuer Parent's compliance with the covenants set out in clause 5 of the Guarantee granted by the Issuer Parent and OSX Leasing's compliance with the covenants set out in clause 5 of the Guarantee granted by OSX Leasing. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
13.2.4 The Bond Trustee may, and shall upon request, distribute the reports referred to in (e) and (f) above to the Bondholders and any other party requesting such reports, provided however that the Bondholders have provided coverage for the Bond Trustee's costs related to such distribution (unless covered by the Issuer).
13.3 General Covenants
(a) Pari passu ranking
The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.
(b) Security
The Issuer shall procure that all acts are performed which may be necessary to ensure that the Security Interests remain duly created, enforceable and perfected first priority security, at the expense of the Issuer or the relative security provider (as the case may be).
(c) COMI / Principal Place o fBusiness
The Issuer shall procure that each of the Obligors (save for the Ultimate Parent) shall (i) hold all in-person board meetings in the Netherlands; (ii) have a board of directors that is at least 50% Dutch resident; (iii) make all public announcements and correspondence from the Netherlands, (iv) have bank accounts that are exclusively located in the Netherlands, (v) make all payments to and from those bank accounts in the Netherlands, and (vi) maintain its registered office and a business address in the Netherlands, each with the intention that (x) the centre of main interests of each Obligor (save for the Ultimate Parent) shall be in the Netherlands, and (y) the Netherlands shall remain the exclusive jurisdiction for an insolvency of each Obligor (save for the Ultimate Parent).
(d) Project Documents
(i) The Issuer shall enforce any rights that it has to ensure that the project is to the best of its knowledge at all times operated and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents
28
304302567 v2

(e) (f) (g) (h) (i)
304302567 v2

(ii) The Charter Contract shall always be directly between the Issuer and the Charterer.
(iii) The Issuer shall not:
(A) transfer by way of assignment or otherwise dispose of (by operation of law or otherwise) any of its rights and interest under any Project Document other than as contemplated by the Bond Agreement;
(B) amend, supplement, modify or give any consent or waiver under or in connection with any Project Document or exercise any option thereunder without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee except for agreements entered into between the Issuer and the Contractor involving aggregate amounts of less than US$5 million;
(C) agree to the cancellation or termination of any Project Document or take any legal or administrative action that seeks to rescind or terminate such Project Documents without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee; or
(D) agree to or permit the assignment of any rights and interests under the Project Documents, save for as provided for under the Security Documents or the Project Documents.
Excess Proceeds
(i) The Issuer shall procure that all Excess Proceeds are paid into the Retention Account or the Key Payments Account in accordance with the terms of the Excess Proceeds Protocol.
LC Agreement
(i) The Issuer shall immediately pay any amounts that it receives pursuant to the LC Agreement into the Retention Account.
Independent Representative
(i) The Issuer shall procure that (a) the Independent Representative is appointed in accordance with the Appointment Documents and (b) each Obligor (save for the Ultimate Parent) shall (y) comply with its obligations vis-a-vis the Independent Director and (z) not seek to take any step to remove or dismiss the Independent Representative.
Adviser Fee Letter
(i) The Issuer shall (x) enter into, (y) comply with its obligations under, and (z) not take any steps to terminate, the Adviser Fee Letter.
Refinancing Process
(i) The Issuer shall, not later than the date that is 6 months prior to the Maturity Date, commence the Refinancing Process.
(ii) The Refinancing Process shall be conducted by an Approved Broker to be appointed by the Issuer.
29

(iii) The Issuer shall be obliged to accept the highest and best proposed transaction that results from the Refinancing Process which enables the prompt repayment in full ofthe Outstanding Bonds and any other amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bond Agreement.
(iv) The Refinancing Process shall be completed, and the transactions thereunder shall be consummated, on or before the Maturity Date.
(v) The Issuer shall apply the proceeds of the Refinancing Process to repay the Outstanding Bonds and any other amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bond Agreement.
(j) Acciona Attachments
(i) The Issuer shall procure that OSX Leasing shall use its best efforts to effect the Attachment Lifting Date as soon as possible.
13.4 Accounts and application of proceeds prior to an Event of Default
(a) General Account Covenants
(i) The Issuer shall open and maintain all its Accounts with an Account Bank, except for the Escrow Account which shall be maintained with DNB Bank ASA.
(b) Earnings and accounts
(i) All Earnings and any other amounts due to be paid by the Charterer to the Issuer under the Charter Contract shall be paid directly from the Charterer into the Retention Account save for the first invoice which shall be paid in accordance with Clause 9.1.4 and the Issuer shall pay the interest payments on the Interest Payment Dates from the Retention Account.
(ii) Retention Account: The Retention Account shall be blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee, and the Issuer shall not be entitled to make any withdrawals from the Retention Account.
(c) Funds on the Escrow Account
(i) Proceeds from the Initial Disbursement, in an amount equal to fifteen (15) months interest on the Bonds, shall be transferred from the Escrow Account to the Retention Account.
(ii) Additional funds may be utilised in accordance with Clause 2.4 (Purpose and utilization), subject to Clause 6.2 (Conditions Precedent for Initial Disbursement) and 6.3 (Conditions Precedent for further disbursement from the Escrow Account).
(d) Key Payments Account
(i) In accordance with the Excess Proceeds Protocol, the Key Payments Amount shall be paid into the Key Payments Account for the purposes of paying the Key Payments.
30
304302567 v2

(ii) The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to apply the funds standing to the credit of the Key Payments Account to pay the Key Payments from time to time, including but not limited to paying outstanding Key Payments invoices that have been presented to the Bond Trustee by OSX Leasing.
(iii) Upon repayment in full of all amounts due to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders under the Bond Agreement, the Bond Trustee shall instruct the Account Bank to pay any remaining funds standing to the credit of the Key Payments Account to OSX Leasing.
(e) Equity andproceeds o f Group Loans
(i) Any cash equity granted to, or proceeds of Group Loans received by, the Issuer, Issuer Parent or OSX 3 Holdco shall, save to the extent required to pay the Contractor or the premia on the Insurances, be transferred into the Retention Account and applied in accordance with (b) of this Clause 13.4.
(f) Permitted Transferfrom the Retention Account
(i) At any time, the Bond Trustee shall be entitled in its sole discretion (and upon receiving written approval from the holders of a majority of the Outstanding Bonds) to advance up to 3,200,000 (three million, two hundred thousand euro) from the Retention Account to the Issuer or otherwise, if required in order to implement the terms set out in the term sheet agreed by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee dated 14 March 2014 (the "Permitted Transfer").
(ii) If funds deriving from a Permitted Transfer are subsequently repaid or returned to, or become available to, any of the Obligors for their own use, the Issuer shall procure that such amount, provided that it is not greater than the amount of the Permitted Transfer, is, within 1 Business Day of receipt of such amount, paid into the Key Payments Account towards payments of the Key Payments Amounts and to the extent that there are no Key Payments Amounts outstanding, such funds will be treated as Leasing Group Governance Reserves (as defined in the Excess Proceeds Protocol).
13.5 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Amendment o f constitutional documents
The Issuer shall not amend its constitutional documents in a manner adverse to the Bondholders, being understood that any amendment relating to issuance of new shares to the Issuer Parent in connection with conversion of debt to equity or otherwise, provided that such new shares are subject to the Share Charge or other security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee, shall be permitted.
(b) Single-purpose company
The Issuer shall remain as a single-purpose company owning and bareboat chartering the FPSO.
(c) Continuation o fbusiness
(i) The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business.
31
304302567 v2

(ii) The Issuer shall not make any material change to the general nature or scope of its business from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(d) Disposal o f business
The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets (including but not limited to the FPSO) or operations in connection with a sale to a third party or an internal reorganisation, unless the Outstanding Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.4 (Mandatory Redemption), provided always that any such sales or disposals shall be permitted:
(i) directly in connection with any required modifications to the FPSO; and
(ii) where a material part of the FPSO is removed, provided that the part so removed is replaced promptly by a suitable part or item, which upon installation becomes the property of the Issuer and subject to a security interest in favour of the Trustee.
(e) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies
(i) The Issuer shall not engage directly or indirectly in any transaction with any Group Company (including without limitation any purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service) except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the Issuer's business and upon fair and reasonable terms customary for such transactions that are not less favourable to the Issuer than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time, and so that no payment under any such transaction may be deferred in a way that would constitute a Financial Indebtedness.
(ii) All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions.
(f) Corporate status
The Issuer shall not change its type of organisation or jurisdiction of organisation.
(g) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(h) Litigation
The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:
(i) material litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which are pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened against the Issuer; and
32
304302567 v2

(ii) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(i) Subordination o f claims
The Issuer shall procure that any claim under any Management Agreement (if applicable) or any claim against any Obligor (save for the Ultimate Parent) in respect of a Group Loan or otherwise from a Group Company is subordinated to the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents by way of accession by the relevant creditor to the Subordination Deed and that the relevant creditor (if an Obligor) also accedes to the Assignment of Receivables.
(j) Manuals and technical recordsfrom the Operator
The Issuer shall procure that the Operator will on or prior to the Delivery Date covenant to the Bond Trustee that, following an enforcement of the Mortgage, it will on demand hand over all manuals and technical records in respect ofthe FPSO to the Bond Trustee.
(k) Amendment o fArticles
The Issuer shall procure that by no later than 30 September 2014, the shareholder of OSX Leasing shall resolve to amend the articles of association of OSX Leasing and the management board of OSX Leasing shall enter into a deed of amendment to the articles of association of OSX Leasing substantially in the form attached at Attachment 7(A).
13.6 Timing of Transfer of Title
The Issuer shall ensure that the Transfer of Title takes place as soon as possible pursuant to the terms of the EPCI Contract.
13.7 Delivery
(a) On Delivery Date
On the Delivery Date, the Issuer shall:
(i) provide evidence that all relevant Insurances have been taken out in accordance with the terms set out herein, including a report from an insurance advisor confirming that the Insurances are in compliance with the terms set out herein;
(ii) provide the Bond Trustee with certified copies of customary delivery documents and any other delivery document reasonably required by the Bond Trustee; and
(iii) provide evidence of compliance with the requirements of Clause 13.5(j) (Manuals and technical recordsfrom the Operator).
13.8 Preservation of equity, Security Interests and Financial Covenants
The Issuer shall not:
(a) declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other capital distribution to its shareholders (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any shares issued by any party); 33
304302567 v2

(b) create or permit to subsist any Encumbrance over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for:
(i) any Encumbrance contemplated by the Finance Documents;
(ii) any Encumbrance arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business or operation of the FPSO (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services);
(iii) any ship repairer's or outfitter's possessory lien in respect of the FPSO;
(iv) any lien on the FPSO for master's, officer's or crew's wages outstanding in the ordinary course of its trading which are not overdue;
(v) any lien on the FPSO for salvage; or
(vi) any contractor or subcontractor's possessory lien,
provided that security provided in connection with a refinancing of the Bonds (all or nothing) where security must be provided for technical reasons before the Bonds have been redeemed shall be permitted;
(c) incur or permit to remain outstanding, any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue;
(ii) any Group Loans, provided that any such Group Loan(s) is subject to, and subordinated in accordance with the terms of, the Subordination Deeds and that the lender (if an Obligor) has entered into the Assignment of Receivables; and
(iii) Financial Indebtedness in respect of any refinancing of all the Bonds where such Financial Indebtedness arises prior to the redemption of the Bonds for the express purpose of, inter alia, redeeming the Bonds in full.
(d) grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance or support to any Group Company and/or any third party, except for unsecured guarantees issued to third parties in the ordinary course of business (including guarantees, relating to employment of the FPSO);
(e) make any other financial arrangement concerning the FPSO and its employment (other than as expressly permitted under the Finance Documents), which is likely to have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bond Agreement;
(f) make any other (non-financial) arrangements concerning the FPSO and its employment (other than as expressly permitted under the Finance Documents), which is likely to have an Material Adverse Effect; or
(g) make any investments or capital expenditures, other than:
(i) acquisitions of assets in the ordinary course of business relating to the construction and employment of the FPSO and which are contemplated by the project budget (as set out in the Private Placement Memorandum); and
34
304302567 v2

(ii) investments or capital expenditures solely related to the ownership in and operation of the FPSO provided, in each case, that to the extent not contemplated by the project budget, such investments or capital expenditures are fully pre-funded by equity or any Group Loans and that any such Group Loans are subject to, and subordinated in accordance with the terms of a Subordination Deed.
13.9 FPSO Covenants
(a) Maintenance
The Issuer shall enforce any rights that it may have to ensure that the project is to the best of its knowledge at all times operated and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents and appropriate industry standards, and shall ensure that all technical and operational management of the FPSO shall be carried out by the Charterer and the Operator and in accordance with industry standards applied by FPSO operators operating offshore Brazil.
(b) Insurance
(i) The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of insurance of the FPSO and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times as set out in Attachment 3.
(ii) The Issuer shall exercise its rights under the Project Documents in order that the FPSO is properly maintained according to any pre-agreed maintenance system.
(iii) The Insurances, and any loss payable clause issued in respect of the Insurances or similar provisions therein, shall be in accordance with the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan, latest version (as amended from time to time) or on London Terms or other insurance plan with at least equally favourable terms (in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer).
(iv) The Issuer shall procure that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) is noted as first priority mortgagee in the insurance contracts, together with the confirmation from the underwriters to the Bond Trustee that the notice of assignment with regards to the Insurances and the loss payable clauses are noted in the insurance contracts and that standard letters of undertaking confirming this are executed by the insurers.
(v) The Issuer shall effect (and the Bond Trustee may effect, at the Issuer's expense), for the exclusive benefit of the Bondholders, a mortgagees' interest insurance for an amount equal to at least 120% of the amounts under the Outstanding Bonds.
(vi) The Issuer shall exercise its rights under the Project Documents to require that the FPSO is always employed in conformity with the terms of the instruments of the Insurances (including any warranties expressed or implied therein) and comply with such requirements as to extra premium or otherwise as the insurers may prescribe.
35
304302567 v2

(c) Title
From Initial Disbursement, the Issuer will hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in the FPSO and the Insurances taken out in respect of the FPSO and assigned to the Bond Trustee, free of any and all Encumbrances except for those expressly permitted under this Bond Agreement.
(d) Class, flag, name, registry
From the Delivery Date the Issuer shall ensure that the FPSO maintains its class, flag and name, and that it remains registered in Liberia.
(e) Operations in accordance with laws etc.
The Issuer shall at all times exercise its rights under the Project Documents to require that the FPSO is operated in accordance with any laws, regulations, administrative decisions and/or other public authorities as applicable from time to time and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
(f) Inspection o f the FPSO
Upon the request of, and with thirty (30) days prior notice from, the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall allow for a technical adviser appointed by the Bond Trustee to undertake during normal business hours a technical inspection of the FPSO, provided that such inspections are without interference to the daily operation of the FPSO. Such inspections shall be at the expense of the Issuer.
13.10 Most Favoured Nation
If at any time any bond or loan agreement, security document, guarantee, indemnity or other finance document is entered into between or by OSX Leasing (as debtor or obligor or similar) in favour of Credit Suisse AG Nassau Branch or any of its affiliates, which contains or results in any covenant, security or guarantee, event of default, other financial protection, right to payment, or any other financial treatment that would in any respect be more beneficial to Credit Suisse AG Nassau Branch or any of its affiliates, than the provisions contained in the Finance Documents are to Bond Trustee and the Bondholders as creditors of OSX Leasing, then the Issuer shall immediately notify the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and shall make available for the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders an immediate amendment of the Finance Documents (or enter into a new Finance Document) so that the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders are placed in a position which is equivalent or preferential to such improved position of Credit Suisse AG Nassau Branch or any of its affiliates. This Clause 13.10 shall not limit the rights of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders under the other provisions of this Bond Agreement.
14. FEES AND EXPENSES
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (as amended from time to time) which is hereby designated as a Finance Document (the "Fee Agreement") and in the Adviser Fee Letter. Fees and expenses payable to
36
304302567 v2

the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee may withdraw or withhold funds from any Account or withhold from other funds received from or paid by the Issuer or any other person to set off and cover its fees and expenses that are subject to the Fee Agreement and Adviser Fee Letter, subject to the terms thereof. Without limiting the Bond Trustee's rights that otherwise arise, the Issuer acknowledges that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall be entitled to retain legal and financial advisers until the Bonds have been redeemed in full and that until such date, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay the documented fees, costs and expenses of such advisers, in accordance with the terms of the Fee Agreement and Adviser Fee Letter.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in the Netherlands accruing in connection with issuance ofthe Bonds or any of the Finance Documents (including the Security Documents), but not in respect of trading of the Bonds in the secondary market. The Issuer is responsible for, and shall deduct before payment to the bondholders at source, any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.
14.6 Whether or not there is an Event of Default which is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall be entitled (but not obliged) to apply funds standing to the credit of the Retention Account (by sending an instruction to the Account Bank in substantially the same form as is attached at Attachment 6) to satisfy outstanding invoices relating to expenses and fees that fall within the scope of the Fee Agreement and/or the Adviser Fee Agreement but have not been paid by the Issuer.
14.7 To the extent that the Bond Trustee deducts amounts from the Retention Account in excess of $3,843,456.20 (the "Original Retention Moneys") after (and including) 30 October 2013 with respect to its fees, costs and expenses, then (a) the Bond Trustee shall inform the Issuer that deductions have been made in excess of the Original Retention Moneys (the "Excess Deductions") and shall keep the Issuer informed on a monthly basis of the Excess Deductions that have been made, and (b) the Issuer shall, within 3 Business Days of written demand(s) from the Bond Trustee from time to time, pay in cash an equivalent amount to the Excess Deductions into the Retention Account.
15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (each of which being an "Event of Default") if:
(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless (i) (x) it is caused by a technical or administrative error or in the opinion of the Bond Trustee it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and (y) payment in full is received, within 5 - five - Business Days following the original due date or (ii) it is a Shortfall addressed by the provisions of Clause 9.1.5.
37
304302567 v2

(b) (c)
(d)
304302567 v2

Breach o f other obligations
(i) The Issuer or any Obligor fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document (including the Security Documents and the Guarantees);
(ii) the Charterer fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to the Charter Contract;
(iii) an "Owner Termination Event" (as defined in the Charter Contract) occurs;
(iv) the Charter Contract is terminated (for whatever reason); or
(v) the Charterer Parent (for so long as the Charterer Parent Guarantee is in full force and effect in accordance with its terms) fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to the Charterer Parent Guarantee,
unless, the failure to comply is capable of remedy and is remedied within 15 - fifteen Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee. This grace period shall not apply to a breach of the covenants referred to in Clause 15.1(o) below.
Cross default
If for any Obligor, the Charterer or the Charterer Parent, provided the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds the following thresholds: (a) for the Issuer or the Issuer Parent, a total of USD 3,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, (b) for OSX Leasing a total of USD 15,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, (c) for the Ultimate Parent, a total of USD 30,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, (d) for the Charterer, the greater of USD 10,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies or 5% of its net equity, and (e) for the Charterer Parent (for so long as the Charterer Parent Guarantee is in place), a total of USD 60,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(ii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iii) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness is due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
unless such cross default is capable of remedy and is remedied within 15 - fifteen -Business Days of such cross default occurring.
Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement, any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made, unless such
38

misrepresentation, warranty or statement is capable of remedy and is remedied within 15 (fifteen) Business Days after notice is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(e) Insolvency
In the event of, for any Obligor, the Charterer or the Charterer Parent (for so long as the Charterer Parent Guarantee is in place), any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's or any of the Guarantors' ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder or any of the Charterer's or Charterer Parent's ability to perform its payment obligations under the Charter Contract or Charterer Parent Guarantee (as the case may be);
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
This Clause 15.1(e) shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 35 Business Days of commencement.
(f) Creditors 'process
Any Obligor has a substantial proportion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets and in each case which is not discharged within 10 Business Days of such event occurring.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings
Any Obligor is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Obligor.
(h) Litigation
There is pending any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company which is a party to a Project Document or any Obligor, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Clause 15.1(h) shall not apply to any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which are frivolous or vexatious and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 35 Business Days of commencement.
39
304302567 v2

(i) Material Adverse Effect
Any event or series of events occurs in relation to any Obligor which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Repudiation
Any Obligor repudiates this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document, or evidences an intention to repudiate this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document.
(k) Corporate Governance
Any Obligor or any other person (i) seeks to or takes any steps to remove or dismiss the Independent Representative, (ii) seeks to or takes any action to terminate an Appointment Document without the consent of the Bond Trustee, or (iii) fails in any way to comply with any terms of the articles of association of the relevant entity in respect of the "Reserved Matters" (as defined therein).
(l) Independent Representative's Fees
The Independent Representative's fees are not paid in full within 30 days of them becoming due in accordance with the Appointment Documents.
(m) Insurances
If the Issuer has not, by 1 October 2014, provided evidence to the Bond Trustee (in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee and its advisers) that sufficient funds are in an escrow account to pay all premia that are due and payable on Insurances between 1 October 2014 and the Maturity Date.
(n) OSXLeasing Governance Reserve
If OSX Leasing fails to provide the directors' certificate as required under Clause 5 of the Excess Proceeds Protocol, or if OSX Leasing applies the Leasing Group Governance Reserve (as defined in the Excess Proceeds Protocol) in breach of its obligations under the Finance Documents.
(o) Corporate Covenants
If the articles of association of OSX Leasing have not been amended by 30 September 2014 in accordance with Clause 13.5(k) (Amendment o fArticles).
(p) Effective Time under the Share Premium Contribution Agreements
If, within 3 Business Days of the Attachment Lifting Date, the Effective Time (as defined in the Share Premium Contribution Agreement I and the Share Premium Contribution Agreement II (as applicable)) has not occurred under the Share Premium Contribution Agreements.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
40
304302567 v2

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions; or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2 (Call Option).
16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting
16.1.1 The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders' community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval ofthe Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.
16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings
16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Issuer;
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Bonds;
(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or
(d) the Bond Trustee.
16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.
41
304302567 v2

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 5 - five - Business Days after having received such a request or if all the Bonds issued are held by a sole bondholder (measured one day prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting), within - 2 - two Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.
16.2.4 Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 5 - five - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting, or if all the Bonds issued are held by a sole bondholder (measured one day prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting), no later than 2 two - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication (if listed).
16.2.5 The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.
16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.
16.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.2.9 Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.
16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.
16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.
16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' meetings
16.3.1 At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting
42
304302567 v2

shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the EBX Bonds. The EBX Bonds shall not have any voting rights.
16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.
16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4 (RepeatedBondholders 'meeting). Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.
16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.
16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:
(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer); or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.
16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.
16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
16.4.1 If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.
16.5 Written Resolutions
16.5.1 Subject to the provisions in this Bond Agreement, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders ' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the requisite majority is as valid as if it has been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
16.5.2 The person(s) requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
43
304302567 v2

16.5.3 The summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via a press release.
16.5.4 The provisions set out in Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting), 16.2 (Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings), Clause 16.3 (Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'Meetings) and Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders 'Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:
(a) the provisions set out in Clause 16.2.8, 16.2.9, 16.2.10 and 16.2.11; or
(b) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 16.5 (Written Resolution), shall not apply to a Written Resolution.
16.5.5 The summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(a) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(b) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be at least five (5) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons.
16.5.6 Only Bondholders holding Voting Bonds registered with the Securities Depository on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee, will be counted in the Written Resolution. The "Relevant Record Date" means for the purpose of this paragraph: (A) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons has been published; or (B) if the requisite majority in the opinion ofthe Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (A) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
16.5.7 A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in Clause 16.3.4 or Clause 16.3.5 (Resolution passed at Bondholders'Meeting) or Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient number of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
16.5.8 The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the requisite maj ority being achieved.
16.5.9 If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in Clause 16.3 (Resolutions passed at Bondholders'Meeting) and Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders'Meeting).
44
304302567 v2

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE
17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
17.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision oftimely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.
17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.
17.1.3 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
17.1.4 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.
17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to this Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.
17.2 Liability and indemnity
17.2.1 The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.
17.2.2 The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil
45
304302567 v2

its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.
17.3 Change of Bond Trustee
17.3.1 Subject to the prior written consent of the Issuer, change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16 (Bondholders ' meeting). The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
17.3.2 The fees and expenses of a new Bond Trustee (as agreed between such new Bond Trustee and the Issuer) shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14 (Fees and expenses), but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.
17.4 Appointment of Security Agent and Security Trustee
17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or Security Trustee (as the case may be) or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent or Security Trustee (on terms no more onerous to the Issuer than what would be the case if the Bond Trustee acted as Security Agent or Security Trustee) for the Bond Issue. Each of the Bondholders appoints the Security Agent to act as its attorney in fact and agent to execute an appointment letter appointing the Bond Trustee or any other Security Agent appoint in accordance with this Clause 17.4 to act as security trustee on behalf of the Bondholders.
17.4.2 The main functions of the Security Agent and Security Trustee may include holding Security Interests on behalf of or in trust for, the Bondholders, as the case may be, and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.
17.4.3 Before the appointment of a Security Agent or Security Trustee other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent or Security Trustee, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
17.4.4 The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent and Security Trustee may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent or Security Trustee (as the case may be), which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.
17.4.5 Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent or Security Trustee shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.
17.4.6 If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent or the Security Trustee (as the case may be), any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent or the Security Trustee is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on
46
304302567 v2

behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders
18.1.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders;
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register; and
(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;
(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement;
(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and
(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Application of proceeds following an Event of Default
18.2.1 On receipt of monies from the enforcement of any Security Document, insurance proceeds or otherwise, as the case may be, such proceeds or monies shall be applied as follows and in the order mentioned:
(a) firstly; in respect of all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred by the Bond Trustee, and the Issuer will indemnify the Bond Trustee for all costs and expenses in any event (the "Trustee Expenses");
(b) secondly; in or towards payment of all sums outstanding pursuant to the Finance Documents; and
(c) finally; the balance (if any), shall be paid to the Issuer.
18.3 Limitation of claims
18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.
47
304302567 v2

18.4 Access to information
18.4.1 The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.
18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.
18.5 Amendments
18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of the Parties.
18.6 Notices, contact information
18.6.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.
18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.
18.6.3 The Issuer, the Ultimate Parent and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue
18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue, except, in relation to disputes arising out of Clause 2.5 only, if otherwise mandatorily required with regard to the Ultimate Parent's judicial reorganisation.
This Clause 18.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.
18.7.2 The Parties agree that for the purposes of Brazilian law, each Finance Document shall be construed as an executory instrument (titulo executive extrajudicial) according to the terms of Article 585, item II of the Brazilian Code of Civil Procedure and each and every obligation assumed by the Obligors shall be subject to an enforcement action (agao executiva).
48
304302567 v2

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer, the Ultimate Parent and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

Bond Trustee

By: Position:

By: Position:

Witness: Name and ID:

Witness: Name and ID:

Ultimate Parent

By: Position:

Witness: Name and ID:

49
304302567 v2

Attachment 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[·]
Dear Sirs, 9.25 PER CENT OSX 3 LEASING B.V. SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2012/2015 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD]. Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement. With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that: 1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you; 2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied; 3. the covenants set out in clause 5 of each of theGuarantees granted by each of the Ultimate Parent, the Issuer Parent and OSX Leasing respectively are satisfied; 4. all relevant Security Interest is established in accordancewith the Bond Agreement; and 5. the following Group Loans are outstanding: b) [amount, creditor] Copies of latest nonconsolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts of the Issuer are enclosed. Yours faithfully,
50
304302567 v2

OSX 3 Leasing B.V.
Name o fauthorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]
51
304302567 v2

Attachment 2
RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[·]
Dear Sirs, 9.25 PER CENT OSX 3 LEASING B.V. SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2012/2015 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer. Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement. We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount. We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes a Default, and that (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof. Yours faithfully,
OSX 3 Leasing B.V.
Name o f authorized person
52
304302567 v2

***

Representations and warranties from the Guarantors

We refer to the Guarantees issued in connection with the above mentioned Bond Agreement and Bond Issue.

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur as a result of the disbursement requested above which constitutes an Event of Default, and that (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Guarantees as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

as Ultimate Parent OSX Brasil S.A.

as OSX Leasing OSX Leasing Group B.V.

as Issuer Parent OSX 3 Holding B.V.

Name o f authorizedperson
as OSX 3 Holdco OSX 3 Holdco B.V.

Name o fauthorized person

Name o fauthorized person

Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

53
304302567 v2

Attachment 3 Insurances before the Delivery Date Construction All Risk (CAR) - in place since arrival ofthe hull to be converted into the OSX-3 FPSO at the Jurong Shipyard Hull & Machinery - from Provisional Completion Protection & Indemnity (P&I) - from transfer of title to the OSX-3 FPSO to the Issuer Insurances after the Delivery Date Hull and machinery insurance against fire and usual marine risks (including excess liabilities) War and usual dispossession risks (including war protection and indemnity risks and terrorism risks) Protection and indemnity risks (including pollution liability risks) for the highest amount customarily available in the market for vessels of similar age, size and type as the OSX-3 FPSO (but in relation to liability for oil pollution, for an amount not less than seven hundred and fifty million Dollars (USD 750,000,000) in a protection and indemnity association or club, which is a member of the `International Group of P&I Clubs' All other insurances which are required by applicable law and/or international market practice for the operation of the OSX-3 FPSO
54
304302567 v2

Attachment 4
Excess Proceeds Protocol
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 The purpose of this protocol (the "Excess Proceeds Protocol") is to set out an agreed framework for the distribution of excess proceeds from the sale of certain assets within OSX Leasing Group B.V. ("OSX Leasing").
1.2 Defined terms used herein has the same meaning as set out below:
"Account Bank" means Citibank International Plc acting through its Netherlands branch or any other first class international bank (with minimum "A" credit rating from S&P, Moody's or Fitch or, in each case, an affiliate thereof) acting through its Netherlands branch.
"Additional Bonds" means Bonds that are issued pursuant to Clause 9.1.5 of the Bond Agreement.
"Assets" means, together, OSX 1, OSX 2, DPU, OSX 1 Shares and OSX 2 Shares.
"Bond Agreement" means the bond agreement dated 15 March 2012 (as amended from time to time).
"Bondholders" means the holders of the Bonds.
"Bonds" means the 13.00% senior secured callable bond issue 2012/2015 issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Agreement.
"Bond Trustee" means Nordic Trustee ASA in its capacity as bond trustee under the Bond Agreement.
"Credit Suisse" means Credit Suisse Brazil (Bahamas) Limited.
"Credit Suisse Agreements" means, together, the Credit Suisse March Agreement and the Credit Suisse June Agreement, including in each case any ancillary finance documents.
"Credit Suisse June Agreement" means the credit agreement between, amongst others, Credit Suisse and OSX Leasing dated 18 June 2012 (as amended from time to time).
"Credit Suisse June Loan" means the outstanding loan owed to Credit Suisse by OSX Leasing pursuant to the Credit Suisse June Agreement.
"Credit Suisse Loans" means, together, the Credit Suisse March Loan and the Credit Suisse June Loan.
"Credit Suisse March Agreement" means the credit agreement between, amongst others, Credit Suisse and OSX Leasing dated 15 March 2012 (as amended from time to time).
"Credit Suisse March Loan" means the outstanding loan owed to Credit Suisse by OSX Leasing pursuant to the Credit Suisse March Agreement.
55
304302567 v2

"Credit Suisse Security Document" means the DPUs security agreement between OSX Leasing Group B.V. and Credit Suisse Brazil (Bahamas) Limited, as agent for certain secured parties described therein dated December 2013.
"DPU" means the two modular drilling package units being built pursuant to a construction contract between OSX WHP 1 & 2 Leasing BV and Cameron Sense AS (f/k/a TTS Energy AS).
"DPU Trigger Event" has the meaning given to it in Clause 3.3.
"EPCI Contract" means the contract for the Engineering, Procurement, Construction, Installation & Commissioning of the FPSO entered into between (i) the Issuer and (ii) Modec, Inc dated 15 July 2011 (as amended from time to time).
"FPSO" means the FPSO OSX-3 with IMO no. 8715027.
"Insurances" means all the insurance policies and contracts of insurance (other than third party liability cover) entered into by or for the benefit of the Issuer and/or the Bond Trustee in respect of the FPSO in order to comply with the terms of the Bond Agreement.
"Issuer" means OSX 3 Leasing B.V.
"Itau Loan" means Loan Agreement Nr. 20.41.24/AGE451504/1 dated as of April 25, 2012 among OSX 2 Holding B.V. as borrower, Centennial Asset Brazil Equity Fund LLC and Centennial Asset Mining Fund LLC as guarantors and Itau Unibanco S.A., Nassau Branch (legal successor to Banco Itau BBA S.A., pending regulatory approval) as lender.
"Itau Security Document" means the pledge agreement dated December 20, 2013 between OSX Leasing Group B.V. and Itau Unibanco S.A., Nassau Branch (legal successor to Banco Itau BBA S.A., pending regulatory approval), as amended.
"Key Payments Account" means the blocked account held by the Issuer with the Account Bank for the purpose of servicing the Key Payment Amount, to be funded in accordance with the terms of this Excess Proceeds Protocol.
"Key Payments Amount" has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1.
"Modec Debt" means an amount of up to US$19m owed to Modec, Inc pursuant to the EPCI Contract.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds of a relevant sale or refinancing after payment in full of any applicable taxes, fees (including broker fees) and expenses relating to the sale or refinancing.
"OSX Leasing Governance Reserve" means, at any time, US$2m less the aggregate of the amounts previously retained under Clause 3.1(d), 3.2(d) and/or 3.3(e) (as the case may be), to be retained by OSX Leasing and applied to fund corporate governance costs incurred by OSX Leasing and its subsidiaries.
"OSX Leasing Guarantee" means the unconditional on demand guarantee dated 15 March 2012 (as amended from time to time) from OSX Leasing guaranteeing the Obligors' financial obligations under the Finance Documents, including but not limited to any amount (including interest and expenses) outstanding under the Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.
"OSX Leasing Full Retention Amount" means US$26.6m less the Retained Amount.
56
304302567 v2

"OSX Leasing Partial Retention Amount" means US$10m less the Retained Amount.
"OSX 1" means the FPSO OSX-1 with IMO no. 9399832.
"OSX 2" means the FPSO OSX-2 with IMO no. 8618217.
"OSX 1 Debt" means all amounts owed by OSX 1 Leasing B.V. under or in connection with a facility agreement dated 29 September 2010, as amended from time to time, and made between, among others, (i) OSX 1 Leasing B.V. as borrower, (ii) DVB Group Merchant Bank (Asia) Ltd as facility agent and (iii) DVB Group Merchant Bank (Asia) Ltd as security agent.
"OSX 2 Debt" means all amounts owed by: (1) OSX 2 Leasing B.V. under or in connection with a credit facility agreement dated 25 October 2011, as amended from time to time, and entered into between, among others, (i) OSX 2 Leasing B.V as borrower; (ii) HSBC Bank USA, National Association as facility agent, and (iii) HSBC Bank USA, National Association as security agent; and (2) OSX 2 Holding B.V. under or in connection a loan agreement dated 25 April 2012, as amended from time to time, and made between, among others, (i) OSX 2 Holding B.V. as borrower and (ii) Itau Unibanco S.A., Nassau Branch (legal successor to Banco Itau S.A., pending regulatory approval) as lender.
"OSX 1 Shares" means any of the shares in OSX 1 Leasing B.V.
"OSX 2 Shares" means any of the shares in OSX 2 Holding B.V., or any of the Shares in OSX 2 Leasing B.V.
"OSX 1 Trigger Event" has the meaning given to it in Clause 3.1.
"OSX 2 Trigger Event" has the meaning given to it in Clause 3.2.
"Outstanding Key Payments Amount" means, at any time, the Key Payments Amount less the aggregate of the amounts previously paid in accordance with Clause 3.1(c), 3.2(c) and/or 3.3(d) at that time.
"Refinancing Debt" means financing raised by OSX Brasil S.A. and its subsidiaries which involves the grant of security over the DPU.
"Retained Amount" means, at any time, the aggregate of the amounts which, up to that time, have been retained or applied by OSX Leasing under Clauses 3.1(f), 3.1(g)(i), 3.2(f), 3.2(g)(i) and/or 3.3(g).
"Retention Account" means the blocked account held by the Issuer with the Account Bank for the purpose of servicing the Bonds in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement.
"Shortfall" means the amount by which there are insufficient funds in the Retention Account on 20 September 2014 to pay the interest payment due to the Bondholders on 20 September 2014 under the Bond Agreement.
"Trigger Event" means an OSX 1 Trigger Event, an OSX 2 Trigger Event or a DPU Trigger Event.
1.3 In this Excess Proceeds Protocol, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; and
57
304302567 v2

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Excess Proceeds Protocol.
2. BACKGROUND
2.1 OSX Leasing is the direct or indirect owner of the Assets.
2.2 Pursuant to the OSX Leasing Guarantee, OSX Leasing is a guarantor of the Bonds.
2.3 Pursuant to the Credit Suisse Agreements, OSX Leasing is obliged to repay the Credit Suisse Loans in full from the sale proceeds of OSX 1.
2.4 Pursuant to the Credit Suisse Agreements, OSX Leasing is obliged to repay US$2.1m of the Credit Suisse March Loan from the sale proceeds of OSX 2.
2.5 Pursuant to (and subject to the terms of) the Credit Suisse Security Document, OSX Leasing is obliged to repay up to US$17.5m ofthe Credit Suisse Loans from the sale proceeds of the DPU.
2.6 Pursuant to (and subject to the terms of) the Itau Security Document, OSX Leasing is obliged to repay up to US$10m of the Itau Loan from the sale proceeds of the DPU.
2.7 Pursuant to the Bond Agreement and the OSX Leasing Guarantee, OSX Leasing is obliged to pay the Key Payments Amount into the Key Payments Account from the sale proceeds of the Assets, in accordance with this Excess Proceeds Protocol.
2.8 The relevant parties have agreed the terms of this Excess Proceeds Protocol in order to determine the distribution of the relevant sale proceeds upon the occurrence of one or more Trigger Events.
3. EXCESS PROCEEDS WATERFALLS
OSX 1 Waterfall
3.1 If either OSX 1 or the OSX 1 Shares are sold or otherwise disposed of, or the OSX 1 Debt is refinanced (in each case, an "OSX 1 Trigger Event"), the Net Proceeds of the OSX 1 Trigger Event shall be applied by OSX Leasing Group and its subsidiaries so as to give effect to the following order, to the extent that the relevant amounts remain outstanding:
(a) Repayment of the OSX 1 Debt; then
(b) Repayment of the Credit Suisse Loans; then
(c) Payment of the Outstanding Key Payments Amount in accordance with Clause 6; then
(d) Retention by OSX Leasing of the OSX Leasing Governance Reserve; then
(e) Repayment of the Modec Debt; then
(f) Retention by OSX Leasing of the applicable OSX Leasing Partial Retention Amount; then/or
(g) The balance shall be applied in equal proportions (i.e. on a 50/50 basis) as follows:
(i) Retention by OSX Leasing of the applicable OSX Leasing Full Retention Amount; and
58
304302567 v2

(ii) Payment to the Retention Account to be applied in mandatory prepayment of the Bonds in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement; then/or
(h) Payment to the Retention Account to be applied in mandatory prepayment of the Bonds in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement.
OSX 2 Waterfall
3.2 If either OSX 2 or the OSX 2 Shares are sold or otherwise disposed of, or the OSX 2 Debt is substantially or fully refinanced (in each case, an "OSX 2 Trigger Event"), the Net Proceeds of the OSX 2 Trigger Event shall be applied by OSX Leasing Group and its subsidiaries so as to give effect to the following order, to the extent that the relevant amounts remain outstanding:
(a) Repayment of the OSX 2 Debt; then
(b) Repayment of US$2.1m of the Credit Suisse March Loan; then
(c) Payment of the Outstanding Key Payments Amount in accordance with Clause 6; then
(d) Retention by OSX Leasing of the OSX Leasing Governance Reserve; then
(e) Repayment of the Modec Debt; then
(f) Retention by OSX Leasing of the applicable OSX Leasing Partial Retention Amount; then/or
(g) The balance shall be applied in equal proportions (i.e. on a 50/50 basis) as follows:
(i) Retention by OSX Leasing of the applicable OSX Leasing Full Retention Amount; and
(ii) Payment to the Retention Account to be applied in mandatory prepayment of the Bonds in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement; then/or
(h) Payment to the Retention Account to be applied in mandatory prepayment of the Bonds in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement.
DPU Waterfall
3.3 If the DPU is sold or otherwise disposed of (a "DPU Trigger Event"), the Net Proceeds of the DPU Trigger Event shall be applied by OSX Leasing Group and its subsidiaries so as to give effect to the following order, to the extent that the relevant amounts remain outstanding:
(a) Repayment of US$17.5m of the Credit Suisse Loans; then
(b) Repayment of US$10m of the Itau Loan; then
(c) (i) Repayment of the Modec Debt, and (ii) payment into the Retention Account of an amount, to be applied in mandatory prepayment of the Bonds in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement, ("Catch-Up Prepayment") equal to the aggregate of the amounts (if any) previously applied from the Net Proceeds of an OSX 1 Trigger event or OSX 2 Trigger Event ("Prior OSX1/2 Application") in repayment of the Modec Debt, if applicable, pro rata and pari passu as between (i) and (ii);
59
304302567 v2

(d) (i) Payment of the Outstanding Key Payments Amount, and (ii) Catch-Up Prepayment equal to the Prior OSX1/2 Application towards payment of the Key Payments Amount, if applicable pro rata and pari passu as between (i) and (ii); then

(e) (i) Retention by OSX Leasing of the OSX Leasing Governance Reserve, and (ii) Catch-Up Prepayment equal to the Prior OSX 1/2 Application towards the OSX Leasing Governance Reserve, if applicable, pro rata and pari passu as between (i) and (ii); then

(f) Catch-Up Prepayment equal to the Prior OSX 1/2 Application towards the OSX Leasing Full Retention Amount and OSX Leasing Partial Retention Amount; then

(g) The balance shall be retained by OSX Leasing.

4. REFINANCING DEBT

The OSX group shall be entitled to raise Refinancing Debt if (a) the Net Proceeds of the Refinancing Debt are sufficient to pay in full the amounts falling due under Clause 3.3(a) through to (f), and such Net Proceeds are immediately applied in accordance with the DPU Waterfall set out at Clause 3.3 and (b) the satisfaction of (a) above is an express condition ofthe terms of the Refinancing Debt.

5.

OSX LEASING GOVERNANCE RESERVE

5.1 The OSX Leasing Governance Reserve will be held in an account in the name of OSX Leasing with the Account Bank.

5.2 Following any application of the OSX Leasing Governance Reserve, OSX Leasing shall promptly provide a detailed account of the application of the OSX Leasing Governance Reserve to the Bond Trustee, accompanied with a certificate signed by a director of OSX Leasing confirming that such application was in compliance with OSX Leasing's obligations under the Finance Documents.

6. KEY PAYMENTS AMOUNT

6.1 Payment of amounts set forth in this Clause 6.1 (together, the "Key Payments Amount") shall be applied in the following order, to the extent that the relevant amounts remain outstanding:

(a) the amount required to pay all outstanding and proj ected premia for Insurances through to 31 July 2015, subject to a limit of US$3.4m; then

(b) the amount required to pay (i) documented accrued but unpaid, and (ii) projected fees, costs and expenses, of the Bond Trustee and its advisers (including legal and financial advisers, and in the case of AlixPartners UK LLP, including a success fee of up to US$2m); then

(c) the amount required to pay outstanding invoices from vendors which the Bond Trustee (in its reasonable opinion based on the advice of local counsel) determines may have a potential maritime lien claim over the FPSO, subject to a limit of US$1m; then

(d) to the extent that it has not already been discharged through the issue of Additional Bonds, the Shortfall.

60
304302567 v2

6.2 Any payments ofthe Key Payments Amount shall be paid into the Key Payments Account, save for any amount with respect to the Shortfall, which shall be paid directly into the Retention Account. Funds standing to the credit of the Key Payments Account shall be applied as follows: (a) Upon presentation by OSX Leasing of invoices for items falling within subsection (a) and (c) of the definition of Key Payment Amount set out in Clause 6.1, the Bond Trustee shall authorize the release of funds from the Key Payments Account to pay such invoices, subject to the limits set out in the definition of Key Payment Amounts for each subclause thereof and subject to the terms of the Account Pledge; (b) The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to apply funds in the Key Payments Account to pay outstanding invoices that fall within subclause (b) of the definition of Key Payments Amount set out in Clause 6.1, from time to time, subject to the terms of the Adviser Fee Letter.
61
304302567 v2

Attachment 5 Transaction Documents

1. Amended and Restated Bond Agreement

2. Bond Amendment Agreement

3.

Subordination Deed

4.

Quiet Enj oyment Letter

5. LC Agreement

6.

Charter Termination Agreement

7. Guarantees (OSX Leasing, OSX Brasil S.A., OSX 3 Holdco, OSX 3 Holding) and Amendments thereto

8. Escrow Account Pledge

9. Account Pledge and Amendment thereto

10. Floating Charge

11. Share Charge

12. Assignment of EPCI Contract

13. Assignment of Insurances

14. Group Loan Assignment

15. Mortgage and Amendment thereto

16. Assignment of Charter Contract

17. Operation Agreement

18. Amended Charter Contract

19. EPCI Contract and Amendments

20. Charterer Parent Guarantee

62
304302567 v2

Attachment 6 Post Closing Instruction [On Nordic Trustee ASA Letterhead]

To: Citibank International Plc, Netherlands Branch Schiphol Boulevard 257 WTC Building-Tower D Floor 8 1118 BH Luchthaven Schiphol The Netherlands

Attention: Jenny Weima, Legal

E-mail:

iennv.weima@citi.com

Fax:

+31 20 651 4234

SENT BY E-MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL AND FAX [·]

Dear Sirs

We refer to the deed of pledge over bank accounts dated 28 March 2012 (as amended from time to time) between (i) OSX 3 Leasing B.V. (the "Pledgor"), (ii) Nordic Trustee ASA, formerly known as Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Security Agent" or "we" in its capacity as Bond Trustee on behalf of itself and the Finance Parties) and (iii) Citibank International plc acting through its Netherlands branch ("Citibank") (the "Deed of Pledge").

In this letter, words and expressions defined in the Deed of Pledge shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when used herein.

Pursuant to a fee letter dated 12 March 2012 and a supplemental adviser fee letter dated____________ , both between the Pledgor and the Security Agent (together, the "Fee Documents"), the Pledgor is responsible for the payment of documented fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of the Security Agent. We have sent a number of invoices to the Pledgor for payment that remain outstanding (together, the "Outstanding Invoices") on the following date(s): [·]. The Outstanding Invoices are attached hereto.

The total amount due and payable under the Outstanding Invoices is [·] (based on an exchange rate of NOK [·] to US$ 1).

In accordance with the terms of the Fee Documents and the Deed of Pledge, we hereby instruct Citibank to release funds from the Dollar Retention Account to pay in full the Outstanding Invoices.

Therefore, please take this as a formal written instruction to make the following payment from the Dollar Retention Account:

Payment Amount

US$ [·]

Payee Bank Account Details

[·]

63
304302567 v2

Kindly confirm receipt of this fax by email to Fredrik Lundberg (lundberg@,trustee .no)." Yours faithfully For and on behalf of Nordic Trustee ASA Enc. cc: James Terry, Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP
Richard Sjøqvist, Bugge, Arentz-Hansen & Rasmussen Bruno Damico, André Pastura, OSX
64
304302567 v2

Attachment 7 A
[OSX Leasing Articles of Association] AMENDMENT OF THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION AGREED FORM
On th e _______________________ two thousand and fourteen, appearing before me, Martine Bijkerk, a civil-law notary in Amsterdam, is:
RECITALS The person who appears before me, hereby declares: A. Latest amendment to the articles of association
The latest amendment to the articles of association of OSX Leasing Group B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid), with its corporate seat in Amsterdam and its place of business at (2514 JG) `s-Gravenhage, Parkstraat 83, registered with the trade register under number 34366118 has been executed on the fifth day of November two thousand and thirteen, before M.M. van der Bie, a civil-law notary in Amsterdam. B. Resolution to amend the articles of association The general meeting of the aforementioned company has resolved to amend the articles of association and to adopt new articles of association in substitution therefore. C. Authorization Furthermore it was resolved to authorize the person appearing to sign the deed of amendment of the articles of association. D. Shareholders' resolution Evidence of said resolutions is by means of a shareholders' resolution of the company to be annexed to this deed. AMENDMENT OF THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION In order to carry out said resolutions the person appearing declares to amend the articles of association as follows: Article 1. Definitions
76
304302567 v2

1.1. In these articles of association:

-

Board Observer is the person appointed in accordance with article 19;

-

body (orgaan) is a term that applies to the management board or the general meeting;

-

Bond Agreement means the OSX-3 bond agreement dated the fifteenth day of March

two thousand and twelve between OSX 3 Leasing B.V., a private company with limited

liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid), with its corporate

seat in Amsterdam and OSX-3 Bond Trustee as amended from time to time;

-

conflict of interest (tegenstrijdig belang) means a direct or indirect personal interest

which conflicts with the interest of the company and its business;

-

DCC means the Dutch Civil Code;

-

in writing and written (schriftelijk) means a readable and reproducible message sent

by way of letter, fax, e-mail or any other means of electronic communication, unless

otherwise stated in Dutch law or these articles of association;

-

management board (bestuur) is the body consisting of the managing director(s);

-

managing director (bestuurder) is a managing director as referred to in Dutch law;

-

meeting right (vergaderrecht) means the right to, either in person or by a holder of a

written power of attorney, attend a general meeting and to address such general

meeting;

-

OSX-3 Bondholders means the holders of the OSX-3 Bonds issued pursuant to the

Bond Agreement;

-

OSX-3 Bonds means the OSX-3 Leasing B.V. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue

2012/2015 bonds issued under the Bond Agreement;

-

OSX-3 Bond Trustee means Nordic Trustee ASA, a company existing under the laws

of Norway, with its place of business at Haakon VII gate 1, 0161 Oslo, Norway,

registered with the Central Business Register under number 963 342 624;

-

Outstanding Bond Amount means an amount equal to the outstanding amounts due

pursuant to the Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents (as defined in the

Bond Agreement) at the relevant time (including all costs and expenses);

-

person(s) with meeting rights (vergadergerechtigde(n)) are the shareholders (with or

without voting rights) as well as the holders of a right of usufruct or pledge with voting

rights;

-

Termsheet means the OSX-3 Bondholders termsheet (OSX-Side) dated the fourteenth

day of March two thousand and fourteen.

Article 2. Name and seat

2.1. The name of the company shall be:

OSX Leasing Group B.V.

2.2. The company shall have its seat in Amsterdam. 77

304302567 v2

Article 3. Objects

3.1. The objects of the company shall be:

-

to incorporate, to participate in and to finance companies or businesses;

-

to collaborate with, to operate and to manage the affairs of and to provide advice and

other services to companies and other businesses;

-

to lend and to borrow funds;

-

to provide collateral for the debts and other obligations of the company, of other

companies and businesses that are affiliated with the company in a group and of third

parties;

-

to provide guarantees, to grant sureties and to jointly and severally bind the company or

its assets for debts and other obligations of itself, of companies and businesses that are

affiliated with it in a group and of third parties;

-

to acquire, to operate and to dispose of property, including registered property; and

-

to acquire, to operate and to dispose of industrial and intellectual property rights,

as well as to carry out all which is incidental or conducive to the above, in the broadest sense.

Article 4. Shares

4.1. The capital ofthe company consists of shares, each having a nominal value of one hundred euro ( 100).

4.2. The shares shall be registered and shall be numbered consecutively, starting at 1.

4.3. Share certificates shall not be issued by the company.

Article 5. Enquiry proceedings

5.1. OSX-3 Bond Trustee has the right to file an application as referred to in article 2:345 DCC before the Enterprise Division of the Amsterdam Court of Appeal, in circumstances where it believes that there has been a breach of the articles of association of the company (without limitation on the remedy sought).

Article 6. Issue

6.1. Shares shall be issued pursuant to a resolution adopted by the general meeting. Furthermore, the resolution shall set out the price and other terms and conditions of issue. Subject to article 2:191 paragraph 1 DCC, second sentence, the nominal value of each share must be paid up upon subscription.

6.2. The general meeting may delegate its powers as described in the previous paragraph to another body, and may revoke this delegation.

6.3. Subject to Dutch law, every shareholder shall have a pre-emptive right to any issue of shares on a basis pro rata to the aggregate number of shares held by the shareholder.

A pre-emptive right is non-transferable.

78
304302567 v2

For any single share issue the pre-emptive right may be limited or precluded by a resolution adopted by the general meeting. If the general meeting has delegated its powers referred to in article 6.1 to another body pursuant to article 6.2, the power referred to in the previous sentence is also vested in that other body for the same period.
6.4. The provisions in the previous paragraphs of this article are applicable mutatis mutandis to the granting of a right to subscribe to shares.
Article 7. Own shares
7.1. On an issue of shares the company is not able to subscribe to its own shares.
7.2. The management board decides on the acquisition of shares in the capital of the company. The acquisition by the company of shares in its own capital when those shares have not been fully paid up shall be null and void.
7.3. The company may not acquire its own fully paid-up shares, unless gratuitously, if:
a. the company's equity capital less the acquisition price is less than the reserves which should be maintained in accordance with Dutch law; or
b. the management board either knows or should reasonably foresee that the company upon acquisition will not be able to continue paying its debts when they become due.
7.4. If the company is unable to continue to pay its short-term debts after an acquisition other than gratuitously, the managing directors who at the time of the acquisition knew or should have reasonably foreseen this, are jointly and severally liable to the company to compensate the shortfall caused by the acquisition plus statutory interest from the day of the acquisition. The remaining provisions of article 2:207 paragraph 3 DCC are applicable to such situation.
The transferor of the shares who knew or should have reasonably foreseen that after the acquisition the company would be unable to continue to pay its short-term debts, is jointly and severally liable to the company to compensate the shortfall caused by the acquisition up to a maximum of the acquisition price of the shares transferred by him, plus statutory interest from the day of the acquisition. If the managing directors have paid the claim under the first sentence of this paragraph, the payment referred to in the preceding sentence is to be paid to the managing directors, in proportion to the part that each of the managing directors has paid. The managing directors and the transferor shall not be entitled to set offtheir debt under this article.
7.5. The previous paragraphs do not apply to the company's own shares acquired under universal title (algemene titel).
7.6. In article 7.2 up to and including 7.5, `shares' include depositary receipts for shares.
7.7. After the acquisition of its own shares at least one share with voting rights shall be held by and on behalf of someone other than the company or one of its subsidiaries.
Article 8. Reduction of capital
8.1. The general meeting may resolve to reduce the issued capital by cancelling shares or by amending the articles of association to reduce the nominal amount of the shares. Such resolution should not lead to repayments at the expense of reserves which should be maintained in accordance with Dutch law.
8.2. Dutch law applies to a resolution to reduce the issued capital and its implementation.
79
304302567 v2

8.3. After the cancellation of shares at least one share with voting rights should be held by and on behalf of someone other than the company or one of its subsidiaries.
8.4. Article 21.2 up to and including article 21.4 shall apply mutatis mutandis to a resolution to reduce the issued capital with repayment on shares.
Article 9. Depositary receipts for shares, pledging of shares and establishment of a right of usufruct over shares, meeting rights
9.1. Meeting rights are not attached to depositary receipts for shares.
9.2. A right of usufruct or a right of pledge may be granted over shares.
The shareholder shall have the right to vote with respect to the shares which are subject to a right of usufruct or a right of pledge. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence voting rights may be vested in a holder of a right of usufruct pursuant to the next-to-last sentence of article 2:197 paragraph 3 DCC.
9.3. Notwithstanding the provisions of article 9.2, the holder of the right of usufruct or the right of pledge shall have the right to vote when such is provided for, whether or not subject to one or more conditions precedent, upon the establishment of the right of usufruct or the right of pledge, or subsequently is agreed in writing between the shareholder and the holder of the right of usufruct or the holder of the right of pledge and provided that:
a. with regard to the right of usufruct, both this provision and - upon transfer of the right of usufruct - the transfer of the voting rights is approved by the general meeting;
b. with regard to the right of pledge, both this provision and - if someone assumes the rights of the holder of the right of pledge - the transfer of the voting rights is approved by the general meeting.
The provisions of article 2:196a and 2:196b DCC shall apply to the written agreement as mentioned above in this article 9.3.
9.4. Shareholders without voting rights as a result of a right of usufruct or a right of pledge, as well as holders of a right of usufruct or a right of pledge of shares with voting rights have the rights conferred by Dutch law on holders of depositary receipts for shares with meeting rights. Holders of a right of usufruct and holders of a right of pledge of shares without voting rights do not have these rights.
Article 10. Register of shareholders
10.1. The management board shall keep a register recording the names and addresses of all shareholders, the date on which they acquired the shares, the date of acknowledgement by or service upon the company and the amount paid up on each share. In addition email addresses may be recorded in the register.
The names and addresses of those who have a right of usufruct or a right of pledge in respect of shares shall also be recorded, stating the date on which they acquired the right, the date of acknowledgement by or service upon the company, if and - to the extent applicable - which rights attached to the shares are vested in them.
10.2. Every shareholder, holder of a right of usufruct and holder of a right of pledge is obliged to ensure that the company is notified of his information referred to in article 10.1 above.
80
304302567 v2

10.3. The register shall be regularly updated in accordance with Dutch law.
10.4. All entries in, copies of, or extracts from the register of shareholders shall be authenticated by a managing director.
Article 11. Transfer of shares
11.1. The issue and transfer of a share, or the transfer or waiver of a limited right to a share, require a deed which has been executed before a civil-law notary practising in the Netherlands and to which all persons involved are a party.
11.2. The transfer of a share, or the transfer or waiver of a limited right to a share, in accordance with the provisions of article 11.1 shall also, by operation of Dutch law, be legally binding on the company. Except in the event that the company itself is a party to the legal transaction, the rights accruing to the share may not be exercised until the company has either acknowledged this legal transaction or has been served with the deed of transfer in accordance with Dutch law.
Article 12. No restriction on the transfer of shares
12.1. No restriction as referred to in Article 2:195 of the DCC applies with respect to the transferability of the shares in the capital of the company.
Article 13. Management board
13.1. The company shall have a management board, consisting of:
a. one or more managing directors A; and
b. one or more managing directors B.
At least half of the managing directors shall be Dutch residents.
13.2. The number of managing directors A and B shall be laid down by the general meeting. The managing directors A and B shall be appointed by the general meeting.
13.3. Managing directors may be suspended or dismissed by the general meeting at any time.
13.4. The total period of a suspension, including any extensions, may last no longer than three months.
13.5. The remuneration and other terms and conditions for the appointment of each individual managing director shall be determined by the general meeting.
13.6. The management board shall use its best efforts to procure that: (i) the centre of main interests of the company will be in the Netherlands and (ii) the Netherlands remains the exclusive jurisdiction for an insolvency filing of the company.
Article 14. Board rules and regulations
14.1. The management board may adopt board rules and regulations, allocating management duties to one or more managing directors and regulating any such subjects as the management board deems necessary or appropriate.
14.2. The regulations shall not be inconsistent with Dutch law or these articles of association.
Article 15. Management board meetings 81
304302567 v2

15.1. The meetings of the management board shall be held in the Netherlands.
15.2. The Board Observer has the right to attend all management board meetings and to address such meetings. The Board Observer has the right to render its advice with respect to the resolutions of the management board set out in article 16.4.
15.3. If the agenda for a management board meeting includes one or more of the resolutions set out in article 16.4.a up to and including 16.4.h, at least fourteen (14) days' notice convening a meeting of the management board shall be given simultaneously to all managing directors and the Board Observer. In contrast of the preceding sentence, a period of seven (7) days' notice of a meeting of the management board may be given simultaneously to all managing directors and the Board Observer if the agenda for such meeting does not include one of the resolutions set out in article 16.4.
15.4. The notice (which for the avoidance of doubt shall also be sent to the Board Observer in accordance with article 15.3) convening the meeting of the management board shall be in writing and shall be accompanied by:
a. an agenda specifying in reasonable detail the matters to be discussed at the meeting; and
b. any relevant information and board materials for discussion at the relevant meeting.
Article 16. Adoption of resolutions by the management board
16.1. A managing director that has a conflict of interest with respect to a proposed management board resolution shall immediately report this to the management board.
16.2. A managing director shall not participate in the deliberation and decision-making process if he has a conflict of interest. In the event that, as a consequence of the preceding sentence, a resolution cannot be adopted, the resolution will be adopted by the general meeting, unless the general meeting appoints one or more persons to adopt the resolution. In the latter case, also one or more managing directors having a conflict of interest can be appointed for this purpose by the general meeting, in which case the first sentence of this paragraph shall not apply.
16.3. Unless otherwise provide in these articles, the management board shall adopt resolutions by an absolute majority of the votes cast in a meeting of the management board.
16.4. All management board resolution concerning:
a. any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures taken in relation to an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding of or suspension of payments by the company;
b. a proposal to amend the constitutional documents of the company (including these articles of association) in a manner adverse to the Board Observer or the OSX-3 Bondholders;
c. entry into any agreements with any affiliates or related entities of the company in a manner adverse to the OSX-3 Bondholders (except for intragroup loans from the company provided that such loans are subordinated in favour of the OSX-3 Bondholders);
d. making a proposal as referred to in article 23.8 of these articles of association;
82
304302567 v2

e.

convening any general meeting with the purpose of changing the constitutional

documents of the company (including these articles of association) in a manner adverse

to the OSX-3 Bondholders or the Board Observer;

f. the incurrence of any financial indebtedness or guarantee obligations, or the encumbrance of any of the company's assets (except for intragroup loans by the company provided that such loans are subordinated in favour of the OSX-3 Bondholders, and otherwise comply with the Bond Agreement);

g. any transaction or agreement that may reasonably be expected to interfere with the matters contemplated in the Termsheet, or prejudice the position of the OSX-3 Bondholders;

h. the approval and payment of any dividends or distributions to shareholders;

i.

sending public announcements and correspondence from the company from outside the

Netherlands;

j.

opening and maintaining bank accounts for the company with banks outside of the

Netherlands;

k. making payments from the company's bank accounts outside of the Netherlands; and

l.

changing the company's business address to an address outside of the Netherlands,

shall be adopted by an absolute majority of the votes cast in: (i) a meeting of the management board in which the Board Observer is present or represented and has had to opportunity to render its advice, which meeting has been convened in accordance with article 15.3, or (ii) a meeting ofthe management board in which the Board Observer is not present or represented but which meeting has been convened in accordance with article 15.3.

16.5. With due consideration of article 16.2, each managing director shall be entitled to cast one vote in meetings of the management board.

16.6. Unless a managing director has a conflict of interest with regard to a proposed resolution, he can be represented in meetings of the management board. Such representation can only be made by another managing director who does not have a conflict of interest and pursuant to a written power of attorney.

16.7. The management board may also adopt resolutions - with the exception of the resolutions set out in article 16.4 - without convening a meeting, provided that all managing directors - with the exception of the managing directors that have reported a conflict of interest pursuant to article 16.1, unless all managing directors have a conflict of interest - have been consulted and none of them have raised an objection to adopt resolutions in this manner. To resolutions outside of a meeting article 16.1 up to and including 16.5 shall apply.

16.8. Subject to the prior approval of the general meeting shall be all management board resolutions concerning such legal acts as determined and clearly defined by the general meeting and brought to the attention of the management board in writing.

The absence of the approval as defined in this paragraph shall not affect the powers of the management board or of the managing directors to represent the company.

Article 17. Unavailability or inability to act of a managing director

83
304302567 v2

17.1. If a managing director is unavailable or unable to act, then the management of the company shall be vested in the remaining managing director or managing directors. If no managing director is available or able to act, the management of the company shall be temporarily vested in a person designated for that purpose by the general meeting. The provisions in these articles of association regarding the management board and the managing directors shall, to the extent possible, apply mutatis mutandis to such designated person.

Article 18. Representation of the company

18.1. The authority to represent the company shall vest exclusively in:

-

the management board; or

-

any managing director A and managing director B acting jointly.

Article 19. Board Observer

19.1. If and as long as the Outstanding Bond Amount has not been repaid to the parties entitled thereto, the OSX-3 Bond Trustee may appoint a Board Observer.

19.2. The Board Observer may be dismissed or suspended by the OSX-3 Bond Trustee at any time. No party other than the OSX-3 Bond Trustee may dismiss, suspend or replace the Board Observer.

19.3. In the event the Board Observer has been suspended, dismissed, replaced or is unavailable or unable to act, the OSX-3 Bond Trustee will as soon as practically possible inform the Management Board by means of a written notice.

19.4. The total period of suspension of the Board Observer, including any extensions, may last no longer than three months.

19.5. When the Board Observer is unavailable or is unable to act, the rights of the Board Observer pursuant to these articles of association shall be provisionally conducted by the person designated for that purpose by the OSX-3 Bond Trustee, within four weeks ofthe written notice as referred to in article 19.3.

19.6. If the OSX-3 Bond Trustee has not:

a. appointed a Board Observer in accordance with article 19.1; or

b. in the event that the Board Observer is unavailable or unable to act, designated a person in accordance with article 19.5,

the provisions in these articles with respect to the Board Observer do not have to be taken into account.

19.7. Once the OSX-3 Bond Trustee has confirmed as soon as practically possible after a request thereto by the Company that the Outstanding Bond Amount has been repaid to the parties entitled thereto, the rights of the Board Observer end.

Article 20. Financial year, annual accounts and annual report

20.1. The company's financial year shall be concurrent with the calendar year.

20.2. The management board shall prepare the annual accounts, which shall consist of the balance sheet and the profit and loss statement with explanatory notes. The annual accounts shall be
84

304302567 v2

prepared within five months of the end of each financial year, unless the general meeting grants an extension to a maximum of six months in special circumstances. The annual accounts require the signatures of all the managing directors. The absence of a signature, and the reason for that, shall be expressly stated. As far as required by law, the management board shall also prepare an annual report within the above-mentioned period.
20.3. If, and to the extent that, any relevant provision of Dutch law is applicable to the company, the general meeting shall retain a registered accountant or a firm of registered accountants, as defined in article 2:393 paragraph 1 DCC, to examine the annual accounts and, if prepared, the annual report prepared by the management board, in order to write a report and to provide a statement thereon.
20.4. The annual accounts shall be adopted by the general meeting. Adoption of the annual accounts shall not serve to grant discharge to a managing director.
If each shareholder is also a managing director of the company, the signing of the annual accounts by all managing directors does not, in deviation from article 2:210 paragraph 5 DCC, serve as the adoption of the annual accounts.
20.5. If, and to the extent that, it is required under Dutch law, the company is obliged to make the annual accounts publicly available at the trade register.
Article 21. Appropriation of profits, distributions to shareholders
21.1. The general meeting is authorized to appropriate the profits which have been determined by adopting the annual accounts, and to determine distributions, to the extent the equity of the company exceeds the reserves which must be maintained under Dutch law.
21.2. A resolution to make a distribution has no effect until the management board has granted approval for such resolution with due observance of article 16.4.h The management board shall refuse this approval only if it knows or should reasonably foresee that the company will be unable to continue to pay its short-term debts after the distribution.
21.3. If the company is unable to continue to pay its short-term debts after a distribution, the managing directors who, at the time of the distribution knew or should have reasonably foreseen this, are jointly and severally liable to the company to compensate the shortfall caused by the distribution plus statutory interest from the day of the distribution. A managing director is not liable if he proves that he cannot be blamed for the company making the distribution, and that he was not negligent in taking measures to avoid its adverse effects.
21.4. The beneficiary of the distribution who knew or should have reasonably foreseen that after the distribution the company would be unable to continue to pay its short-term debts is jointly and severally liable to the company to compensate the shortfall caused by the distribution, each beneficiary up to a maximum amount or value of the distribution received by such beneficiary, plus statutory interest from the day of the distribution. If the managing directors have paid the claim referred to under the first sentence of article 21.3, the payment referred to in the preceding sentence is paid to the managing directors, in proportion to the part that each of the managing directors has paid. In respect ofthe debt referred to in the first sentence of article 21.3 or the first sentence of this article, the debtor is not entitled to a set off.
21.5. In calculating each distribution, the shares held by the company in its own capital shall be disregarded.
85
304302567 v2

21.6. In calculating the amount that will be distributed on each share, only the amount of the mandatory payment on the nominal amount of the shares is eligible. Deviation from the preceding sentence is possible with the consent of all shareholders.

21.7. The right to receive a distribution shall expire five years from the day on which such a distribution became payable.

Article 22. Shareholders meetings

22.1. During every financial year at least one general meeting shall be held or at least once the general meeting shall resolve in the manner provided for in article 24.1 In this meeting or resolution the following shall, in any case, be brought up for consideration:

-

the annual report, as far as required by law;

-

the adoption of the annual accounts;

-

the granting of discharge from liability to the managing directors for actions in respect

of their management during the preceding financial year; and

-

if required by Dutch law, the instruction of an expert as referred to in article 2:393

DCC.

22.2. If persons with meeting rights represent, jointly or severally, at least one percent (1%) of the issued capital, have asked by registered mail to add one or more items to the agenda of a general meeting, such item(s) will be incorporated in the notice convening the general meeting, provided that:

a. the request is submitted prior to thirty days before the general meeting; and

b. addressing the items at the meeting will not be contrary to the substantial interests of the company.

22.3. The general meeting shall be held in the Netherlands at Amsterdam or Schiphol (municipality Haarlemmermeer).

22.4. Notice of the convening of a general meeting shall be issued by the management board or by one of the managing directors by means of written notices or - provided that the person with meeting rights consents to this - by means of readable and reproducible notices which are electronically sent ("Notice"), which Notice is to be dispatched to the persons with meeting rights and managing directors no later than the eighth day before the date of the meeting. One or more shareholders that represent, jointly or severally, at least one percent (1%) of the issued capital can request the management board, by registered mail with a detailed statement of the topics to address, to convene a general meeting. The management board shall take the necessary measures to ensure that the general meeting can be held within four weeks of the request, unless convening the meeting will be contrary to the substantial interests of the company. In the application of the two previous sentences the term `shareholders' shall also mean other persons with meeting rights.

22.5. The Notices shall set out the place, date and time of the meeting and the matters to be considered. Written notices shall be dispatched to the addresses recorded in the shareholder register. Electronic notices are to be sent to the addresses that have been made available for this purpose to the company by the persons with meeting rights. The failure of one or more of the Notices dispatched in accordance with the stipulations set out above to reach the destination shall not affect the validity of the general meeting or the resolutions adopted thereby.

86

304302567 v2

22.6. The general meeting shall appoint its own chairman.
22.7. Minutes shall be taken of the matters dealt with in a general meeting unless a notarial record of the proceedings is drawn up. The minutes shall be entered into a register maintained for that purpose and require the adoption and signature ofthe chairman ofthe meeting and the secretary of the meeting, who shall be appointed by the chairman at the commencement of the meeting. The minutes or the notarial record of the proceedings shall serve as evidence of the resolutions adopted in the general meeting.
Article 23. Adoption of resolutions in a meeting
23.1. All persons with meeting rights, either in person or by means of a person holding a written proxy, shall be entitled to attend a general meeting and to address that meeting. The managing director or managing directors shall have, in this capacity, an advisory vote in the general meeting.
23.2. In order to be able to participate in the voting at the general meeting, persons with meeting rights having voting rights or their representatives must sign the attendance book, recording the number of shares represented by them.
23.3. Every share entitles its holder to cast one vote.
23.4. In a general meeting, neither votes may be cast for shares held by the company or by any subsidiary thereof, nor may votes be cast for a share for which either of them holds a depositary receipt for a share.
23.5. Holders of a right of usufruct or a right of pledge with respect to shares which are held by the company or the company's subsidiary are nevertheless not precluded from the right to vote if the right of usufruct or right of pledge was established before the share was held by the company or subsidiary.
The company or any subsidiary thereof may not cast votes for a share for which it has a right of usufruct or a right of pledge.
23.6. The sum of the shares for which no voting rights may be exercised according to Dutch law shall be disregarded in determining the extent to which the shareholders are entitled to vote, are present or represented, or to which extent the share capital is provided or represented.
23.7. Resolutions passed in a general meeting shall be adopted by a majority of the votes cast. Blank votes shall be deemed not to have been cast.
23.8. All general meeting resolutions concerning:
a. any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures taken in relation to an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding of or suspension of payments by the company;
b. any amendment to the constitutional documents of the company (including these articles of association) in a manner adverse to the Bond Observer or the OSX-3 Bondholders;
c. entry into any agreements with any affiliates or related entities of the company in a manner adverse to the OSX-3 Bondholders (except for intragroup loans from the company provided that such loans are subordinated in favour of the OSX-3 Bondholders);
87
304302567 v2

d. the incurrence of any financial indebtedness or guarantee obligations, or the encumbrance of any of the company's assets (except for intragroup loans by the company provided that such loans are subordinated in favour of the OSX-3 Bondholders, and otherwise comply with the Bond Agreement);

e. any transaction or agreement that may reasonably be expected to interfere with the matters contemplated in the Termsheet, or prejudice the position of the OSX-3 Bondholders; and

f.

payment of any dividends or distributions to shareholders,

shall only be adopted upon the proposal from the management board.

23.9. The votes shall be cast orally at the general meeting, unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise.

23.10. In case of a tie in the vote, the proposal shall be deemed to have been rejected.

23.11. In a general meeting, in which the entire issued capital is represented, valid resolutions can be adopted, even if the requirements in respect of the convening and holding of meetings have not been complied with, provided that:

a. all persons with meeting rights have declared to consent that adoption of resolutions shall take place; and

b. the managing director(s) has (have) had the opportunity to provide advice prior to the adoption of resolutions.

23.12. The management board shall keep a record of the adopted resolutions. This record shall be made available at the company's office for inspection by the persons with meeting rights. Each person with meeting rights shall, upon request, be provided with a copy of or extract from this record at no more than the actual costs.

Article 24. Adoption of resolutions outside a meeting

24.1. Shareholders may also adopt resolutions without convening a general meeting, provided that all persons with meeting rights have declared in writing to be in favour of this manner of adopting resolutions. The first sentence of article 23.7 and article 23.10 apply accordingly. Votes are cast in writing. The requirement that these are cast in writing shall also be met if the resolution is recorded in writing, specifying the manner in which each of the shareholders has voted. The managing director(s) shall be given the opportunity to provide advice prior to the adoption of resolutions.

Article 25. Merger, demerger, amendment to the articles of association, dissolution

25.1. Notwithstanding the provisions of article 2:331 paragraph 1 DCC and article 2:334ff paragraph 1 DCC, the general meeting may resolve to merge the company, or to demerge the company, as well as to amend the articles of association or to dissolve the company.

25.2. Those who convene a general meeting in which a proposal is made to adopt a resolution to amend the articles of association must deposit a copy of the proposal, stating the verbatim text of the proposed amendment, at the offices of the company for inspection by persons with meeting rights. The proposal must be deposited at the same time as the notice of the meeting and kept there until after the close of the meeting. Persons with meeting rights must be given the opportunity to obtain a copy of the proposal described in the previous sentence from the day on

88

304302567 v2

which the convening notice for that meeting is dispatched until the day of the general meeting. Such copies shall be provided free of charge. 25.3. In the event that a resolution to dissolve the company is adopted, the liquidation shall be arranged by the management board or by one or more persons appointed by the general meeting, unless the court should appoint another liquidator or other liquidators. If a resolution to liquidate the company is passed, a resolution regarding the remuneration to be paid to the liquidator, or the joint liquidators, must be passed at the same time. 25.4. The articles of association shall, as far as possible, remain effective during the process of liquidation. 25.5. The liquidation surplus shall be distributed to shareholders and other parties entitled thereto in proportion to their respective rights. 25.6. After the liquidation has been completed, the books and records of the dissolved company shall remain in the custody of a person to be appointed for that purpose by the general meeting for a period of seven years. CONCLUSION The person appearing in connection with this deed is known to me, civil-law notary. THIS DEED is executed in Amsterdam on the date stated at the head of the deed. The substance of this deed and an explanation of the deed have been communicated to the person appearing, who has expressly taken cognisance of its contents and has agreed to its limited reading. After a limited reading in accordance with the law, this deed was signed by the person appearing and by me, civil-law notary.
89
304302567 v2

