Term Sheet - Final

ISIN: NO 001 0605728

PA Resources AB Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2011/2016 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")

Settlement date: 5 April 2011

Issuer: Currency: Issue Size: Security: Coupon rates:

PA Resources AB (Swedish Registration No. 556488-2180) NOK NOK 900 million The Bonds will be unsecured A fixed rate of 12.25% p.a. semi-annual interest payments.

Settlement Date:

5 April 2011. Notice is expected to be given to subscribers minimum two banking days prior to Settlement Date.

Maturity Date:

5 April 2016 (5 years after Settlement Date) at price 100.00.

First interest payment day:

5 October 2011 (6 months after Settlement Date)

Last interest payment April 2016 (5 years after Settlement Date) day:

Interest Payments:

Interest on the Bonds will accrue from the Settlement Date and shall be payable semiannually in arrears on the interest payment day in April and October each year, or if the interest payment day does not fall on a banking day, on the first subsequent banking day. The daycount fraction for the coupon is 30/360 unadjusted.

Amortization:

The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in the following manner: (i) on interest payment date 2 years after the Settlement Date by 10.0 % of the initial Issue Size, (ii) on interest payment date 3 years after the Settlement Date by 15.0 % of the initial Issue Size, (iii) on interest payment date 4 years after the Settlement Date by 15.0 % of the initial Issue Size and (iv) remaining loan amount on the Maturity Date

Installments shall be carried out at par value (100 %) plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount. Installments must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).

Issue Price:

100.00 (par)

Nominal value:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of NOK 1.00 each. Minimum subscription and allotment amount shall be NOK 500 000.

03.04.2011

1 (7)

Status of the Bonds: Purpose of the Bond Issue: Call options (American):
Special Issues:

The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer and shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior unsecured obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be used for general corporate purposes, refinancing and buyback of existing bonds.
The Issuer may redeem all of the Bonds (but not less than all) at any time from and including:
(i) the date falling 3 years after Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling 4 years after Settlement Date at a price equal to 105.25% of the par value of the then outstanding Bonds (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
(ii) the date falling 4 years after Settlement Date to, but not included, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 103.75% of the par value of the then outstanding Bonds (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed otherwise) comply with inter alia the following general covenants:
a) Mergers: The Issuer shall not, and ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the relevant Material Subsidiary with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect;
b) De-mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the relevant Material Subsidiary into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect;
c) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and the Issuer shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall cease to carry on its business, if so discontinuing the relevant activities have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement if the change would have a Material Adverse Effect;
d) Disposal of business: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, unless the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect;
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer, or any Subsidiary, shall be entitled to carry out license portfolio transactions, including a reduction of ownership share or divestment of, production licenses at fair market value, provided that such license portfolio transactions would not have a Material Adverse Effect;
e) Negative pledge: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, create, or permit to subsist or allow to exist over any of its present or future assets or revenues, any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance other than the encumbrances granted for;
1. any RBL; 2. the Existing Bond Issues; 3. any derivative transaction related to the Issuer's hedging policy; 4. any Working Capital Facility; or

03.04.2011

2 (7)

03.04.2011

5. any lien arising by operation of law
f) Financial Indebtedness restrictions: The Issuer shall ensure that no Subsidiary incur, create or permit to subsist any additional financial indebtedness to any other person not being a member of the Group other than; 1. any RBL; 2. the Existing Bond Issues; 3. any derivative transactions related to the Issuer's hedging policy; or 4. any Working Capital Facility
g) Financial Support restrictions: The Issuer shall not, and ensure that no Subsidiary shall make any loans, grant any credit or give any guarantee, indemnity or encumbrances to or for the benefit of any person or otherwise voluntary assume any liability, whether actual or contingent, in respect of any other person ("Financial Support"), save for:
1. any guarantee; credit or indemnity made, granted or given in the ordinary course of business; or
2. any guarantee made, granted or given in respect of any financial indebtedness permitted under paragraph f)."; or
3. any existing security made in respect of the Existing Bond Issues; 4. any intragroup loans between Group Companies. 5. any encumbrances related to any Working Capital Facility
h) Pari passu ranking: The Issuer's obligations under the Bond Agreement shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application;
i) Reporting: The Issuer shall of its own accord make management and financial reports (quarterly, on a consolidated basis, written in English) available to the Trustee and on its web pages for public distribution no later than 90 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period;
j) Dividends: The Issuer shall not within a calendar year declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders, whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation repurchase of shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect exceeding 50 % of net profit (adjusted for any write downs and after taxes paid) based on the consolidated accounts for Issuer the previous financial calendar year (without carry forward);
k) Listing of shares: During the term of the Bond Issue, the Issuer shall ensure that the Issuer's shares remain listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm;
l) Financial arrangements: The Issuer shall not make any financial arrangements concerning any asset which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Loan agreement
m) Event of default: The Bond Agreement shall include standard event of default provisions, including cross default provisions for the whole Group on any financial indebtedness of NOK 20 million or more; and
n) Arm's length transaction: The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any affiliated party (such as shareholders, directors and other managers), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Issuer or such member of the
3 (7)

Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
o) Compliance with laws: The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Subsidiaries shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
p) Litigation etc.: The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Trustee such relevant details of any (i) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against any Subsidiary and which would, if adversely determined, have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) other events which have occurred or might occur and which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

Financial Covenants: The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants during the term of the Bond Issue:

a) Equity Ratio: The Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholder's meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) ensure that the Group maintains an Equity Ratio of minimum 40 %, calculated on each Quarter Date.

b) Minimum Equity: The Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholder's meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) ensure that the Group maintains a minimum Equity of SEK 2,000,000,000, calculated on each Quarter Date.

Definitions:

Capital Employed: means the Equity plus Interest Bearing Debt

Existing Bond Issues: means (i) the 10 per cent PA Resources AB Senior Secured Bond Issue 2006/2011 with Call Option with ISIN NO 001 031388.5 issued by the Issuer, and (ii) the FRN Didon Tunisia Pty Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012 with ISIN NO 001 035799.9 issued by Didon Tunisia Pty Ltd.

Equity: At any time, the aggregate amount which would in accordance with the relevant accounting principles to be shown in the Issuer's financial statements as the equity of the Group on a consolidated basis.

Equity Ratio: Equity to Capital Employed

Interest Bearing Debt: At any time, the aggregate amount which would in accordance with the relevant accounting principles to be shown in the Issuer's financial statements as the gross interest bearing debt of the Group on a consolidated basis, as well as any financial instruments and other financial indebtedness that have a commercial effect of borrowing.

Group means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Subsidiary").

Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary:

(a) whose total consolidated assets represent at least five (5) per cent of Total Assets;

(b) whose total consolidated net sales represent at least five (5) per cent of the total consolidated net sales of the Group; or

(c) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred (i) all or substantially all of the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary, or (ii) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer

03.04.2011

4 (7)

occurred on or before the relevant date;

always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20% of the consolidated turnover, gross assets or net assets of the Group (as the case may be).

Quarter Date means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

RBL means any senior secured commercial bank debt facilities under which the borrowing base will vary depending on an assessment of the proven reserves of oil and gas equivalents attributable to a particular asset or portfolio of assets (and the where the lenders will take security over such proven reserves), on a single asset or portfolio basis,

Working Capital Facility means any bank facilities limited to USD 50,000,000 combined for all such facilities for working capital purposes only and regularly cleaned down at least on a yearly basis.

Subsidiary means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.

Material Adverse Effect:

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group, taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement.

Change of Control:

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment (put option) of the Bonds at a price of 100% of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 days following the notice of a Change of Control Event.

Change of Control Event:

Change of Control Event means any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Companies Act § 1-3) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Issuer.

Issuer's ownership of The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's

Bonds:

discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Joint Lead Managers:

Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway; and Fearnley Fonds ASA, Grev Wedels Plass 9, N - 0107 Oslo, Norway

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo.

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the Bondholders through VPS.

Paying Agent:

DnB NOR Bank ASA

Issuer's reg. number: PA Resources AB is a Swedish registered company with registration number 5564882180

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

03.04.2011

5 (7)

Documentation: Bond Agreement:
Stock Exchange listing: Market making: Eligible purchasers:

A Norwegian law based stand-alone Bond Agreement between the Issuer and the Trustee.
The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the Bondholders' representative. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds, and it shall be based on Norwegian bond market standard at the time of Settlement Date.. The Bond Agreement will upon signing substitute the Term Sheet and prevail in regulating the rights and obligations in respect to the Bonds. The Bond Agreement shall include provisions where after repayment of principal amount upon default shall be equal to the Mandatory Prepayment provided for above.
Each subscriber of Bonds (whether such subscription be documented by a subscription agreement, a taped telephone conversation, e-mail or otherwise), is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur.
The Application Form (if applied) specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective Bondholders, who will execute and deliver such Application Form (if applied) prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.
The Issuer will initially not to apply for a listing of the Bonds although it is recognized that the Issuer may choose to do so at a later stage (without being under any obligation to do so).
No market-maker agreement has been made for this Bond Issue.
The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

03.04.2011

6 (7)

Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

Subject to:

The issue of Bonds shall be subject to finalized loan documentation and approval of loan documentation by the Issuer's board and the Trustee.

Governing law:

The laws of the Kingdom of Norway

Oslo, ____ April 2011

PA Resources AB As Issuer

Pareto Securities AS Fearnley Fonds ASA As Joint Lead Managers

03.04.2011

7 (7)

