Ms.

uiKincDRiiunc nsn
ADDRESS: STRANDEN 1, AKER BRYGGE, NO-0250 OSLO, NORWAY PHONE: + 47 23 11 70 00 · FAX: + 47 23 11 70 01/02 · ENTERPRISE NO.: 989 183 613

Oslo, 10 November 2009

To the Bond holders of Viking Drilling ASA
On November 2, 2009, after being more than 20 months under US Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, Norsk Tillitsmann and Viking Drilling jointly filed a Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation with the US Bankruptcy Court in Houston, Texas.
US Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection.
The Company announced in February 2008 that the reactivation project of SS Viking Producer would result in a significant cost overrun. To complete the reactivation project significant additional financing would be required. The Board of Directors and the management had long discussions both internally and with the Company's financial advisors and in the prevailing challenging financial market, the Board of Directors and the financial advisor were of the opinion that it would be a major challenge to raise additional capital at acceptable terms and conditions to finance the completion of the project. Based on this, the Board of Directors resolved unanimously in February 2008 that the Company and all its subsidiaries (the Company) should voluntarily seek protection under US Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
The Board of Directors was and is of the opinion that seeking protection under US Chapter 11 was necessary to protect potential Shareholder value and the interest of the Creditors.
Since the filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, the Company has reduced its work force, eliminated cost elements and reduced the administration of the Company to a minimum. The Company has secured the rigs, the equipment belonging to the Company and also filed all drawings, documentation and engineering work easily accessible for potential buyers of the rigs. The rigs and the appurtenant equipment were prepared for the sale process.
The Company's assets have been marketed for sale since February 2008. After seeking protection under US Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, the Company engaged the offshore rig broker, RS Platou in the sale process.
In August 2008 the Company planned to enter an asset purchase agreement with a qualified buyer and then afford other interested entities an opportunity to submit higher bids. Acting through the rig broker, the Company solicited interest from a numerous number of drilling operators around the world. However, this process failed to attract a qualified buyer.

Thereafter, the Company moved for an order permitting to conduct an auction of the rigs. The Company proposed detailed auction procedures that were adopted by the US Court. The auction was scheduled to occur in November 2008. Unfortunately, after experiencing a prolonged and lasting financial crises and a significant drop in the oil price, no bidders submitted bids.
In November 2008 the Company was able to attract a bid from a well-known Mexican energy conglomerate, of $75 million for the rigs and appurtenant equipment. Subsequent negotiations increased the offer to $80 million. The parties entered into a letter of intent in which both parties agreed that a definitive agreement was to be signed by December, 2008. After the extent of additional funds necessary to complete the reactivation project of SS Viking Producer became clear and the prevailing distressed world-wide credit markets in the last quarter of 2008, the buyer withdrew its bid.
Immediately thereafter another Mexican entity undertook to complete the purchase transaction under the same terms and conditions. After a delay of several months, that buyer also failed to obtain financing and to make the required deposit.
Since then the Company has held numerous meetings with various other groups that expressed interest in buying the rigs and the equipment. None of those discussions yielded a letter of intent.
Once it became clear that an immediate sale of the rigs was unlikely, the Company and Its major creditor constituencies agreed that a plan of liquidation should be prepared and filed, and that the rigs should be transferred to Liquidating Trusts for further maintenance and eventual sale. Those discussions led to the formulation of the Plan of Liquidation (the "Plan", as described below).
Plan of Liquidation
On November 2, 2009 Norsk Tillitsmann (bond trustee on behalf of bondholders of the Viking Drilling ASA Bond Loans) and the Viking Drilling companies (collectively, the "Debtors"), filed a Joint Non-Consolidating Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation with the US Bankruptcy Court in Houston, Texas (the "Plan").
The Bankruptcy Court, after notice to Claim Holders of the Debtors, will hold a Confirmation hearing of the Plan on December 8, 2009 (the Confirmation Date). If the Bankruptcy Court confirms and approves the Plan at the Confirmation Date then the Plan will be effective on the Effective Date. (Effective Date" is to be a date selected by Norsk Tillitsmann and the Debtors not less than eleven 11 days after the Confirmation Date.
The main structure of the Plan is that on the Effective Date, each Debtor shall transfer all of the rights, title and interest in its assets to its respective Liquidating Trust, including title to the rigs; Viking Producer, Viking Prospector and Viking Century, together with all equipment on board or in storage facilities.
The Liquidating Trusts are created for the purpose of liquidating the Liquidating Trust Assets and then making distributions to certain holders of Allowed Claims.

The Bond Loans of Viking Drilling will continue with the same priority of claim after the transfer of the rigs to the Liquidating Trust and the rigs will continue to be marketed for sale by the Liquidating Trusts. However, based on current market conditions and financial markets, there is high uncertainty to the eventual level of funds that will be available for distribution to the creditors of the Viking Drilling Companies. Viking Drilling's shareholders will not receive or retain anything on account of their shares in Viking Drilling.
For purposes of meeting the expenses of each of the Liquidating Trusts until the Assets of the respective Trusts are liquidated, funds sufficient to meet the expenses and costs of the Liquidating Trusts will be advanced from Cash held by Viking Drilling ASA.
From and after the Effective Date, the Debtors shall not be required to file any document or take any other action and the Debtors will be dissolved.
Immediately after the Confirmation Date, Viking Drilling ASA will hold a Shareholder meeting in which dissolution of the Company will be on the agenda. Viking Drilling ASA and the Liquidating Trustee of Viking Drilling ASA will follow appropriate procedures under the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act to dissolve Viking Drilling ASA as soon as possible after the Effective Date.
Allow us to express our sincere and deepest regret that this project, although speculative and risky from the very beginning, failed to be an interesting and prosperous investment.
Sincerely Viking Drilling ASA
Board of Directors Christen Sveaas Chairman

