ISINNO 001 0622525
FIRST AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT to
the Bond Agreement between
EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited (Issuer) and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the Bond issue
15 per cent EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014

2/6
This first amendment and restatement agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated 31 January 2012 and made between
(1) EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited (a company incorporated in Cyprus with Company No. HE 288213, the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company NO. 963 342 624, the "Bond Trustee")
(together the "Parties")

1.

BACKGROUND

1.1 Pursuant to the Original Bond Agreement (as defined below), the Issuer issued bonds in the total amount of USD 88,000,000.

1.2 Pursuant to a summons for a Bondholders' Meeting dated 13 January 2012, the Issuer has requested that certain amendments be made to the Original Bond Agreement, and at the time of signing of this Amendment Agreement the proposed amendments have been accepted by at least 2/3 o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting..

2.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS

2.1

Definitions

In this Amendment Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

"Amended Bond Agreement" means the Original Bond Agreement as amended by this Amendment Agreement in the form set out in Appendix 2 (Form o fFirst Amended Bond Agreement),

"Effective Date" means the date of this Amendment Agreement.

"O riginal Bond Agreement" means the bond agreement dated 15 July 2011 and entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee regarding the "15per cent FOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014" with ISIN No. 001 0622525.

2.2

Incorporation of defined terms

In this Amendment Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, (a) a term defined in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) of the Amended Bond Agreement has the same meaning when used in this Amendment Agreement and (b) the principles o f construction set out in Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Amended Bond Agreement shall apply to this Amendment Agreement.

3.

EFFECTIVENESS AND CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

The provisions o f Clause 4 (Amendment and Restatement) shall become effective on the Effective Date provided, however, that this Amendment Agreement shall not be effective until all of the conditions precedent set out in Appendix 1 (Conditions Precedent) have been fulfilled to the

3/6

satisfaction o f the Bond Trustee. The Bond Trustee shall notify the Issuer promptly upon being so satisfied.

4.

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT

4.1

Amendment and Restatement

With effect from theEffective Date, the Original Bond Agreement will be amended and restated as set

4.2

Amendments to Finance Documents

With effect from the Effective Date all references in each Finance Document to (i) the Bond Agreement (howsoever defined therein) shall be deemed to be references to the Amended Bond Agreement as the same may be further amended or supplemented or restated from time to time and (ii) the Finance Documents or any of them shall be deemed to be reference to such Finance Document as amended and/or supplemented by this Amendment Agreement and as the same may from time to time be further amended or supplemented or restated from time to time,

4.3 Continuing obligations and effect

The provisions o f the original Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents shall, save as amended and restated by this Amendment Agreement, continue in full force and effect,

5.

FEES AND EXPENSES

The provisions of Clause 14 {Fees and Expenses) of the Amended Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Amendment Agreement as if set out in full in this Amendment Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Bond Agreement" are references to this Amendment Agreement.

6.

MISCELLANEOUS

6.1

Incorporation of terms

The provisions of Clause 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Amended Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Amendment Agreement as set out in full in this Amendment Agreement and as if references hi those clauses to "this Bond Agreement" are references to tills Amendment Agreement.

6.2

Additional Finance Document

This Amendment Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purpose of the Amended Bond Agreement.

7.

GOVERNING LAW

This Amendment Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.

4/6
* #*
This Amendment Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
Bond Trustee By: T t e e m J C l OAJV, Position:

5/6
APPENDIX 1
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
1. The Bond Trustee and Cyprus Owning Company ARV1 shall have entered into a Deed of Covenants relating to ARV1 governed by English law (the "Deed of Covenants").
2. The Bond Trustee shall have received an opinion addressed to it and in form and substance satisfactory to it, dated the Effective Date from Cypriot counsel to the Issuer covering the Issuer's due authority and capacity to enter into (a) the Deed of Covenants and (b) the Amendment Agreement.
3. The Bond Trustee shall have received in form and substance satisiactory to it a certified copy of die minutes from a meeting of the Issuer's board of directors during which die board approved the Issuer's entry into the (a) the Deed o f Covenants and (b) the Amendment Agreement.

6/6
APPENDIX 2 FORM OF FIRST AMENDED BOND AGREEMENT

Execution Version ISIN NO 0010622525
BOND AGREEMENT between
EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders
in the bond issue
15 per cent EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1. INTERPRETATION............................................................................................................... 2

2. THE BONDS......................................................................................................................... 12

3. LISTING.................................................................................................................................13

4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER............................................................ 13

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS.....................................................................14

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.............................................................................................. 15

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.....................................................................17

8. STATUS OF THE BONDS, SECURITY AND APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS..........20

9. INTEREST............................................................................................................................. 21

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS, CALL OPTION AND REDEMPTION.......................... 22

11. PAYMENTS.......................................................................................................................... 25

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS..............................................................................26

13. COVENANTS...........................................................

26

14. FEES AND EXPENSES....................................................................................................... 35

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT...................................................................................................... 35

16. BONDHOLDERS ' MEETING............................................................................................39

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE........................................................................................................ 41

18. MISCELLANEOUS..............................................................................................................43

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE SCHEDULE 2 REPETITION OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SCHEDULE 3 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

2/52
This Bond Agreement has been entered into on 15 July 2011 between:
(1) EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in Cyprus with registered address at Arch. Makariou III, 195, Neocleous House, 3030 Limassol, Cyprus and company registration number HE 288213as issuer (the "Issuer"); and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 963 342 624 as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
Unless defined elsewhere in this Bond Agreement, or the context suggests otherwise, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Acceptable Bank" means
(i) a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a minimum "A" credit rating from S&P or Moody's or a comparable rating from a nationally recognised credit ranking agency for its long term debt obligations; or
(ii) a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking business in Norway.
"Account Bank" means DnB NOR Bank ASA or any other first class international bank with minimum "A" credit rating from S&P or Moody's or acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
"Account M anager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Account Pledges" means the Escrow Account Pledge, Earnings Account Pledges and the Retention Account Pledge.
"Accounts" means
(i) the Escrow Account;
(ii) the Retention Account; and
(iii) tire Earnings Accounts.
"ARV1" means "ARV1", a converted passenger/ Ro-Ro vessel (IMO No. 7816874) built in 1979 in Papenburg, Germany, to be acquired by Cyprus Owning Company ARV1 in accordance with Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization) and registered in the Madeira Ship Registry with call sign CQMX, including all relevant equipment that is part of the accommodation vessel scope (being attached to the vessel or not).
"ARVI Earnings Account" means the account established by Cyprus Owning Company ARV1 with the Account Bank, into which all earnings related to ARVI and payable to the Cyprus Owning Company ARVI shall be paid directly from the contracting party. The ARVI Earnings Account shall be pledged (but not blocked) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and

the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set-off rights, to the extent permitted by law.
"ARV2" means "Normandy", a passenger/Ro-Ro vessel (IMO No,7901772), built in 198'2 in Gothenburg, Sweden, to be acquired by New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2 in accordance with Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization) and registered in the Cyprus Ship Registry with call sign 5BDU2, including all relevant equipment that is part of the accommodation vessel scope (being attached to the vessel or not).
"ARV2 Earnings Account" means the account established by New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2 with the Account Bank, into which all earnings related to ARV2 and payable to the New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2 shall be paid directly from the contracting party. The ARV2 Earnings Account shall be pledged (but not blocked) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set-off rights, to the extent permitted by law.
"ARV3" means the vessel "Norman Bridge" to be renamed "ARV3", with official number 731850, registered in the UK ship register (MCA)
"Assignment of Claims" means a first priority assignment of any monetary claims the Parent will have from time to time against any member of the Group (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, the Parent's claims under the Shareholder Loan), in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Assignment of Earnings" means a first priority assignment of earnings payable to the Owning Companies (including earnings under any Charter Contract) related to the Vessels, in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders). The Owning Companies shall give notices to and use its best endeavours to procure the acknowledgements of such assignment from its respective counterparties, including but not limited to any Charter Contracts.
"Assignment of Insurances" means the first priority assignment of any relevant insurances related to the Vessels and the equipment related thereto, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
"Assignment of Management Agreements" means a first priority assignment of the Business Management Agreement in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), including declaration of subordination of any amounts payable by the Issuer and/or the Owning Companies to the claims of the Bondholders upon an Event of Default. The assigmnent shall also include direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights provided 60 days prior notice, and the Issuer and/or the Owning Companies shall give notice and obtain consent and acknowledgement from the Vessel Managers under the Business Management Agreement.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.

4/52

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16 {Bondholder's Meeting).

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.

"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo, London and New York.

"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day {No Adjustments o f Business Day).

"Business Management Agreement" means the business management agreement between the Issuer and the Parent.

"Call Option" means the call option described in Clause 10.3 {Call Option) below.

"Capex" means investments and capital expenditures, being expenditures spent to upgrade, maintain or renew existing production factors, and regarded as capex pursuant to GAAP.

"Cash and Cash Equivalent" means, the amounts on such date of the then current market value of:

(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an Acceptable Bank; and

(b) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an Acceptable Bank,

in each case, to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at that time and to which any such Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any Encumbrance. For the sake of good order, any amount standing to the credit of any Earnings Account(s) shall be regarded as free and unrestricted cash as long as no Event of Default has occurred under any of the Finance Documents, while no amount standing to the credit of the Escrow Account and the Retention Account shall be regarded as free and unrestricted cash.

"Cash Surplus Amount" is equal to:

(a)

the aggregate of all Cash and Cash Equivalents o f the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on the

relevant calculation date; less

(b) USD 10,000,000.

5/52
"Cash Sweep Redemption" means an early redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means if any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the outstanding shares and/or voting capital of the Parent.
"C harter Contracts" means any charter contract for the employment of the Vessels, being employment contracts with third parties. Any such third party employment contract for any of the Vessels must be entered into by the Owning Companies,
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.
"Cyprus Owning Company ARV1" means EOAL Cyprus ARV1 Limited (Company registration number HE288807 and having its registered office at Arch. Makariou III, 195, Neocleous House, 3030 Limassol, Cyprus), a company 100% directly owned by the Issuer, and to become the direct owner of ARV1 in accordance with Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization).
"Default" means an Event o f Default or any event or circumstance specified in Clause 15 (Events o f Default) which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination under the Finance Documents or any combination o f any o f the foregoing) be an Event of Default.
"Disbursement" means release of funds from the Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 6.2 {Conditions Precedentfo r Disbursement).
"Earnings Accounts" means the ARV1 Earnings Account and the ARV2 Earnings Account.
"Earnings Account Pledges" means a first priority pledge over each of the Owning Companies ' claims against the Account Bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of each of the Owning Companies in the Earnings Accounts, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f itself and the Bondholders).
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment byw ay of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect o f conferring security.
"Equity Increase" means a cash equity increase in the Parent in the amount of minimum USD 10,000,000 within 31 December 2012.
"Escrow Account" means the Issuer's client account held with the Bond Trustee, being an account with account number 1250.04.73000 (IBAN NO 0412500473000) held with DnB NOR Bank ASA, into which the net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred on the Settlement Date. The Escrow Account shall be blocked and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any

6/52
set-off rights. The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be used according to Clause 2.3 {Purpose and utilization).
"Escrow Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the Account Bank for the amount standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Escrow Account (according to Norwegian law), in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means any securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Finance Documents" means:
(i) this Bond Agreement;
(ii) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto);
(iii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2; and
(iv) any other document the Issuer and the Bond Trustee agree to be a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:
(i) moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit);
(ii) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;
(iii) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with Norwegian accounting principles (IFRS adjusted), be treated as a finance or capital lease;
(iv) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis);
(v) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under Norwegian accounting principles (IFRS adjusted);
(vi) the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is airanged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition o f that asset;
(vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account);

7/52

(viii) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect o f a

borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not

(including any forward sale of purchase agreement);

_

(ix) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions; and

(x) (without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer and the Parent, respectively (unconsolidated and consolidated basis for the Group and the Parent Group (as the case may be)), for any financial year, prepared in accordance with IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.

"Floating Charge" means a first priority floating charge (and, if practically possible, a fixed charge over certain assets) or similar security over all assets of the Issuer and each of the Owning Companies which will include all relevant equipment and if possible any IP-rights and operating manuals,

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the IFRS and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries.

"Guarantee" means unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantees from the Guarantors on a joint and several basis.

"Guarantors" means the Owning Companies and the Parent.

"IFRS" means the simplified International Financial Reporting Standards.

"Interest Payment Date" means 15 July and 15 January each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds,

"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.

"Joint Venture Transaction" means a transaction where (i) the Issuer transforms the New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2 to a joint venture company in which the Issuer shall be the direct owner of 50 % and the joint venture partner shall be the owner of 50 %; or (ii) ARVf `

X/52
sold to a joint venture company in which the Issuer shall be the direct owner o f 50 % and the joint venture partner shall be the owner of 50 % (each a "Joint Venture Company").
"Managers" means the managers for this Bond Issue, being Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gate 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway; and RS Platou Markets AS, Haakon VII's gate 10, NO0116 Oslo, Norway.
"Management Agreements" means the Operational Management Agreement and the Business Management Agreement.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means either one of the following events:
(i) save for a Joint Venture Transaction, any of the Vessels are sold or otherwise disposed of;
(ii) die Parent's 100% ownership, directly or indirectly, in the shares of the Issuer changes;
(iii) save for a Joint Venture Transaction, the Issuer's 100% ownership, directly or indirectly, in the Owning Companies changes;
(iv) in the event of a Joint Venture Transaction, if ARV2 is sold or otherwise disposed of;
(v) in the event of a Joint Venture Transaction, if the Issuer's ownership, directly or indirectly, in the shares of the Joint Venture Company is reduced below 50 %; or
(vi) there is a Total Loss Event.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(i) the financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole,
(ii) any of the Issuer's, the Owning Companies' and the Parent's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents; or
(iii) the validity or enforceability of any Finance Document.
"Maturity Date" means 15 July 2014 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mortgage" means a first priority mortgage over the Vessels including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Vessels, including a deed of covenants supplemental to the Mortgage and to the security thereby created (if applicable).
"New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2" means EOAL Cyprus ARV2 Limited (Company registration number HE 288793 and having its registered office at Arch. Makariou III, 195, Neocleous House, 3030 Limassol, Cyprus, a company 100 % owned by the Issuer, and to become the direct owner of ARV2 in accordance with Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization).

V/52
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligors" means the Issuer and the Guarantors.
"Operational Management Agreement" means the technical and commercial management agreement between the Issuer and VSliips on ordinary "shipman" terms.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Owning Companies" means Cyprus Owning Company ARV1 and New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2.
"Parent" means Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited (Company registration number 200714986E and having its registered office at 4 Shenton Way, #17-01 SGX Centre II, Singapore 068807), being the direct 100% owner of the Issuer.
"Parent Group" means the Parent with all its current axrd fixture Subsidiaiies.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Tnxstee who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with inspect to the Bonds.
"Paym ent Date" means a date for payment o f principal or interest.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the interim unaudited reports of the Issuer and the Parent, respectively (unconsolidated and consolidated basis for the Group and the Parent Group (as the case may be)) as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to be prepared in accordance with IFRS, and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"Related Party" means subsidiary of the parent in which the Parent owns more than 5 % of the shares..
"Relevant Record Date" means a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Paying Agent and VPS in connection with the repayment as set out in Clauses 10.3 (Call Option) and 10.5 (Mandatory Redemption),
"Retention Account" means an account held by the Issuer with the Account Bank in order to service interest on this Bond Issue and to be funded in accordance with Clauses 8.2 and 13.4(b). The account shall be pledged axxd blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set-off rights.
"Retention Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the Account Bank for the amount standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Retention Account (according to Norwegian law), in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).

10/52

"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.

"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments o f 5 July 2002 No. 64.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as security agent pursuant to Clause 17.4 (Appointment o f Security Agent).

"Security Documents" means any document establisliiug, recording, confirming or preserving any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.

"Security Interest" means any Encumbrance or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by the Security Documents securing tire obligations o f the Obligors under any Finance Document, including but not limited to:

(a)

from and including the Settlement Date and up until the Disbursement;

(i) the Escrow Account Pledge; and

(b) prior to or simultaneously with Disbursement and thereafter;

(i) the Guarantee;

(ii) tire Floating Charges;

(iii) the Account Pledges (save for the Escrow Account Pledge);

(iv) the Stamp Duty Escrow Account Pledge;

(v) tire Assignment of Earnings;

(vi) the Share Pledges;

(vii) the Assignment of Claims;

(viii) the Assignment of Management Agreements;

(ix) die Assignment of Insurances; and

(x) the Mortgage.

"Settlement Date" means 15 July 2011.

"SG&A" means all selling, general and administrative expenses of the Issuer and the Owning Companies including any management fees to companies other than the Issuer and the Owning Companies excluding management fee to the Operational Manager.

"Shareholder Loan" means the loan in the amount of approximately USD 60,000,000 granted by the Parent to any member of the Group in connection with the reorganization of the Parent Group, subject to the Subordination Agreement.

11/52
"Share Pledges" means first priority pledges over all of the shares (100%) in each of the Issuer and the Owning Companies and, in the event of a Joint Venture Transaction, over the shares held by the Issuer in the Joint Venture Company, together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon a Default) from current board members as well as covenants to obtain such from future board members.
"Stamp Duty Escrow Account" means an account held by the Issuer, into which an amount sufficient to cover any potential stamp duty which may incur in Cyprus shall be transferred on Disbursement, such amount to be determined by Cyprus local counsel. The Stamp Duty Escrow Account shall be blocked and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set-off rights.
"Stamp Duty Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the Account Bank for the amount standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Stamp Duty Escrow Account (according to Norwegian law), in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
"Subordination Agreement" means a subordination agreement entered into between the Bond Trustee, the Issuer and the Parent, to include, inter alia, provisions on frill subordination (both in terms o f payment of interest, principal and priority) and that there shall be no enforcement rights under the Shareholder Loan as long as any amount under the Bond Issue is outstanding.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity,
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and `T ax" and `Taxation" shall be construed accordingly,
"Teclmoil Recovery" means the process o f the Issuer and/or Parent attempting to recover funds arising out of, in connection with or as a result o f the charter agreement between Cyprus Owning Company ARV1 and Technoil-Technologica a Servicos LDA Angola"
"T otal Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of any of the Vessels.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
"Vessel Managers" means the managers under the Business Management Agreement and the Operational Management Agreement, respectively.
"Vessels" means ARV1 and ARV2.

12/52

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease o f reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or

re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such

law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions

relating to such provision or regulation;

(1)

references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors

of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the

ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise;

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, Hind, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality); and

(h) a Default or an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been waived or remedied.

2. THE BONDS
2.1 Binding nature of the Bond Agreement
2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement and the Finance Documents on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been duly registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1 (The Community of Bondholders).
2.1.2 The Bond Agreement is available Com the Bond Trustee or the Issuer throughout the entire term of the Bonds.
2.2 The Bond Issue

13/52

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum aggregate amount o f USD 88,000,000 (US Dollars eighty eight million).

2.2.2 The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1 each and rank pari passu between each other.

2.2.3 The Bond Issue will be described as " 15 per cent EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014".

2.2.4 The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) o f the Bond Issue will be NO 0010622525.

2.2.5 The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Settlement Date up to and including the Maturity Date.

2.2.6 The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred to the Escrow Account on the Settlement Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization
2.3.1 The net proceeds from the Bond Issue (it being understood that net of legal costs, fees o f the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses are to be deducted from the Escrow Account as fees & expenses as set out in the table below) is expected to be employed by the Issuer and the Parent exclusively as follows:

A llf ig u r e s !n U SD m ! ............ ................. . N e w 1st Ire n b o n d
Sum

85.4

Existing bond
A ccru ed and unpaid in te re st o n e x istin g bond R e d e m p tio n p re m iu m o f e x istin g b o n d @ 2,5% W ith h o ld in g tax on bond in te rest S e m b a w a n g y a rd loan (in clu d in g any accrued and unpaid in te re st) C u rre n t accou nts payable Fees & expenses Cash to th e R etention A ccount Cash to balance sheet

85.4 Sum

i. ' | -1 'ii

~ 34.4 P a re n t

~ 13.0 P a re n t
~ 1.0 P a r e n t

~

i . i Parent

~ 13.6 P arent

~

9.0 Parent

~ 4.7 Issuer

~

6.6 Issuer

~

2.0 Issuer

8 5 .4

3. LISTING 3.1 The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on an Exchange, but shall have the right to list
the Bonds if it so desires.
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER
4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register in accordance with the Securities Register Act and the terms and conditions of the Securities Register.

H /S2
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes to any of the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of any such notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.
5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5 {Purchase and Transfer o fBonds), the Bonds
are freely transferable and maybe pledged.
5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.
5.4 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Investors" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons residents in Canada, Japan, Australia or Republic of Cyprus, and any offer to purchase or subscribe for the Bonds shall not be capable of being accepted by any party other than by the party or parties to whom such offer was made and shall not be renounceable in favour of parties other than the party or parties to whom such offer was made..
No invitation to subscribe for or purchase of the Bonds will be circulated or distributed, nor may the Bonds be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275 (1) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 275 (1A) of the SFA and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of any other applicable provisions of the SFA.

15/52

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1 Conditions Precedent for Settlement Date

6.1.1 Issuance o f the Bonds and disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer's Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a)

this Bond Agreement duly executed;

(b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(c)

certified copies of the constitutional documents of the Issuer;

(d) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and to execute the relevant Finance Documents (including any Security Documents) and any other documents related to or required under the Bond Agreement;

(e)

a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the

relevant Finance Documents (including any Security Documents to which it is party), or

extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals

authorized to sign on behalfof each such party;

(f)

the latest Financial Statements and the latest Quarterly Financial Reports of the Parent;

(g) to the extent necessary, any governmental approvals, consents, waivers and/or public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;

(i)

written compliance confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.2 (Repetition);

(j)

documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1

(Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement) and copies of any written documentation made

public by the Issuer or the Managers in connection with the Bond Issue;

(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee; and

(l)

the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including

notice to and acknowledgement from the Account Bank).

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.1.
6.1.3 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Managers and the Paying Agent confirming that the

16/32

documents listed in Clause 6.1.1 (to the extent applicable) have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
6.1.4 Subject to the conditions set out in Clause 6.1.1, and following receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.3, the Managers shall on the Settlement Date transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to die Escrow Account.
6.2 Conditions Precedent for Disbursement 6.2.1 The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the Purpose of the Bond
Issue as set out in Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization). Disbursement from the Escrow Account of the net proceeds from the Bonds will be subject to die following documents being received by the Bond Trustee, in a form and substance satisfactory to it:
(a) certified copies of the constitutional documents of the Parent and the Owning Companies;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Parent and the Owning Companies to execute the relevant Finance Documents (including any Security Documents) and any other documents related to or required under the Bond Agreement;

(c)

a power of attorney from the Parent and the Owning Companies to relevant individuals

for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents (including any Security

Documents to which it is party), or extracts from the relevant register or similar

documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of each such

party;

(d) a duly executed release request from the Issuer in form and substance as set out in Attachment 3 hereto;

(e)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in

accordance with Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization)',

(f)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Accounts (except the Escrow Account)

have been opened;

(g) the Stamp Duty Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including notice to and acknowledgement from the Account Bank);

(h) no (potential) Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(i)

all relevant Security Interest, including the Mortgage, being executed and perfected;

(j)

all other Finance Documents duly executed (if applicable);

(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;

(l)

steps plan for the re-organisation prior to disbursement;

(m) satisfactory evidence that the re-organisation has been completed;

17/52
(n) satisfactory evidence that the payments under die Charter Contract due as per the date of Disbursement has been made to the Issuer;
(o) pro-forma balance sheet dated on the Settlement Date showing that the Issuer has no other Financial Indebtedness dian such Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents, duly certified by a director of the Parent; and
(p) satisfactory evidence of all insurances being taken out in the form of an insurance report.
6.2.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.2.1.

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 7.1 Representations and Warranties
The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status

The Issuer and the Owning Companies are limited liability companies, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdictions in which they are registered, and has the power to own their assets and carry on their business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

The Issuer and the Owning Companies have the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise their entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which they are parties as well as the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein and upon registration of applicable Security Interests in the public registers of the jurisdictions concerned) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable in order to render said documents enforceable against the Issuer or (he Owning Companies, or in order for any Security Interest created (or to be created) by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations

IS/52
The entry into and performance by the Issuer and the Owning Companies of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which they are parlies, and the transactions contemplated thereby, do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) the Issuer or the Owning Companies' memorandum of association, bye-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or the Owning Companies or any of their assets.
(e) No event o fdefault
No Default or Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse o f time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment o f any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or the Owning Companies or any of their assets and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(!) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer or the Owning Companies in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer or the Owning Companies to carry on their business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of.or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements etc.
The most recently audited Financial Statements and the most recent Quarterly Financial Report of the Issuer and the Parent, respectively, fairly and accurately, together with the Private Placement Memorandum, reflect the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities
As of the date of the most recently audited Financial Statements, the Issuer and the Parent had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments, which were not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto or in the Private Placement Memorandum.

19/52

(j)

A'o Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer or the Parent or otherwise within the Group that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) No misleading information

All financial information provided to the subscribers of Bonds and/or to the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represents the latest available financial information concerning the Issuer and the Parent, and there has been no change in the Issuer's or the Parent's financial position which could have a Material Adverse Effect.

(!) Environmental compliance

The Issuer and the Owning Companies are in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation, and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Intellectual property

The Issuer and the Owning Companies have undisputed, valid and good title to (a) their patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets, rights and interests.

(n) No withholdings
The Issuer and the Owning Companies are not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(o) Pari passu ranking

The Issuer, Parent and Owning Companies' payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.

(p) Encumbrances

No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of the Issuer, the Parent or the Owning Companies in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

(q)

Compliance with laws

The Vessels shall not be utilised in conflict with applicable laws and regulations which it is subject to from time to time.

20/52
7.2 Repetition 7.2.1 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 {Representations and Warranties) are
made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Settlement Date as set out in Clauses 6.2 {Conditions Precedentfo r Disbursement). 7.2.2 The Bond Trustee may prior to the Settlement Date and Disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer and the Parent confirming compliance with Clause 7.1 {Representations and Warranties) in the form set out in Attachment 2 hereto.
7.3 Misrepresentation In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of any reliance on the representations and warranties provided herein.

8. STATUS OF THE BONDS, SECURITY AND APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS

8.1 Ranking and priority

8.1.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer and secured on a first priority basis by the Security Interest and otherwise rank at least pari passu with all the claims of the other creditors of the Issuer, the Parent and the Owning Companies' (save for such claims which are mandatorily preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).

8.1.2

The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents are duly executed by the Issuer and any other security provider in favour of the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the Bondholders) and that the Security Documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect at all times.

8.1.3 The Issuer shall procure the execution of such further documentation required in order for the Bondholders to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder (subject only to any restrictions imposed by mandatory law and it being understood that customary limitation language will be included if so required), including but not limited to in light of the governing law of the Charter Contract and any specific issues related thereto, and upon any change of parties (inter alia Account Bank, Vessel Managers and any intra-group charterer and/or client under any Charter Contract) to the respective contracts and agreements being assigned or pledged.

8.1.4

If required by any customer of the Vessels under a Charter Contract, the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall, to ensure the undisturbed use of the Vessel, be authorized to issue a quiet enjoyment letter on customary terms in respect of the Vessel (the "Quiet Enjoyment L e tte r").

8.2 Application of proceeds prior to an Event of Default

8.2.1 All gross earnings related to the Vessels and payable to Cyprus Owning Company ARV1 and New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2 shall be paid into die Earnings Accounts.

8.2.2 The Retention Account shall be built up in accordance with Clause 13.4(b) {Retention Account).

n /5 2

8.2.3 Cash Sweep Redemptions shall be undertaken in accordance with Clause 10.2 (Cash Sweep Redemption).
8.2.4 The Bonds may be redeemed as a Call Option in accordance with Clause 10.3 (Call Option).
8.3 Application of proceeds following an Event of Default Following an Event of Default proceeds or monies shall be applied as follows and in the order mentioned:

(a)

firstly; in respect of all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred by the Bond Trustee,

and the Issuer will indemnify the Bond Trustee for all costs and expenses in any event;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of all sums secured by the Finance Documents;

(c)

finally, the balance (if any), shall be paid to the Issuer.

8.4 Joint Venture Transaction
8.4.1 Upon tlie occurrence of a Joint Venture Transaction the Issuer may request the Bond Trustee by way of a release request (the "Joint Venture Release Request") to:
(a) release the security provided by New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2 (including the mortgage over ARV2);

(b) amend the share pledge over the shares in New Owning Company ARV2 to be limited to the Issuer's shares in New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2 (if applicable) and

(c) release of the guarantee obligation of New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2,

in each case without any prepayment obligation on part of the Issuer.

8.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall accept the Joint Venture Release Request provided that no Event of Default has occurred.
8.4.3 The Issuer may enter into a Joint Venture Transaction in the event that:
(a) a firm contract for the employment of ARV2 has been secured (i) for a period of minimum 12 months with a reputable client and (ii) which on a pro-fonna basis is capable of providing the Joint Venture Company with a minimum vessel EBITDA of USD 12 million on a yearly basis pursuant to the terms of the contract; and

(b) sufficient financing has been secured by the Joint Venture partner in an amount being sufficient to meet the conversion costs in converting the ARV2 into an Accommodation Offshore Repair Vessel. The valuation of ARV2 in the Joint Venture shall be at least USD 25,000,000.

9. INTEREST
9.1.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Settlement Date at a fixed rate of 15.00 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

22/52

9.1.2 Interest payments shall be made semi-annually in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates. The first Interest Payment Date falls in January 2012.

9.1.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.1.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number o f days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months, unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other dian the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month ofFebruary shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).

9.1.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest amount

Face value

X

Fixed

Rate

X

Fixed Rate

day count fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS, CALL OPTION AND REDEMPTION 10.1 M aturity 10.1.1 The Bonds shall be repaid as follows:
(a) with USD 6,500,000 at the Interest Payment Date falling in July 2012;

(b) with USD 6,500,000 at the Interest Payment Date falling in January 2013;

(c) with USD 6,500,000 at the Interest Payment Date falling in July 2013;

(d) with USD 6,500,000 at the Interest Payment Date falling in January 2014; and

(e)

all outstanding Bonds at the Maturity Date.

10.1.2 The repayments shall be carried out pro rata between the Bonds according to the procedures of the Security Register and shall be made at 100 % of par value plus accrued and unpaid interest.
10.2 Cash Sweep Redemption
10.2.1 The Issuer shall procure that an amount equal to the Cash Surplus Amount (ifany) is applied to redeem Outstanding Bonds on a pro-rata basis ("Cash Sweep Redemption") on the next Interest Payment Date at. Subject to Clause 10.2.3, the Outstanding Bonds shall be redeemed at a price of 100% ofpar value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount). The Cash Surplus Amount shall be determined twenty (20) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date and the amount shall be paid together with the interest.

23/52

10.2.2 The Cash Sweep Redemption, if applicable, shall take place no earlier than the Interest Payment Date falling in July 2012.
10.2.3 If any part of the Cash Surplus Amount includes amounts not relating to gross earnings ("NonQualiiied Earnings"), then the Issuer shall redeem the Bonds on a pro-rata basis as follows :
(i) firstly, an amount equal to the Non-Qualified Earnings shall be redeemed at a price equivalent to the price of the Call Option as set out in Clause 10.3; and then

(ii) secondly, the remaining Cash Surplus Amount shall be redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.2,1.

10.2.4 The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (through the Bond Tmstee) in writing about any exercise of the Cash Sweep Redemption at least fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the applicable Interest Payment Date.

10.3 Call Option

10.3.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or nothing) at any time from and including:

(a)

the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in July 2012 at a

price equivalent to the sum of:

(i) the present value on the Relevant Record Date of 108 % of the par value discounted from the Interest Payment Date in July 2012; and

(ii) the present value on the Relevant Record Date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2012,

both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned Interest Payment Date in July 2012) (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(b)

the date falling one (1) year after Settlement Date to, but not including, die Interest

Payment Date in July 2013 at a price equal to 108.00 % of par value (plus accrued

interest on redeemed amount); and

(c)

the Interest Payment Date in July 2013 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price

equal to 106.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

10.3.2 The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (through VPS) in writing about any exercising of the Call Option at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of such Call Option exercise.
10.3.3 On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each Bondholder, the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds held by such Bondholder (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued on such Bonds up to the settlement date.
10.4 Change of Control

24/52

10.4.1 Upon tlie occurrence of a Change o f Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right o f re payment (a "P u t Option") o f its Bonds at a price of 100 % of par value (plus accrued interest).
10.4.2 The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of the Change of Control Event. Such notification to the Bondholders shall be given as soon as possible and in any event within two (2) Business Days after a Change of Control Event has taken place.
10.4.3 The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of die request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the repayment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be three (3) Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the prepayment request pursuant to Clause 10.4.2.
10.4.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each Bondholder holding Bonds to be repaid, the principal amount of each such Bond (at the price pursuant to Clause 10.4.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date of the Put Option.
10.5 M andatory Redemption
10.5.1 Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Prepayment Event (other dian a Total Loss Event) the Issuer shall, on or about the day the Issuer is receiving the proceeds following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, redeem 100 % of the Outstanding Bonds at a price as follows:
(a) if occurring Horn die Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in July 2012 at a price equivalent to the sum of:

(i) the present value on the Relevant Record Date of 108 % of the par value (plus accrued interest) discounted from the Interest Payment Date in July 2012; and

(ii) die present value on the Relevant Record Date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2012,

both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned Interest Payment Date in July 2012) (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(b) if occurring from the Interest Payment Date in July 2012 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in July 2013 at a price equal to 108.00 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and

(c)

if occurring from Interest Payment Date in July 2013 to, but not including, the Maturity

Date at a price equal to 106.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed

amount).

25/52
10.5.2 For the avoidance o f doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date the repayment is carried out.
10.5.3 Upon the occurrence of a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds are available redeem 100% of the Outstanding Bonds at 100% ofpar value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
10.5.4 If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Clause 10.5 (Mandatory Redemption), the entire amount on the Accounts may be used as partly payment for the redemption.
10.5.5 The Bond Trustee and the Bondholders shall be notified by the Issuer in writing about any mandatory redemption according to this Clause 10.5 {Mandatory Redemption), at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of any such mandatory redemption. On the settlement date of a mandatory redemption, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date of such mandatory redemption.
11. PAYMENTS
11.1 Payment mechanics
11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.
11.1.2 Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2 {Cwrency).
11.2 Currency
11.2.1 Each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement maybe delayed, and payment shall be considered to have been made at that date.
11.2.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any
other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, a Bondholder has not given such instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1 within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Register.
11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
11.3 Set-off and counterclaims

26/52
The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document,
11.4 Interest in the event of late payment 11.4.1 In the event that payment o f interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the
amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 (Interest) plus 5.00 percentage points. 11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full. 11.4.3 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1, cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.6. 11.5 Irregular payments In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11,1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.
12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13. COVENANTS 13.1 General 13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the
Bondholders), as further stated below. 13.1.2 The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of Disbursement and until
such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless tire Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver. 13.1.3 For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of a Joint Venture Transaction, the covenants in this Clause 13 shall no longer be in force in relation to the New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2. 13.2 Information Covenants The Issuer shall:
(a) produce Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports and make them available on its website (in addition to sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year (for Financial

2VS2

Statements) and 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period (for Quarterly Financial Reports);

(b) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(c) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Group, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(d) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(e) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register;

(f)

within a reasonable time and subject to regulations applicable to the Issuer and the

Parent being followed, provide such information about the Parent Group's financial

condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request;

(g) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Default, and without undue delay inform the Bond Trustee of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to a Default;

(h) promptly upon becoming aware of them, and without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any material litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against the Group, and other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect; and

(i)

provide the Bondholders with the following information (to be posted on

www.stamdala.no):

(a) any material updates to the status of the Technoil Recovery; and

(b) monthly management cash flows, within 14 days of each month end until the month end immediately following the payment in full of the interest payment originally due on 15 January 2012 and the interest payment due on 15 July 2012.

13.2.2 The Issuer shall at the request o f the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to cany out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.
13.2.3 The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause (a), confirm the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee in writing. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the form set out as Attachment 1 hereto, signed by a director of the Issuer and the Parent. In the event of non-

2H/S2
compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the nature o f and reasons for such non compliance, as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and/or will lake in order to rectify the non-compliance. 13.3 General Covenants (a) Ranking and subordination
(i) The Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all the Issuer's other unsubordinated creditors, save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that all of the Issuer's debt towards Parent or any other company in the Parent's group (if any) and all payments to the Vessel Managers under the Management Agreements are fully subordinated to the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents. The subordination referred to in this Clause 13.3(a)(ii) shall not prevent the Issuer to service such obligations as long as no Default has occurred and is continuing.
(b) Security
The Issuer shall maintain the Security Documents in good condition and repair, and do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that such security remains duly created, enforceable and perfected first priority, at the expense of the Issuer or the relevant security provider (as the case maybe).
13.4 Account Covenants (a) General
(i) The Issuer shall ensure that all Accounts (except the Escrow Account) of the Issuer and the Owning Companies shall be held with the Account Bank, and that all gross earnings relating to ARV1 and ARV2 and payable to the Owning Companies are applied as set out in Clause 8.2 (Application o fproceeds prior to an Event o fDefault).
(ii) All Accounts shall be pledged in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
(iii) All gross earnings of the Owning Companies and all net earnings related to the Vessels shall be paid directly from the relevant contracting party into the Earnings Accounts.
(iv) The Earnings Accounts may be blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) if a Default has occurred, and for as long as such Default is continuing.
(h) Retention Account

29/52

The Issuer shall in connection with the release from the Escrow Account deposit an amount of USD 6,375,000 (i.e. equal to six (6) months interest on the Bond Issue) from the Escrow Account to the Retention Account. Such amount shall be used to pay the first interest payment. Thereafter, the Issuer shall ensure that the Retention Account is built up with monthly payments of 1/6 of the amount payable to meet the next interest payment according to Clause 9 {Interest) and next ordinary principal payment pursuant to Clause 10.1 {Maturity).

For the avoidance of any doubt, the transfer to the Retention Account shall take place regardless of whether any earnings are actually payable to ARV1 and ARV2.

13.5 Corporate and operational matters (a) Amendment o f constitutional documents

The Issuer shall not amend its constitutional documents except:

(i) amendments related to the issuance o f new shares to the Parent in connection with conversion of debt to equity or otherwise, always provided that such new shares shall be pledged pursuant to the Share Charge; or

(ii) amendments which may not, at any time, directly or indirectly, jeopardise or otherwise be detrimental to the Security Interest.

(b) Continuation o fbusiness

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, cease to carry out its business or change the nature of its business, except for mergers and de-mergers under (d) below if such transactions would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)

Disposal o f business

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets (including, but not limited to, the Vessels) or operations (in connection with a sale to a third party or an internal reorganization), unless the Bonds are redeemed in full in accordance with Clause 10.5 {Mandatory Redemption), except for mergers and de-mergers permitted under (d) below.

(d) Mergers and de-mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any

(i) merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the relevant Subsidiary with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect; or

(ii) de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the relevant Subsidiary into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect

30/52

(e) Subsidiaries

Subject to a Mandatory Redemption, the Issuer shall maintain 100 % direct ownership and voting rights of the Owning Companies, save for in relation to the New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2 in the event of a Joint Venture Transaction.

(f)

Ann's length transactions

The Issuer shall not, or permit any member of the Group to, engage directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any Related Party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the relevant member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the relevant member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

(g)

Transactions with shareholders, directors oraffiliated companies

The Issuer shall not engage directly or indirectly in any transaction between the Issuer and (i) any direct or indirect shareholder thereof, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's business, and on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Issuer or any other company within the Group than would have prevailed in an arms' length transaction with a third party.

All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Acts 1997.

(h)

Compliance with laws

The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that any company within the Group shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations as well as all applicable laws and regulations relating to bribery and corrupt practises).

(i)

Management Agreements

(i) The Issuer shall procure that the managers under the Management Agreements are not substituted, except that the manager under the Operational Management Agreement may be substituted provided (i) the new manager is a third party, and (ii) (he agreement is based on arm's length terms and on "shipman" terms.

31/52

(ii) The Issuer shall procure that the Business Management Agreement is not amended without the prior consent of the Bond Trustee (it being understood that it may be terminated without compensation).

(j)

Contracts related to AR VI

All Charter Contracts relating to ARV1 shall be entered into by the Cyprus Owning Company ARV1.

(k) Expenditure relating to AR V3

The Issuer and its subsidiaries shall not fund any expenditure that arises out of or in connection with ARV3, including (without limitation) by means of intercompany loans or dividends.

13.6 Preservation of equity, Security Interests and Financial Covenants (a) Capital distribution
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payments, repurchase of shares or make other capital distributions to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind including without limitation any total return swaps involving any shares issued by any party;
(b) Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue;
(ii) the Shareholder Loan;
(iii) any indebtedness (other than Financial Indebtedness) arising in the ordinary course of business for working capital purposes; and
(iv) any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than sixty (60) days after the date of supply.
(c) Negative PIedge
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, directly or indirectly, create or permit to subsist any Encumbrance over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for
(i) any Encumbrance contemplated by the Bond Agreement; and

32/52
(ii) any Encumbrance arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with credit purchases of goods and services).
(cl) Financial Support
The Issuer shall not, and ensure that no Subsidiary shall, make any loans, grant any credit or give any guarantee, indemnity or Encumbrances to or for the benefit of any person or otherwise voluntary assume any liability, whether actual or contingent, in respect of any other person ("Financial Support"), save for
(i) any Financial Support under the Finance Documents or pursuant thereto; and
(ii) any Financial Support made, granted or given in the ordinary course of business.
(e) Financial arrangements
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, make any other financial or other arrangements concerning the Vessels and its employment other than expressly permitted in this Bond Agreement, which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bond Agreement.
(J) Capital expenditures
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary shall, incur any Capex, except for:
(i) any Capex directly related to ARV1; or
(ii) any Capex related to ARV2, provided that the New Cyprus Owning Company ARV2 funds such Capex through equity
(g) Joint Venture Company
In the event of a Joint Venture Transaction the Issuer shall procure that the Joint Venture Company does not incur or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (other than the Shareholder Loan), security interest or Financial Support and that any funding requirements of the Joint Venture Company are provided by (i) the Parent by way of equity to the Issuer and then by equity to the Joint Venture Company and subject to a security interest on first priority securing the Finance Documents and (ii) the other owner of the Joint Venture Company by way of equity to the Joint Venture Company.
(h) SG&A and engineering costs
Unless funded through equity by the Parent to the Issuer, the SG&A and engineering costs of the Issuer and the Owning Companies shall be invoiced by the Parent to the Issuer and be subject to the restricted payments below. For the avoidance of doubt, no payments shall be made from (i) the Owning Companies to the Parent directly; or (ii) the Issuer and the Owning Companies to the Related Parlies.

33/52
The total amount (other than equity) invoiced by the Parent to the Issuer shall be at cost with a maximum aggregate mark-up of 10%. Any such services shall otherwise be based on an arm's length basis. The total invoices to the Issuer from the Parent cannot exceed USD 3,500,000 on an annual basis. All invoicing shall be billed every month after the incurrence of the service and paid in cash in a timely manner. Any claims from the Parent against die Issuer shall be subordinated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default.
(i)
The maximum total invoice amount set out in 13.6 (h) may be increased (up to a total o f USD 6,500,000 on an annual basis) if each of the following applies;
(i) if the Parent provides a service to the Issuer or its subsidiaries that is required by them for the purpose of operating their business and such service is provided by the Parent at the same or less cost than would be provided by a bona fide third party provider on arm's length terms;
(ii) if the Parent can also demonstrate an increase in the scope of its work relative to the work that was previously being provided by the Parent; and
(iii) if the scope of work that is the subject of additional services can be clearly demonstrated, to the satisfaction o f the Trustee, to be beneficial to the Issuer.
13,7 Vessel Covenants (a) Maintenance
(i) The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of the Vessels and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, hereunder to retain the Vessels in class.
(ii) During operation of the Vessels, the Issuer shall ensure that the Vessels Managers runs proper maintenance of the Vessels according to a pre-agreed planned maintenance system.
(b) Insurance
(i) The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory insurance of the Vessels and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times.
(ii) The Vessels shall be adequately insured (including war risk) against (i) Hull & Machinery risks, (ii) a third party liability insurance as per industry standards; and (iii) any additional insurance required under any other contracts.
(iii) The value of the Hull and Machinery insurance shall at all times be at least equal to or higher than one hundred and twenty per cent (120.00%) of the aggregate outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents.

34/52

(iv) The Issuer shall keep a mortgagee interest insurance.

(v) The insurances and Loss Payee Clause shall be in accordance with the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan, latest version as amended from time to time or other insurances with at least similar terms.

(vi) The Issuer shall procure that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) is noted as first priority mortgagee in the insurance contracts, together with the confirmation from the underwriters to the Bond Tmstee that the notice of assignment with regards to the Insurances and the loss payable clauses are noted in the insurance contracts and that standard letters of undertaking confirming this are executed by the insurers.

(vii) The Issuer shall procure that the Vessels are always employed in conformity with the terms of the instruments of insurances (including any warranties expressed or implied therein) and comply with such requirements as to extra premium or otherwise as the insurers may prescribe.

(c) Title

The relevant Owning Company will hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in each of the Vessels and the insurances taken out in respect of the Vessels, free of any and all Encumbrances other than the Security Interest.

(cl) Class, flag, name, registry

The Issuer shall ensure that the Vessels maintain their class, flag and name, and that they remain registered in Madeira and Cyprus, respectively.

(e) Inspection o f the Vessel

Upon the request of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall arrange for the Bond Trustee and/or any persons appointed by the Bond Trustee, to undertake a technical inspection of the Vessels without interference of the daily operation of the Vessels and at the expense of the Issuer (it being understood that the Issuer shall only bear the costs of two inspections a year, unless an Event of Default has occurred).

(f)

Condition

The Issuer shall ensure that the Vessels are kept in a good and safe condition and that all repairs are consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards.

(g) Operations in accordance with laws etc.

The Issuer shall at all times ensure that the Vessels are operated in accordance with any laws, regulations, administrative decisions and/or other public authorities as applicable from time to time and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

35/52
13.8 Conditions Subsequent The Issuer shall ensure that the Equity Increase is made and that the Bond Trustee receives satisfactory documentation evidencing that such Equity Increase has been duly registered in the applicable registries, in a form and substance satisfactory to it, within 31 December 2012.

14. FEES AND EXPENSES
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or die Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.3 In the event that the Issuer does not pay the Bond Trustee for incurred fees, die Bond Trustee may seek funding of its cost, fees and expenses from the Bondholders or, failing them, other sources, in which case such other sources will be subrogated into the position of the Bond Trustee, but subordinated to any further costs, fees and expenses of the Bond Trustee.
14.4 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14,2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.4, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.6 The Issuer shall deduct before payment to the Bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an "Event of Default"):

(a)

Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fiilfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.

36/52

(b) Breach o f other obligations

The Parent or a Group Company fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement (including Clause 8.2 {Application o fproceeds prior to an Event o fDefault)) or any of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c)

Cross default

Provided the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds (i) for the Parent, a total of USD 4,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, and (ii) for a Group Company, a total of USD 2,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;

(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee of any Group Company and/or the Parent is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company and/or the Parent is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company and/or tile Parent is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company and/or the Parent due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).

(d) Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(e.) Insolvency

If for the Parent or a Group Company, the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;

37/52
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's or any Subsidiary's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any o f its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
Creditors 'process
If:
(i) the Parent or a Group Company has a substantial proportion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets; and/or
(ii) the assets provided by the Parent or a Group Company as a Security Interest are impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint or subject to enforcement.
Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogousproceedings
The Parent or a Group Company is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Issuer.
Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Parent or a Group Company to fulfil or perfonn any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.
Litigation
There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against the Parent or a Group Company winch, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee (after consultations with the Issuer) is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect,
Material Adverse Effect
Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to the Parent or a Group Company which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

38/52

(k) Failure to raise equity

The Issuer has not, by 31 March 2012, received additional cash equity in the amount of at least $2,000,000 and provided evidence of same to the Trustee (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee).

(l)

Appointment of independent director

The Parent has not appointed to its board of directors an additional non-executive director nominated by Bondholders representing at least 1/2 of the Outstanding Bonds (which such nomination may be in writing or at a Bondholders' Meeting) within 28 days after the Parent has received such a nomination from Bondholders, and if any non executive director initially appointed upon the nomination of Bondholders is removed, if the Parent does not appoint a replacement non-executive director to its board of directors within 28 days after receiving a further nomination for a new director from Bondholders, provided in each case that the individual nominated by Bondholders is legally eligible to act as a director of the Parent, and shall be paid a directors' fee not exceeding US$50,000 per annum.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

15.3 The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

15.4 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:

(a)

the Bond Tnistee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from

Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders'

Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

15.5 In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Tnistee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub Clause 15.4(a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub Clause 15.4(b) above.

15.6 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.4 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders

S9J52
under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and:
(a) where a default is declared under:
(i) Clause 15.1 (a) (Non-payment);
(ii) Clause 15.1 (k) (Failure to raise equity)', or
(iii) Clause 15.2 (Breach o f other obligations) but only where the default is a breach of the Issuer's obligations in Clause 13.8 (Conditions Subsequent) to ensure that the Equity Increase is made,
the Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid at (i) the same prices as set out in Clause 10.3 (Call Option), plus (ii) 5.00% of the Outstanding Bonds; and
(b) where a default is declared under:
(i) Clause 15.1(b) (Breach o f other obligations) other than a breach of the Issuer's obligations in Clause 13.8 (Conditions Subsequent) to ensure that the Equity Increase is made; or
(ii) Clause 15.1(c) (Cross default) through to Clause 15. l(j) {Material Adverse Effect),
the Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.3 {Call Option).

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a)

the Issuer,

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Bonds,

(c)

the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

40/52

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten - Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4 Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange (if listed) for publication.

16.2.5 The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes o f Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The

Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders'

Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders'

Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the

Bondholders' Meeting.

.

16.2.9 Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of

Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and

.

the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other

person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond

Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and-provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' meetings

16.3.1 At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall

/

4m 2

adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.
16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.
16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.
16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.
16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of tire Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:
(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;

(b) transfer o f rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer); or

(c)

change of Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.
16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16,4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
16.4.1 If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE
17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
17.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and

42/52
make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.
17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.
17.1.3 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
17.1.4 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Tmstee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders, Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation, Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.
17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1.3 and/or 17.1.4 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.
1 7 .2 Liability and indemnity
17.2.1 The Bond Tmstee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. Tire Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.
17.2.2 The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Tmstee hilly in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Tmstee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fiilfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.
17.3 Change of Bond Trustee

43/52
17.3.1 Change o f Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16 (Bondholder's Meeting). The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
17.3.2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14 (Fees and expenses), but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the junctions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.
17.4 Appointment of Security Agent
17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.
17.4.2 The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.
17.4.3 Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
17.4.4 The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have tire right to require the Issuer, the Parent, any Subsidiary and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.
17.4.5 Any changes to tills Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.
17.4.6 If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders
By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1 (Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement) is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that

(a)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

44/52

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders;

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access

to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities

Register; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other,

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement,

(iii) tile Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders,

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 Defeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");

(a)

the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the

Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the

"Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal

(including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest

on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon an exercise of a

notified Call Option);

(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;

(c)

no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment

of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or

insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after

the date of establishment of the pledge;

(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon the Issuer, the Parent, and/or any Subsidiary, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing the Issuer, the Parent and/or any Subsidiary;

4S/52

(e)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by a director of

the Parent that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of

preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of

defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;

(1)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion

reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge

(including certificate from a director of the Parent and a legal opinion from its legal

counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied

with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of

the Issuer, the Parent and/or any Subsidiary, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and

enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the

Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds

and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankraptcy,

insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally under the

laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate

domicile of the Issuer.

18.2.2 Upon tire exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;

(a)

the Issuer and/or Parent shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in

Clause 13 (Covenants), except Clause 13.2 (Information Covenants), however so that

the Bond Trustee may give a waiver in respect of the obligations therein;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;

(d) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a)- (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

46/52

18.2.3 All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof
18.2.4 Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.
18.3 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information
18.4.1 The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.
18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.
18.5 Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3 Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by telefax, when received.

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.

47/52
18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue 18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement
between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
18.7.2 The Finance Documents (not including the Bond Agreement) and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with the Finance Documents (not including the Bond Agreement) between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by the appropriate law.
18.7.3 All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court o f Oslo as sole legal venue.
18.7.4 All disputes arising out of, or in connection with the Finance Documents (not including the Bond Agreement) between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be exclusively resolved by the appropriate courts.

4M 2
Tliis Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

Bond Trustee

By: Position:

By: Position:

49/52
SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+47 22 8794 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

EOAL CYPRUS HOLDINGS LIMITED BOND AGREEMENT - ISIN NO 0010622525

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained in the Bond Agreement is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you; and

2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 (Covenants) are satisfied.

Copies of our latest [Financial Statement /Quarterly Financial Report] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited

Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited

Name o f authorizedperson

Name o f authorized person

50/52
SCHEDULE 2 REPETITION OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+ 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

EOAL CYPRUS HOLDINGS LIMITED BOND AGREEMENT - ISIN NO 0010622525

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited as Issuer.

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 7.2 (Repetition) the Issuer hereby confirms and repeats the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 (Representations and Warranties).

EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited

Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited

Name o f authorizedperson

Name o f authorized person

51/52
SCHEDULE 3 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+ 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

EOAL CYPRUS HOLDINGS LIMITED BOND AGREEMENT - ISIN NO 0010622525

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

The Issuer hereby give you notice that the Issuer on [dale] wishes to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default, and that (ii) the Issuer repeats the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfiilly,

EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited

Name o fauthorizedperson Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use o ffunds]

