· NORSK TILLITSM A N N ASA
Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kim utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA på telefon +47 22 87 94 00.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001 034481.5 - FRN MPU - Multi Purpose Unit - Offshore Lift ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2011
Oslo, 11 June 2008
PROPOSAL TO AMEND MATURITY DATE IN LOAN AGREEMENT SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS MEETING
Background
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM") acts as trustee for the above-captioned loan (the "Loan") where MPU Offshore Lift ASA ("MPU" / the "Company") is the borrower.
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the agreement of the Loan (the "Loan Agreement") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
Reference is made to the press release published 2 June 2008 where it was outlined increased funding requirements in connection with the building of the MPU Heavy Lifter at the Keppel Verolme yard in Rotterdam.
The Board of MPU and its financial advisor are working intensively to explore various alternatives to address the current situation, including the company's near term financial obligations and the future strategy of the Company.
The Company's intention is to fulfil its payment commitments due to the declaration of the call option. However, the company is today not in a position to pay the amount due under the call to the bondholders on due date. At the time the call option was exercised, the payments to the bondholders were intended to be financed by the loan offered to the company by ABN Amro according to the term sheet dated 11 February 2008. At present the banks requirements are not met.
MPU is of the opinion that any solution might not be in place when the Loan matures 23 June 2008. Consequently the Company seeks to extend the maturity date of the Loan by 30 days.

M A I L I N G A D D R E S S · P.O.BOX 147O VIKA, N-OI16 O S L O

L O C A T I O N ® H A A K O N VII G A T E I, OSLO, N O R W A Y

47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 or g. nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail · mai l @t rust ee. no

N O R SK TIL L IT SM A N N ASA
The proposal
The current Maturity Date for the Loan is 23 June 2008 (the "June Payment Date") at 105% of par value plus accrued interest. Due to reasons mentioned above and in the press release as of 2 June MPU will propose to the Bondholders of the Loan that the new maturity date shall be 23 July 2008 (the "New Maturity Date") at the 105% of par value plus accrued interest on redeemed amount.
The Company will also propose to introduce an American call option at 105% of par value from the June Payment Date to the New Maturity Date of the Loan.
The interest payment due at the June Payment Date will be postponed to the New Maturity Date (with compound interest), however, the Company will have the option to pay interest at the June Payment Date.
As an economic compensation for the proposed amendment, MPU offers the Bondholders in the Loan a coupon step-up of 5.0% of the Loan amount from the June Payment Date conditional upon the Bondholders meeting acceptance of the proposal.
According to the Loan Agreement, the proposed amendment requires the approval of the Bondholders. Such approval ought to be given if the offered financial compensation is valued as fair vs. the proposed changes and their effect on the Loan's (future) creditworthiness.
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable and the compensation reflects the aggregate creditor's position.
For further information about the company, please refer to the web site www.mpu.no or contact the Company, att Petter Berge (CFO) tel; + 47 67 11 90 05, email; petter.berge@mpu.no.
Attached is a letter from the Company to the Loan Trustee dated 10 June 2008. Further information may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.
Summons for bondholders meeting
Based on the above information, a bondholders meeting for the Loan is summoned:
Time: Friday 20 June 2008 at 10:00 AM (Oslo time) Place: the premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VII's gate 1, Oslo (Norway)
Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Consent to certain proposals:
2

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
A. Amendment of the Loan Agreement
/. New maturity date for the Loan is 23 July 2008 ( "New Maturity Date "). 2. Interest payment due 23 June 2008 (the "June Payment D ate") is postponed
to the New Maturity Date), however, the Borrower will have the option to pay the due interest at the June Payment Date. 3. The Borrower shall have the option to call the Loan at any time from and including the June Payment Date to the New Maturity Date at 105% o f par plus accrued interest. 4. Interest o f the Loan shall be NIBOR plus 9. 75% from and including the June Payment Date to the New Maturity Date. 5. Compound interest from the June Payment Date o f NIBOR plus 9. 75%> shall be p a id at the Ne\v Maturity Date.
B. Effectiveness and execution of the resolution:
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with decisions made on the bondholders ' meeting as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including make other necessary amendments o f the Loan Agreement.
The above mentioned resolution will according to the Loan Agreement require a qualified majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favor and a minimum 5/10 of the outstanding Bonds being represented at the meeting.
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
3

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Kind regards For Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Jo Forfang/Jens Samuelsen Enclosure:
VPS statement/Power of attorney form. - Letter from MPU of 10 June 2008
4

Norsk Tillitsmann P.0 Box 1470 0116 Vika Oslo Norway
Att.: Jo Forfang

\ OFFSHORE LIFT ASA

PO Box 517, NO-1327 Lysaker

Strandveien 35, Lysaker, Norway

S w itchboard + 47 67 11 90 00

Telefax

+47 67 11 90 01

Y o u r ref,:

O ur ref.:
LTR-OUT-000014

Lysaker,
10.06.2008

Reg,: MPUO Funding situation
In the press release of June 2nd 08, it was informed that the company has identified increased Capex along with funding requirements in the order of MEUR 100. The press release states the reason for the assumed cost increase. The company first realized the cost increase by the end of week 22 and in advance of the board meeting scheduled for May 30th 08. The management and the board worked through the weekend to establish a comprehensive understanding of the situation.
The press release states a cost increase in the magnitude of MEUR 100. The company decided to inform about the circumstances at this time, before the company had implemented necessary control calculations of the various budget line items and assumptions. The reason for this was among other things, Solstad Offshore ASA's decision not to participate in a new equity issue. Please find for you convenience attached the stock exchange notice from Solstad Offshore ASA in this respect.
We further refer to the press release of 6th May 08 stating that there will be cost increase linked to further improvements and strengthening of the vessel as well as other cost increases.
The company is intensively working to resolve the situation that has occurred in the best interests of the company's creditors, shareholders and the company itself. Renegotiation of the largest contracts in the construction project has been initiated. The company is also through its financial advisor Pareto Securities AS exploring the possibilities of obtaining new equity.
In relation to loan no: 0010344815 the company's intention is to fulfill its payment commitments due to the declaration of the call option. However, the company is today not in the position to pay the amount due under the call to the bondholders on due date. At the time the call option was exercised, the payments to the bondholders were intended to be financed by the loan offered to the company by ABN Amro according to the term sheet dated February 7th 2008. At present the banks requirements are not met.
The company's efforts as described above will also include discussion with Norsk Tillitsmann and the terms and conditions of the loan. The company will provide Norsk Tillitsmann with more information this week and will aim to have a constructive and open dialogue with Norsk Tillitsmann.

E-mail. firmapost@mpu.no www.mpu no NO-989776002

mpu
We hope you find the answers satisfying, but don't hesitate to contact us if you have further questions.
Best regards,
/
KolbjornVloyiand y MPU Offshore lift ASA

3

L.TR-OUT-OOOQ14

News web

Page 1 of 1

Utsteder --alle --

Utst.ID

Instrum ent

Marked

-- alle --

Kategori -- alle -- Fra dato 11.06.2008 Til dato 11.06.2008

M elding 211922 D a to / tid U tste d e r Instrum ent M arked Kategori K o rrig e rt Inform asjonspliktig V e d le g g Tittel Tekst

02.06.2008 12:22:56 Solstad Offshore ASA

Oslo Børs AVTALER Ikke korrigert
Informasjonspliktige opplysninger Ingen vedlegg funnet MPU Offshore Lift ASA

Lagringspliktig melding

Solstad Offshore ASA (SOFF) has an ownership of 30,23% of the company MPU Offshore Lift ASA (MPU). MPU has a large vessel under construction at Keppel Verolme in Rotterdam, specifically designed for, among others, decommissioning of offshore installations.
The construction of the vessel is highly complex and has resulted in significant cost overruns compared to the original budget.
In connection with MPU's impending bank financing which the company, under certain conditions, has been granted, the administration of MPU has made a revised cost estimate for the project. The Board of MPU, where SOFF is represented, has been presented a cost increase to finalize the project of approximately EUR 100 mill, equivalent to approximately 25% compared to previous estimates presented to both the Board and the market in general. This increase of the construction cost needs to be covered by new equity.
The Board of SOFF is very disappointed by the unforeseen cost increase, and has decided not to participate in the coming equity issue in MPU.
SOFF expects to book a significant loss related to the investment of MPU. The exact amount is depending on the result of the ongoing financing process of MPU. SOFF's total investment in MPU consist of NOK 209 mill in shares and USD 31,7 in a convertible bond.
Skudeneshavn 2. June 2008
Board of Solstad Offshore ASA
Contacts person: Lars Peder Solstad or Sven Stakkestad (phone: +47 913 15 585 / 905 15 802)

§f§ English

Skjul ikke-

informasjonspliktige v

pressemeldinger

Vis kun

lagringspliktige

N

meldinger

W

Vis kun siste versjon av melding

| Søk... | N u lls till...

Les om ansvar og rettigheter

http://www.newsweb.no/newsweb/index.jsp?messageId=211922

11.06.2008

