BOND AGREEMENT

EXECUTION VERSION

Entered into: between the Issuer: Company No.: and the Bond Trustee: Company No.: on behalf of the Bondholders in: with (SIN:

11 December 2015 B121 Holding AS 914392241 Nordic Trustee ASA 963342624 5.75% B121 Holding AS Bond Issue 2015 I 2020
NO 001 075406.2

The Issuer undertakes to issue the Bonds in accordance with the terms set forth in this Bond Agreement.

1

TERMS OF THE ISSUE

The terms of the Issue are as follows, supplemented by the definitions and clarifications set forth in Clause 2:

Maximum Issue Amount:

N/A.

Issue Amount:

NOK 390,000,000.

Face Value:

NOK 1,000,000.

Currency:

NOK (Norwegian kroner).

Final Maturity Date:

14 December 2020.

CaU:

The Issuer has the right to redeem the Bonds between 48 and 54

months after Settlement Date at 104% of Face Value and, if such right

is exercised 54 months after Settlement Date or later (but prior to the

Final Maturity Date), at 102% of Face Value.

Put Option:

Upon a Change of Control, each Bondholder shall have the right to require the Issuer to repay the Bonds at 101% of Face Value.

Coupon:

The Bonds shall carry interest at a fixed rate of 5.75% per annum.

9286968/1

EXECUTION VERSION

Coupon Payment Dates:

14 December each year, and the Final Maturity Date.

First Coupon Payment Date: 14 December 2016.

Day Count Fraction:

30/360.

Business Day Convention:

No adjustment.

Listing:

The Bonds will not be listed.

2

CLARIFICATIONSAND DEFINITIONS

When used in this Bond Agreement, the following words and terms shall have the following meaning and definition:

Account Bank:

DNB BankASA.

Acquisition:

Bidco's acquisition of 100% of the shares in the Property Company against a purchase price of NOK 3,900,000,000 in accordance with the terms of the Share PurchaseAgreement.

Additional Senior Bonds:

Senior Bondsissued in any Senior Tap Issue.

Bidco:

Barcode 121 Holding AS, a limited liability company existing under the laws of Norway with organisation no. 914392 128.

Bond Agreement:

This agreement and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the parties hereto.

Bond Issue:

The bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

Bond Trustee:

Nordic Trustee ASA or its successor(s).

Bondholder:

Holder of Bondts) as registered in the Securities Depository.

Bondholders' Buy-Out Option Agreement:

The agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Senior Bond Trustee relating to the Bondholders' buy-out option of the Senior Bonds.

Bondholders' Meeting:

Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in Clause 5 of this Bond Agreement.

Bonds:

Securities issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement and which are registered in the Securities Depository, each a "Bond", which shall also include any Additional Bonds.

Business Day:

Any day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

9286968/1

2

EXECUTION VERSION

Business Day Convention:
Call Option: Change of Control Event: Companies Act: Coupon: Coupon Accrual Date: Coupon Payment Date: Currency: Day Count Fraction:
Decisive Influence:

Convention for adjusting any relevant payment date ("Payment Date") if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, being the applicable Coupon Payment Date, which shall not be adjusted even if that day is not a Business Day (payments shall be made on the first following Business Day).

Has the meaning given to such term in Clause 3.7.

An event where any person or group of persons (other than the Parent), directly or indirectly, gains Decisive Influence over the Issuer.

The Norwegian Private Limited Liability Companies Act of 13 June 1997 (as amended).

Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds, which shall accrue at a rate of 5.75% per annum (based on the Day Count Fraction set forth in Clause 1), from and including the Coupon Accrual Date to the Final Maturity Date.

The date on which interest on the Bond starts to accrue.

Date(s) on which the payment of Coupon falls due (as set forth in Clause 1). The Coupon Payment Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention.

The currency in which the Bonds are denominated.

The convention for calculation of payment of Coupon, being the number of days in the relevant coupon period shall be calculated from and including the Coupon Accrual Date/Coupon Payment Date to the next Coupon Payment Date on basis of a year of 360 calendar days with 11 months of 30 calendar days divided by 360, unless (a) the last day in the relevant coupon period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of the relevant coupon period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 3D-day month, or (b) the last day of the relevant coupon period is the last calendar day in February, in which case February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 3D-day month.

A person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:

a)

a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or

b)

a right to eLect or remove a majority of the members of the

board of directors of that other person.

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the

9286968/1

3

Distribution:
Event of Default: Face Value: Final Maturity Date: Finance Documents:
Financial Indebtedness:

EXECUTION VERSION

other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.

In respect of any company, any payment of dividends, repurchase of shares or any other action which constitutes a distribution from that company to its shareholders.

The occurrence of an event set forth in Clause 3.9.1.

The face value of each Bond as set out in Clause 1.

The date on which the Bondsfall due. The Final Maturity Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the BusinessDay Convention.

This Bond Agreement, the Share Pledge, the agreement regarding the Bond Trustee's fees and expenses, the Bondholders' Buy-Out Option Agreement and any other document designated as a "Finance Document" by the BondTrustee and the Issuer.

Anyindebtedness for or in respect of:

a)

moneys borrowed;

b)

any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance

credit facility or de materialized equivalent;

c)

any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facllity or

the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any

similar instrument;

d)

the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire

purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be

treated as finance or capital lease;

e)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to

the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

f)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any

forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial

effect of a borrowing;

g)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with

protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or

price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative

transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into

account); and

h)

(without double counting) the amount of any liability in

9286968/1

4

GAAP: Group: Issue Amount: ISIN: Issue: Issue Date: Issuer: Issuer's Bonds:
LTV:
Manager: Market Value:
Material Adverse Effect:
Maximum Issue Amount:

EXECUTION VERSION

respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs a) to g) above.

Generally accepted accounting principles in Norway (as amended), consistently applied.

The Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time.

The amount equal to the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds issued under the Issue.

The identification number of the Bonds (International Securities Identification Number).

Any issue of Bonds pursuant to this Agreement.

The date of the first Issue.

The person or entity that has issued the Bonds and is the borrower (debtor).

Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.

The ratio of the Group's consolidated Total Net Debt to the Market Value.

Arctic Securities AS (arg. no. 991 125 175).

The market value of the Property, as evidenced by an external report addressed to the Bond Trustee and prepared by an independent and reputable real-estate broker or valuer (other than Arctic Securities AS or any related companies) familiar with the Norwegian commercial real estate market appointed by the Issuer and acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

Any event or circumstance which could be reasonably expected to have an effect which is materially adverse to:

a)

the ability of the Issuer to perform and comply with its

obligations under the Finance Documents; or

b)

the validity, enforceability, or the effectiveness, of any

security granted or purporting to be granted pursuant to the

Share Pledge.

The maximum aggregate Face Value of Bonds which may be issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement. If NI A is specified, the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds issued may not exceed the amount specified as

9286968/1

5

Outstanding Bonds: Parent: Paying Agent: Permitted Merger:
Property: Property Company: Put Option: Securities Depository: Security:
928696811

EXECUTION VERSION

the Issue Amount.

The aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged in the Securities Depository.

Meteva AS, a limited liability company existing under the laws of Norway with organisation no. 989005 731, being the owner (legally and beneficially) of 100% of the shares in the Issuer.

DNB Bank ASA, being the entity acting as registrar for the Bonds in the Securities Depository and paying agent on behalf of the Issuer in the Securities Depository.

A merger, demerger or combination thereof (in each case, a "Merger") with the Property Company as the transferring company and a newly established limited liability company under the laws of Norway as the transferee company (the "Transferee Company"), provided that:

a)

the Property and all other assets, rights and liabilities of the

Property Company are transferred to and assumed by the

Transferee Company through the Merger (except for sufficient

cash in the Property Company to cover a simultaneous share

capital increase after the Merger in to meet the minimum

share capital requirement of the Companies Act, i.e. NOK

30,000 as of the date of this Bond Agreement);

b)

the Transferee Company will not have any other assets, rights

or liabilities other than those acquired through the Merger;

c)

Bidco owns 100% of the shares in the Transferee Company

after the Merger; and

d)

the Transferee Company confirms in writing that the Mortgage

continues to secure the Senior Bond Issue after the Merger.

The property with (i) cadastral number (Nw: gårdsnummer) 234, title number (Nw: bruksnummer) 88, section number (Nw: seksjonsnummer) 1 and (H) cadastral number 534 and title number 5 in Oslo, Norway.

Barcode 121 AS, a limited liability company existing under the laws of Norway with organisation no. 993 453 722, being the legal and beneficial owner of the Property.

Has the meaning given to that term in Clause 3.8.

The securities register in which the Bonds are registered.

Any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement

6

EXECUTION VERSION

or arrangement having a similar effect.

Seller:

DNB Kontor AS, a limited liability company existing under the laws of Norway with organisation no. 999277705.

Senior Bond Agreement:

The bond agreement dated on or about the date of this Bond Agreement in respect of the Senior Bond Issue.

Senior Bond Issue:

The 3.75% Barcade 121 Holding AS Tap Issue 2015/2024.

Senior Bond Trustee:

The bond trustee under the Senior Bond Issue.

Senior Bondholders:

The bondholders under the Senior Bond Issue.

Senior Event of Default:

The occurrence of an event of default (which is continuing) under the Senior Bond Agreement and which entitles the Senior Trustee to declare all outstanding Senior Bonds to be in default and due for payment.

Senior Maximum Issue Amount:

The maximum aggregate face value of Senior Bonds which may be issued under the Senior Bond Issue, being NOK 3,000,000,000.

Senior Security Documents: The security documents creating Security securing the Senior Bond Issue.

Senior Tap Issue:

Any tap subsequent issue of Additional Senior Bonds up to the Senior Maximum Issue Amount.

Share Pledge:

A first priority pledge over all the shares in the Issuer, provided by the Parent in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

Share Purchase Agreement:

The share purchase agreement related to the acquisition of all shares of the Property Company dated on or about the date of this Bond Agreement and made between Bidco as purchaser and the Seller.

Subsidiary:

A company over which another company has, directly or indirectly, Decisive Influence.

Total Net Debt:

At any time, the aggregate amount of all obligations of the Group for or in respect of Financial Indebtedness at that time, however:

a)

excluding any such obligations to any other member of the

Group; and

b)

deducting the aggregate amount of freely available and non-

encumbered cash held by any member of the Group,

and so that no amount shall be included or excluded more than once.

9286968/1

7

Voting Bonds:

Outstanding Bonds less Issuer's Bonds.

EXECUTION VERSION

3

OTHER TERMS OF THE ISSUE

3. 1

The purpose of the Issue

The net proceeds from the Bond Issue (i.e. net of legal costs, fees and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be employed towards financing the capitalization of Bidco in connection with the Acquisition.

3.2 3.2.1

Listing The Bonds shall not be listed.

3.3

Status

The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement shall rank ahead of all subordinated payment obligations of the Issuer and shall rank at least pari passu with all the Issuer's other obLigations, save for obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.

3.4 3.4.1

Security The Bonds are secured on first priority by the Security created by the Share Pledge.

3.5 3.5.1

Covenants The Issuer undertakes not to, and shall ensure that no other members of the Group shall (either in one action or as severaL actions, voluntarily or involuntarily):

a)

sell or otherwise dispose of all or parts of its assets or business; or

b)

merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business, except for a Permitted

Merger.

3.5.2

The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that alL other members of the Group (and any related and reLevantthird party) will:

a)

comply with aLL applicable Laws; and

b)

obtain, maintain and ensure compliance with all requisite environmentaL permits,

where failure to do so has or is reasonably Likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.5.3

The Issuer shall ensure that the LTV does not at any time exceed 80% (the "LTV Covenant"), and shall, on a quarterly basis, deliver a compliance certificate confirming compliance with the LTV Covenant; the LTV Covenant at each time to be measured based on a Market Value dated no earlier than twelve (12) months after the date of the previous vaLuation. The first vaLuation shall be provided no later than tweLve (12) months after the Issue Date.

3.5.4 If at any time the LTV exceeds 80%:

a)

the Issuer shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee thereof;

9286968/1

8

EXECUTION VERSION

b)

the Issuer shall not make any Distributions; and

c)

the Issuer shall within one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after becoming

aware of the LTV exceeding 80%, deposit an amount in cash or cash equivalents in

an account which is pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of

the Bondholders) which is sufficient to comply with the LTV Covenant. The amount

so deposited shall be deducted from the Total Net Debt.

Alternatively, the Issuer may acquire and discharge Bonds in order to reduce the LTV, but the Bondholders shall be under no obligation to sell any Bonds to the Issuer.

3.5.5

The Issuer shall ensure that no member of the Group will incur Financial Indebtedness other than:

a)

Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue and the Senior Bond Issue

(including any Senior Tap Issues up to the Senior Maximum Issue Amount);

b)

Financial Indebtedness which is made by a member of the Group to another member

of the Group;

c)

Financial Indebtedness arising under any guarantees permitted by Clause 3.5.6 c);

and

d)

Financial Indebtedness consented to in writing by the Bond Trustee (acting on the

instructions of the Bondholders and which consent may be made conditional upon

intercreditor arrangements or subordination provisions satisfactory to the Bond

Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders».

3.5.6 The Issuer shall ensure that neither it nor any other member of the Group will:

a)

change the nature of its business in a way which may have a Material Adverse

Effect;

b)

conduct any business which is not related to the ownership and management of the

Property and ancillary uses in connection therewith;

c)

issue any form of guarantee or incur any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of

a guarantee, indemnity, letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or

financial institution other than guarantees issued in the ordinary course of business

and in aggregate not exceeding NOK 50,000,000 at any time (unless the Bond

Trustee (acting on the instructions of the Bondholders) consents in writing to a

higher aggregate amount, such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or

delayed);

d)

provide or permit any Security to exist over any of its/their assets (present or

future) to secure any obligation, other than:

(i)

the Security created by the Share Pledge;

9286968/1

9

EXECUTION VERSION

(ii)

the Security created by the Senior Security Documents (which Security

shall, for the avoidance of doubt, secure any Additional Senior Bonds);

(iii) Security arising in the ordinary course of business;

(iv) Security arising by operation of statutory law (e.g. as security for property taxes); or

(v) Security consented to in writing by the Bond Trustee {acting on the instructions of the Bondholders, and which consent may be made conditional upon intercreditor arrangements or subordination provisions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders)).

e)

reduce its share capital (other than as a result of a Permitted Merger);

f)

be a creditor in respect of any Financial Indebtedness to any third party (Le. to any

company which is not a member of the Group); or

g)

enter into any agreement which limits its ability to pay dividends or make other

payments to the Issuer.

3.5.7 The Issuer shall be entitled to make Distributions to the Parent or any of its other shareholders, provided that:

a)

no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and

b)

the Issuer can present evidence to the Bond Trustee that it is and will be in

compliance with the LTV Covenant before and immediately after such Distribution.

3.5.8 The Issuer shall ensure that the Property is:

a)

adequately managed and maintained; and

b)

at all times fully insured (Nw: fullverdiforsikret) in accordance with market practice

for companies investing in commercial real estate in Norway, with a well-reputed

insurance company with a minimum long-term financial rating of "A_". The

insurance shall cover all risks and comprise project risk, terrorism and loss of

earnings covering loss of income for at least 48 months. The insurances shall also

cover liability insurance (landowner liability, project liability and general liability

insurances).

3.5.9 For information covenants, see Clause 4.5.

3.6 3.6.1

Payments On each Coupon Payment Date the Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued Coupon amount to the Bondholders.

3.6.2 On the Final Maturity Date the Issuer shall repay the Bondsat the Face Value.

9286968/1

10

EXECUTION VERSION

3.6.3

The Issuer may not apply any counterclaims in set-off against its payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

3.6.4

Any amounts payable to the Bondholders by the Issuer shall be available to the Bondholders on the date such amount is due for payment pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

3.6.5

In the event that the Issuer has not fulfilled its payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement, regardless of whether an Event of Default has been declared or not, interest shall accrue on the amount due at the applicable Coupon at the due date plus 3.00 percentage points.

3.6.6

Default interest shall be added to the amount due on a monthly basis and accrue interest together with this (compound interest).

3.7 3.7.1

Voluntary redemption - Call Option The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all but not only some) (the "Call Option") on any Business Day from and including:

a)

the date falling forty-eight (48) months after the Settlement Date to (but not

including) the date falling fifty-four (54) months after the Settlement Date at a

price equal to 104% of Face Value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount;

and

b)

the date falling fifty-four (54) months after the Settlement Date to (but not

including) the Final Maturity Date, at a price equal to 102% of Face Value plus

accrued interest on the redeemed amount.

3.7.2

The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholder at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20) Business Days prior to the proposed settlement date of the Call Option.

3.7.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated in Clause 3.7.1 above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

3.7.4

Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 3.7 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

3.8 3.8.1

Exercise of Put Option - Change of Control Event
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 % of Face Value plus accrued but unpaid interest on such Bonds.

3.8.2

The Put Option must be exercised within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Change of Control Event has occurred. Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.

9286968/1

11

EXECUTION VERSION

3.8.3

Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to the BondTrustee, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option falls due for payment twenty-one (21) calendar days after the end of the exercise period referred to in Clause 3.8.2 above.

3.9 3.9.1

Events of Default
The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

a)

the Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation pursuant to Clause 3.6 unless, in the

opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and

payment is made, within five (5) BusinessDays followingthe original due date;

b)

the Issuer fails to fulfil (or it is obvious that the Issuer will fail to fulfil) its obligation

pursuant to Clause 3.5.4 within the one hundred and twenty (120) calendar day

period stipulated therein;

c)

the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Parent fails to duly perform any other

obligation pursuant to any Finance Document to which it is a party, unless, in the

opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is

remedied within twenty (20) Business Days from the date the Issuer became aware

thereof;

d)

a Senior Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Senior Bond

Agreement;

e)

any member of the Group fails to fulfil any other financial indebtedness (including

any guarantee liabilities), which is or could be declared due and repayable prior to

its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

provided that the aggregate amount of such financial indebtedness exceeds NOK

10,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies);

f)

any member of the Group becomes subject to insolvency or enforcement

proceedings, is taken under public administration, enters into debt negotiations,

admit to insolvency or if a substantial proportion of the Issuer's assets are

impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint;

g)

any member of the Group is resolved to be dissolved (other than as a result of a

Permitted Merger);

h)

the Issuer has in respect of the Bonds or this Bond Agreement (in the reasonable

discretion of the BondTrustee) in any respect made any incorrect or misleading - or

otherwise failed to make - representation, warranty, statement or certificate of

compliance and which could reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

or

i)

the Issuer is in a situation which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee,

after consultations with the Issuer, provides reason to assume that the Issuer will be

unable to fulfil its payment obligations under this BondAgreement.

9286968/1

12

EXECUTION VERSION

3.9.2

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 3.9.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interest of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, taken every measures necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document including any other contractual or noncontractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.

3.9.3

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 3.9.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expensesto be in default and due for immediate payment if:

a)

the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from

Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders'

Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

b)

the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the

Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

3.9.4

In the event that the Bond Trustee declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment pursuant to Clauses 3.9.2 and 3.9.3, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 3.7.

4 4.1 4.1.1

OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS Conditions precedent The disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bond Issue to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documentation, no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

a)

this Bond Agreement duly signed;

b)

the agreement regarding the Bond Trustee's fees and expenses as set forth in Clause

4.7.2 duly signed;

c)

copies of certificate of incorporation and articles of association of the Parent;

d)

copies of:

(i)

certificate of incorporation and articles of association for the Issuer;

9286968/1

13

EXECUTION VERSION

(H)

corporate resolutions for the Issuer to enter into the Finance Documents to

which it is a party;

(Hi)

unless included in the corporate resolutions, evidence that the relevant

individuals are authorised to sign the Finance Documents on its behalf;

e)

confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian

Securities Trading Act (prospectus requirements) are fulfilled;

f)

evidence that the Issue will be applied in accordance with the purpose set out in

Clause 3.1;

gl

the Share Pledge duly executed and perfected with the agreed priority;

h)

the Bondholders' Buy-Out Option Agreement duly executed by the Bond Trustee and

the Senior Trustee;

i)

confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

j)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Issue;

k)

evidence that the purchase price under the Share Purchase Agreement has been or

will be paid in full;

l)

evidence that the proceeds from the Senior Bond Issue has been made or will be

made available;

m)

confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default has

occurred or is likely to occur as a result of the issuance of the Bonds;

n)

confirmation according to Clause 4.2.2 if applicable;

o)

any other relevant documentation presented in relation to the Issue;

p)

any statements (including legal opinions) required by the Bond Trustee regarding

documentation in this Clause 4.1.1; and

q)

confirmation that all conditions precedent under the Senior Bond Issue have been

satisfied.

4.1.2

The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for the documentation as set forth in this Clause 4.1.1.

4.1.3

The Issuance of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

4.1.4

Settlement of the proceeds from the first Issue will be made (net of legal costs, fees and any other agreed costs and expenses) directly from the Bondholders to the account of the Seller.

9286968/1

14

EXECUTION VERSION

4.2 4.2.1

Representations and warranties At the Issue Date, the Issuer represents and warrants that:

a)

all information which has been presented in relation to the Issue is, to the best

knowledge of the Issuer, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions

likely to effect the importance of the information as regards the evaluation of the

Bonds, and that the Issuer has taken all reasonable measuresto ensure this;

b)

the Issuer has made a valid resolution to make the Issue and to enter into the

Finance Document to which it is a party, and such Issue and the entry into of the

Finance Document do not contravene any of the Issuer's other liabilities, its

constitutional documents or any law or regulation applicable to it;

c)

any public requirements have been fulfilled (i.a. Norwegian Securities Trading Act

Chapter 7), and that any required public authorisations have been obtained; and

d)

no Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the issuance of the Bonds or the

entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, the Bond

Agreement or the other Finance Documents.

4.2.2

The Bond Trustee may prior to any Issue require a statement from the Issuer confirming the Issuer's compliance with Clause 4.2.1.

4.3

Registration of Bonds

The Issuer shall continuously ensure the correct registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository.

4.4

The Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Issuer has the right to acquire Bonds and to retain, sell or discharge such Bonds in the Securities Depository.

4.5 4.5.1

Information covenants The Issuer undertakes to (unless otherwise stated, without being requested to do so):

a)

within one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after the end of its financial

year, provide the Bond Trustee with consolidated audited financial statements of

the Group;

b)

within sixty (60) calendar days after the end of each quarter, provide the Bond

Trustee with consolidated quarterly reports of the Group;

c)

inform the Bond Trustee promptly of any Event of Default pursuant to this Bond

Agreement, and of any situation which the Issuer understands or should understand

could lead to an Event of Default;

d)

inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a material effect on the

Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

9286968/1

15

EXECUTION VERSION

e)

inform the Bond Trustee of any event or circumstance leading to Bidco not being in

compliance with any of its covenants, undertakings or other obligations under the

Senior Secured Bond Issue;

f)

inform the Bond Trustee of any plans to increase the Senior Secured Bond Issue by

way of one or more Senior Tap Issues (and any such Senior Tap Issue(s) to be

approved by the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of the bondholders), such

approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);

g)

inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sellar dispose of all or a substantial

part of its assets or operations or change the nature of its business;

h)

upon request, provide the Bond Trustee with a report as to the balance of Issuer's

Bonds and any other information reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;

i)

send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer or the

Property Company, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-

mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

j)

inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities

Depository; and

k)

annually in connection with the release of its annual report, or upon request,

confirm to the Bond Trustee compliance with any covenants set forth in this Bond

Agreement.

4.6 4.6.1

Notices
Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made when sent from the Securities Depository

4.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee.

4.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

a)

if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

b)

if bye-mail, when received; and

c)

if by fax, when received.

9286968/1

16

EXECUTION VERSION

4.7 4.7.1

Expenses
The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations hereunder, including the preparation of this Bond Agreement and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository.

4.7.2

The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to insolvency or similar by the Issuer, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

4.7.3

Any public fees payable in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilling of the obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any public fees levied on the trading of Bonds.

4.7.4 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.

5

BONDHOLDERS'MEETING

5.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders' community in all matters regarding the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding and prevail for all Bonds.

5.2 5.2.1

Procedural rules for the Bondholders' Meeting A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

a)

the Issuer;

b)

Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds; or

c)

the Bond Trustee.

5.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

5.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

5.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution.

5.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments

9286968/1

17

EXECUTION VERSION

to this BondAgreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

5.2.6 The BondTrustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.7

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

5.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the BondTrustee. If the BondTrustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

5.2.10

The Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

5.2.11

Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present during the voting.

5.3 5.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bondowned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bondshave no voting rights.

5.3.2

In all matters to be dealt with at the Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the BondTrustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the casting vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

5.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bondsmust be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 5.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

5.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 5.3.5.

9286968/1

18

EXECUTION VERSION

5.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the votes is required:

a)

any amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the Coupon, the

tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of

the Bonds;

b)

the transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer

(borrower); or

c)

change of Bond Trustee.

5.3.6

The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

5.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

5.3.8

The Issuer and the Bondholders shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

5,4 5.4.1

Repeated Bondholders' Meeting
If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 5.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

5.4.2

When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

6 6.1 6.1.1

THE BOND TRUSTEE
The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, informing the Bondholders and the Paying Agent of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

6.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.1.3

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement, which, in the opinion of the Bond

9286968/1

19

EXECUTION VERSION

Trustee, do not have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement, see however Clause 6.1.5.

6.1.4

The BondTrustee may reach decisions bindingfor all Bondholdersin circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 6.1.3 provided prior notification to the Bondholders are given, see however Clause 6.1.5. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the BondTrustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) BusinessDays after the date of such notification.

6.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 6.1.3 or 6.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 5.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

6.1.6 The BondTrustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholdersor others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

6.1.7 The Issuer and the Bondholders shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1 unless such notice obviouslyis unnecessary.

6.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 5.3.5.

6.2 6.2.1

liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the BondTrustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholderson behalf of the Issuer.

6.2.2

The Issuer is liable for and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of all direct losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this BondAgreement.

6.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders, require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the BondTrustee before the BondTrustee takes any action.

6.3 6.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of BondTrustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 5. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new BondTrustee is elected.

9286968/1

20

EXECUTION VERSION

6.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 4.7, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

6.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessaryto perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

7 7.1 7.1.1

GENERAL PROVISIONS The Bondholders' community By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

a)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

b)

the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the

Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other

action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or the Share Pledge, opening of

bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access

to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the

Securities Depository; and

d)

this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders, meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii)

the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly

towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the

Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from

the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds,

enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a

substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents,

regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or non -contractual

basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual

rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii)

the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards

the Bondholders;

(lv)

the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v)

the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

9286968/1

21

EXECUTION VERSION

7.2

Deadlines

When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

a)

If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not

be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to,

shall be included.

b)

If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the

day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number,

corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an

actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

c)

If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to

the next Business Date.

7.3

Governing law, dispute resolution and legal venue

Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Bond Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo District Court.

7.4

Amendments

Amendments of this Bond Agreement may only be made with the approval of the parties to this Bond Agreement, with the exception of amendments as set forth under Clause 6.1.8.

7.5

Contact information

The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of any changes in its postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

9286968/1

22

SIGNATORIES:

EXECUTION VERSION

The Issuer: B121 HOLDING AS

The Bond Trustee: NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA

By: !LL"~d(b
Name: I,tt1.C<)TV't1\)No a...!YI~I,.i.{~
Title: Cf(4{~{>1AI\}

~c
By:_ ~
Name: Title:

__ :<:~
,__--_--- .
Vivian Trøsch
Attorney-at-Law

9286968/1

23

