NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidetpå engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (tel: +47 22 87 94 24) eller Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Ltd. (tel: +47 67 51 88 50)
To the bondholders in: ISIN NO 001056161.6 - Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Ltd Exchange Bond - Series II Bond Issue 2009/2019 (the "Bondholders")
Oslo, 8 December 2011
SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING - PROPOSAL TO AMEND TO BOND LOAN AGREEMENT
1. INTRODUCTION
Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Ltd. is the issuer and borrower ("MSCH" or the "Borrower") under that certain Loan Agreement, dated 14 December 2009, (the "Bond Loan Agreement") between MSCH, Marine Subsea AS as parent guarantor (the "Parent") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") as Trustee, pursuant to which MSCH issued the above-referenced bonds with ISIN NO 001056161.6, in the original principal amount of USD 67,454,209 (the "Bonds" or the "Series II Bond Issue").
All capitalised terms used herein that are not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Bond Loan Agreement unless otherwise stated.
The information in this summons (the "Summons") regarding the legal, operational and financial status of the Borrower, the conclusions reached by the boards of directors of the Borrower and the Parent and the requests for Bondholder approval in respect of the transactions described herein are being provided by the Borrower and the Parent. NTM expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever related to the requests made herein and to the information provided by the Borrower and the Parent.
2. BACKGROUND
The Borrower and the Parent have approached NTM and requested that a Bondholders' meeting is convened for the purpose of approving an amendment of the Bond Loan Agreement more particularly described herein (the "Amendment").
The Parent has recently sold its shares in the Borrower to African Offshore Ltd ("AOS") (the "Transaction") (see enclosed Press Release). The Borrower is the owner of the shares in Marine Subsea & Consafe Ltd. These shares are pledged to the Series II Bond Issue (the "Pledged Assets"). The Borrower also owns assets pledged to the Series I Bond Issue.
The board of directors of the Parent (the "Board") concluded that the Borrower had no value net of debt, so the sale was done in order to conserve value for all creditors. In the Board's opinion, the holders of the Series II Bond Issue will benefit from this transaction, as it ensures that
P0 Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

(i) The interests of the Series II Bond Issue can be looked after independently of the financial status of the Parent, and
(ii) The African Challenger can be marketed independently of the financial status o f the Parent.
Although AOS has acquired the shares in MSCH, AOS is obliged to return the Pledged Assets to the Parent, unless bondholders accept the Amendment involving a write-off of any guarantee claim against the Parent.
AOS has a similar obligation on the assets pledged to Series I. The bondholders in the Series I Bond Issue will inter alia decide on the same matter in connection with a bondholder's meeting convened on 13 December 2011.
3. THE PROPOSAL
The Company proposes a resolution to be passed by the Bondholders, whereby the Bond Loan Agreement is amended as follows:
· The definition of Guarantors is replaced by "N/A". · The definition of Parent is replaced by "N/A".
e
4. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL
The Company's evaluation:
If the Bondholders approve the Proposal:
(i) The Bondholders will retain all rights against MSCH, including the right to accelerate on the Bonds and take over the Pledged Assets.
(ii) AOS, as the new parent, will continue to ensure that the Bondholders interests are looked after in the most efficient manner.
(iii) AOS will propose that the Bondholders form a Creditor Board that represents the Bondholders towards AOS.
(iv) AOS will invite the Creditor Board to appoint a member to the board of MSCH and the board of Marine Subsea & Consafe Ltd.
(v) The value of the Pledged Assets will reflect (a) the quality and contract status of the rig post-delivery, (b) the cost and financing of the final yard payment and (c) the final distribution of equity and shareholder loans.
If the Bondholders do not approve the Proposal:
(i) AOS will be obliged to return the Pledged Assets to the Parent. (ii) The Parent will most likely not be able to reach an agreement with all of its creditors.
The on-going business has a value of maximum NOK 2 million, and only if all debt is
2

acquired or written-off. The NOK 2 million valuation is related to an acquirer that is willing to purchase all unsecured debt, totalling NOK 89.5 million excluding potential guarantee claims from the Series I Bond Issue and Series II Bond Issue. (iii) The result of not reaching an agreement with all creditors will be that the Parent will most likely go into bankruptcy. In bankruptcy there will be no recovery for creditors. (iv) A Norwegian bankruptcy court and a Cypriot bankruptcy court will decide on status (including title) of the Pledged Assets. (v) The value of the Pledged Assets will reflect (a) the quality and contract status of the rig post-delivery, (b) the cost and financing of the final yard payment and (c) the final distribution of equity and shareholder loans.
Non-reliance of Loan Trustee Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Loan Trustee. The Loan Trustee has not inquired into or evaluated the evaluation provided by the Borrower above. Bondholders should independently evaluate the Proposal and seek such additional advice as they may deem appropriate and vote accordingly.
5. CONFERENCE CALL - [DATE AND TIME]
The Company has informed the Loan Trustee that they will hold an information meeting on 12 December 2011 at 14:00 in the company's offices, located at Strandveien 50, 1366 Lysaker, Norway. Those unable to attend the meeting may participate by conference call. Dial inn details + 47 23 18 45 00, Pin: 22 14 91 #.
6. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:
Time: 16 December 2011 at 13:00 (CET) Place: the premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VII's Gate 1, Oslo
The resolutions will become effective for the Bonds when they are approved.
Agenda:
Pursuant to the Bond Loan Agreement, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from the Loan Trustee.
(i) Approval of the Summons;
(ii) Approval of the agenda;
(iii) Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman; and
(iv) Consent to the resolutions set out below.
3

Resolutions:
According to the Bond Loan Agreement, approval of the resolutions below requires a qualified majority of 2/3 in amount of the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favour of such proposals. In order for the Bondholders' meeting to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting in relation to the Bonds referred to in the heading to this meeting Summons resolve the following resolutions:

(i)

the definition of Guarantors is replaced by "N/A;

(ii)

the definition of Parent is replaced by "N/A.

-0O0-

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS) indicating your bondholding at the present date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered).
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Loan Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Loan Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Loan Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

4

For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Loan Trustee, to notify the Loan Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (as set out below) by 16:00 hours Olso time (15:00 hours London time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Attn: Fredrik Lundberg Tel: +47 22 87 94 24 Email: Lundberg@trustee.no
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Enclosures:

-Bondholder's Form/power of attorney -Press Release

5

Lysaker 21. November 2011
STATUS MARINE SUBSEA ACCOMMODATION ASSETS, AFRICAN CHALLENGER & UNSECURED DEBT
On 31 August 2011 the bondholders in ISIN NO 001056160.8 Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Ltd Bond Issue 2009/2019 ("Series 1") approved a restructuring proposal for the sale of all assets related to the offshore accommodation business from Marine Subsea to African Offshore Services (AOS) at a price of USD 90 million.
AOS has secured financing for the acquisition and the parties are now in the process of finalizing the transaction by inter alia transferring the shares of Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding ltd ("MSCH") to AOS. The transaction is expected to close before the end of 2011.
The bondholders in ISIN NO 001 056161.6 Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Ltd Exchange Bond Issue 2009/2019 ("Series 2") have security in MSCH's assets related to the African Challenger Semi-Submersible Accommodation Vessel under construction at the Yantai Raffles Shipyard in China. AOS will, on behalf of MSCH, Norsk Tillitsmann and the Series 2 bondholders, continue to seek an acceptable agreement with the Yantai Raffles Shipyard in China in order to realize the maximum value of the security.
Following these transactions, Marine Subsea AS ' will have no assets other than the technical and commercial consultancy business. These activities are currently generating a cash flow sufficient to cover operating expenses. There is however no cash flow available to service or repay any of the outstanding unsecured debt (approx NOK 78 mill in total).
The company has for some time marketed the Marine Subsea AS business for sale in order to ensure that all creditors receive the maximum value for their claims. Marine Subsea has received indicative interest from three parties, however all of the potential investors have set as a condition that the company's creditors are prepared to release the company from its debt. In order to secure a structured process with the company's creditors, the board on 11 November 2011 decided to submit a petition for debt settlement proceedings in accordance with the provisions of the Norwegian Bankruptcy Act § 2. The municipal court of Asker and Bærum approved the petition and appointed Attorney Andreas S. Christensen as the chairman of the debt settlement committee.
For further information please contact:
Managing Director Kristen S. Jakobsen (+ 47 915 48 408), Director of Strategy Thomas J. Fjell (+ 47 958 15 300) or Andreas S. Christensen (+ 47 92 02 38 73).
Org.nr.: 990 405 107 Strandveien 50, 1366 Lysaker Tlf.: +47 67518850 Fax.: +47 67518855 www.marinesubsea.no

