ISIN: NO 001 0682537
Amendment Agreement to
the Bond Agreement between
Electromagnetic Geoservices ASA ("Issuer") and
Nordic Trustee ASA (previously known as: Norsk Tillitsmann ASA)
("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue
FRN Electromagnetic Geoservices ASA Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2016

Nordic Trustee ASA

This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated on

December 2015 between

Electromagnetic Geoservices ASA (the "Issuer") and Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond

Trustee").

1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement
The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the Bond Agreement "FRN Electromagnetic Geoservices ASA Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2016" with ISIN 001 0682537, based on resolution adopted at the Bondholders' meeting dated 19 November 2015.

2. Amendment to the Bond Agreement

The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(i) The definition o f "Maturity Date" shall be amended to read:

"Maturity Date" means 27 June 2019 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention."

(ii) Clause 2.2.1 first paragraph shall be amended to read:
"The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount o f NOK 270,000,000 (Norwegian kroner twohundredandseventymillion)."

(iii) Clause 2.2.1 second paragraph shall be amended to read:
"The Bonds will be in denominations o f NOK 1.00 each and rank pari passu between themselves."
(iv) Clause 10.2.1 (Call Option) shall be amended to read:
`T he Issuer may redeem the entire Bond Issue (Call Option):
(i) From and including Interest Payment Date in June 2015 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in December 2018 at 103% of par plus accrued interest on redeemed amount; and
(ii) From and including Interest Payment Date in December 2018 to, but not included, the Maturity Date at 100% of par plus accrued interest on redeemed amount.

2
Uf

The applicable call price above shall be determined on the basis of the settlement date o f the Call Option."

Nordic Trustee ASA

(v) A new Clause 13.3 (0 shall read:
"No (i) Group Company and (ii) joint venture to which a Group Company is a party, shall incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness, other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness".

(vi) A new Clause 13.3 (g) shall read:
"No pledge shall exist over all or parts of the MC Library and the Issuer shall procure that no member of the Group sells or otherwise disposes of any part of the MC Library to any company outside the Group save that Group Companies may (i) license multi client data to customers in the ordinary course of business and (ii) invite industrial partners to take equity interest in the Group's multi-client projects."

(vii) A new definition of "MC Library" is added as follows:
""MC Library" means the Groups' multi-client library and any other asset forming an integral part of it."

(viii) A new definition o f "Permitted Financial Indebtedness" shall read:
""Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means
(a) Financial Indebtedness incurred under this Bond Agreement;
(b) Any financing by banks of receivables for services or products sold by Group Companies for working capital purposes;
(c) Any boiTowings pursuant to the USD 10 million Revolving Credit Facility;
(d) Any utilizations made of the USD 20 million LOC Facility;
(e) Any indemnity issued in connection with bid and performance guarantees issued by banks to customers related to a contract to be performed by a Group Company and/or other guarantees issued in the ordinary course o f business
not exceeding USD 5 million in the aggregate;

3

Nordic Trustee ASA
(0 Any Intercompany Loans, provided that such Intercompany Loans in case of default will be fully subordinated the Bonds;
(g) Any seller's credit and retention o f title arrangement (No.: "salgspant") in the ordinary course of business (including in connection with credit purchase of goods and services);
(h) Any Financial Indebtedness which is fully subordinated in the Bonds; (i) Any Permitted Hedging Obligation; (j) Any Financial Indebtedness not exceeding USD 5 million in the aggregate;
and (k) Any refinancing of any of the above with Financial Indebtedness permitted
under (a) to (j), provided that such refinancing in on no more onerous terms for the relevant Group Company."
(ix) A new definition of "USD 20 million LOC Facility" is added as follows: ""USD 20 million LOC Facility" mans the Committed Guarantee Facility dated 19 March 2012 with the Issuer as borrower and DNB ASA as lender in the amount of up to USD 20 million available for payment, bid and performance bonds in connection with needs in its daily operation."
(x) A new definition of "USD 10 million Revolving Credit Facility" is added as follows: ""USD 10 million Revolving Credit Facility"" means the revolving credit facility made available on 13 May 2015 with the Issuer as borrower and DNB Bank ASA as lender."
(xi) A new definition o f "Intercompany Loans" is added as follows: ""Intercompany Loans" means any unsecured Financial Indebtedness entered into by and among Group Companies."
(xii) A new definition o f "Permitted Hedging Obligation" is added as follows: ""Permitted Hedging Obligation" means any unsecured obligation of any Group Company under a derivative transaction entered into with one or more hedging counterparties in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any
4

Nordic Trustee ASA
rate or price, where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect o f payments to be made under this Bond Agreement (but not derivative transactions entered into for the investment or speculative purposes)."
3. Confirmation of the Bond Agreement All other provisions o f the Bond Agreement remain in full force.
4. Additional Finance Document This Agreement shall constitute a Finance Document for the purposes of the Bond Agreement.
5. Governing Law Disputes arising out o f or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.
5. Commencement The amendments set out in this Amendment Agreement shall become effective upon (i) this amendment being duly executed and the Bond Trustee receiving satisfactory evidence o f due authorisation), and (ii) the Issuer's receipt o f minimum NOK 214,000,000 and maximum NOK 278,000,000 in proceeds from an equity issue and acquisition of Bonds in an amount of NOK 80,000,000, on or about the date hereof.
***
This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.
5

