Execution version ISINNO 001 053847.3
Amendment Agreement No. 2 to
the Bond Agreement between
Blom ASA (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Blom ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2009/2012

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") has been entered into on 30 March 2011 between: (1) Blom ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with enterprise number 910 686 909) as
issuer (the "Issuer"); and (2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with enterprise number
963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
1 Background
This Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the agreement dated 23 September 2009 in connection with the "FRN Blom ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2009/2012" (as amended by an amendment agreement dated 23 June 2010, the "Bond Agreement") and is based on the resolutions adopted by the Bondholders in the Bondholders meeting held on 23 March 2011. Capitalized terms and expressions used herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term or expression in the Bond Agreement unless otherwise defined herein.
2 Amendments to the Bond Agreement
The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows: (a) A new definition of "Intercreditor Agreement" shall be inserted in Clause 1.1
{Definitions) to read as follows: "Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement dated 30 March 2011 and made between the issuer, the Bond Trustee in its capacity as trustee for the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee in its capacity as trustee for the bondholders in the Short Term Bond Issue. (b) A new definition of the "Short Term Bond Issue" shall be inserted in Clause 1.1 {Definitions) to read as follows: "Short Term Bond Issue" means the Issuer's bond issue "FRN Blom ASA Senior Bond Issue 2011/2012" with ISIN NO 0605991. (c) Clause 2.2.1 shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: "The Issuer has resolved to issue a series o fBonds in the maximum amount ofNOK 300 000 000 (Norwegian kroner three hundred million). The Bonds will be in denominations o fNO K1 each and rankpari passu. The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Blom ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2009/2012".
2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) o f the Bond Issue will be NO 001 053847.3.
The tenor o f the Bonds isfrom and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date. "
(d) Clause 7.1 (o) ("Paripassu ranking" ) shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
"Except as provided by the terms o f the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at leastpari passu with the claims o f all other unsubordinated creditors, exceptfor obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally. "
(e) Clause 8.1 shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
"The Bonds shall be senior debt o f the Issuer. Except as provided by the terms o f the Intercreditor Agreement, the Bonds shall rank at leastpari passu with all other unsubordinated obligations o f the Issuer (savefor such claims v\>hich are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws o fgeneral application) and shall rank ahead o fsubordinated debt. "
(f) A new Clause 9.7 shall be inserted to read as follows:
"The interest accruing on the Bonds during the periodfrom (and including) the Interest Payment Date on 25 December 2010 to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date on 25 December 2011 shall be paid in kind by issuing additional Bonds in the Bond Issue on the relevant Interest Payment Date, each in the denomination ofNOK 1 (the "Paymentin-Kind"). The number o f additional Bonds to be issued as Payment-in-Kind to each Bondholder shall be calculated based on the total number o fBonds held by such Bondholder at each relevant Interest Payment Date, rounded down to the nearest NOK. The Paying Agent shall carry out the payment in kind at the relevant Interest Payment Date. The additional Bonds issued as payment in kind shall rankpari passu with the existing Bonds asfrom the registration o f the additional Bonds in the Securities Depository, and shall be deemed to constitute apart o f the Bond Issue."
(g) A new Clause 13.2.1 (j) shall be inserted to read as follows:
"whenever the Issuer'sfree cash and cash equivalents (i. e. cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit o f any current and/or on deposit accounts with a bank that is freely and immediately available) is below NOK 50,000,000, provide the Bond Trustee with bi-weekly liquidityforecasts
(h) Clause 13.3 (a) ("Paripassu ranking" ) shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
"Except as provided by the terms o f the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at leastpari passu with the claims o f all its other unsubordinated creditors savefor those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws o fgeneral application. "
-f<L
3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) Clause 13.5.1 ("Dividends and other distributions'') shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
"The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividendpayments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in k in d - including without limitation repurchase o fshares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity. "
Waiver from financial covenants
The Bond Trustee hereby agrees and consents with the Issuer that no Event of Default shall be declared due to a breach of Clause 13.5.2 (Gearing Ratio) or Clause 13.5.3 {Book Equity Ratio) on or before 15 August 2011.
This clause 3 shall not be deemed as a consent or waiver to a change of any of the other undertakings of any of the Obligors contained in the Bond Agreement.
Conversion of Bonds
In the Issuer's extraordinary general meeting held on 18 March 2011 (the "EGM"), it was resolved that the Issuer shall conduct a rights issue of up to 243,603,816 new shares at a subscription price ofNOK 0.30 (the "Equity Issue").
In the EGM it was further resolved that in the event that:
(i) the Issuer by 30 April 2011 has not received subscriptions for shares in the Equity Issue resulting in gross proceeds of no less than NOK 50,000,000; or
(ii) it becomes clear prior to 30 April 2011 that the Equity Issue will not be completed with gross proceeds of no less than NOK 50,000,000,
then the Issuer shall, on the Bond Trustee's demand, issue convertible bonds in the amount of up to NOK 50,000,000 (the "Convertible Bonds"). The Convertible Bonds shall be issued by way of conversion of Bonds issued in the Bond Issue. The conversion shall take place at nominal value, so that one Bond with nominal value ofNOK 1 in the Bond Issue shall be converted into one Convertible Bond with nominal value ofNOK 1. The Convertible Bonds shall as far as practicable be allocated in proportion to how many Bonds each bondholder holds in the Bond Issue. The Convertible Bonds shall have the same ranking, security and maturity as the Bonds, but will carry no interest. The Convertible Bonds shall be convertible into shares in the Issuer at the option of the holders of such Convertible Bonds at any time during the term of the Convertible Bonds at a conversion price equal to NOK 0.30 per share. The Convertible Bonds will be documented in the form of a bond agreement to be agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee based, where relevant, on the Bond Agreement (as amended by this Amendment Agreement).
The Issuer hereby undertakes to the Bond Trustee that if the above conditions for the issue of the Convertible Bonds are met, and the Bond Trustee so demands, then the Issuer shall promptly take all such actions, execute and deliver all such documents, and do all such

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
things that are required for completion of the Conversion of Bonds in the amount of up to NOK 50,000,000 into the Convertible Bonds by 14 May 2011. Subject to the maximum amount of Convertible Bonds being NOK 50,000,000, the amount of Convertible Bonds shall be decided by the Bond Trustee.
Payment of fees, costs and expenses
The Issuer shall upon demand pay the amount of the fees of SEB Enskilda AS, the Bond Trustee's financial adviser, and the amount of all reasonable costs and expenses (including external legal fees) properly incurred by the Bond Trustee or SEB Enskilda AS in connection with the negotiation, preparation and execution of this Amendment Agreement and the completion of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Conditions precedent
The provisions of Clause 2 (Amendments to the Bond Agreement), Clause 3 (Waiver from financial covenants) and Clause 4 (Conversion of Bonds) of this Amendment Agreement shall become effective only if and when the Bond Trustee has received all of the following documents and other evidence in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(a) certified copies of all necessary coiporate resolutions passed by the Issuer in order for it to enter into this Amendment Agreement;
(b) a copy of the bond agreement for the Short Term Bond Issue, duly executed by the Issuer; and
(c) confirmation of the Issuer's payment in full of the amount of the fees payable to SEB Enskilda AS for the services rendered by it as financial adviser to the Bond Trustee (such fees to be deducted when the Short Term Bond Issue is made available to the Issuer and paid directly to SEB Enskilda AS).
Confirmation of the Bond Agreement
All other provisions of the Bond Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The Bond Agreement and this Amendment Agreement constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Bond Issue.
Dispute resolution and legal venue
Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Oslo City Court.
Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Bond Trustee.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

The Issuer

The Bond Trustee

By: AA'Ao SAAAA'OhJO Position: A F 6

By: f £ £ p K f l C Position:

6

