Covered Bond Agreement

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Entered into: between the Issuer: Company No. and the Bond Trustee: Company No. on behalf o f the Bondholders in: withlSIN:

30. November 2012 Bustadkreditt Sogn og Fjordane AS 946 917 990 Norsk Tillitsmann ÅSA 963 342 624 FRN Bustadkreditt Sogn og Fjordane AS Covered Bond Issue 2012/2019 (Extendable to 13. August 2020) NO 001 0665177

The Issuer undertakes to issue the Bonds in accordance with the terms set forth in this Bond Agreement.
1. Terms of the Issue
The terms of the Issue are as follows, supplemented by the definitions and clarifications set forth in Section 2:

Maximum Amount: Initial Amount: Face Value: Currency: Issue Bate: Maturity Date: Extended Maturity Date: Redemption Price: Call: Put: Coupon Accrual Date: Coupon: Reference Rate:
Margin: Coupon Date:
Day Count Fraction: Additional Return: Business Day Convention: Listing: Exchange:

1 000 000 000

One billion

300 000 000

Three hundred millions

1 000 000

NOK (Norwegian Krone)

13 December 2012

13 August 2019

13 August 2020

100% of Face Value

.NA

NA

.

NA

NA

Issue Date

Reference Rate + Margin

3 months (NIBOR), First term is calculated interpolating 1 months and 3 months (NIBOR)

0.58 percentage points p,a.

13 February, 13 May, 13 August and 13 November each year.

Actual/360

NA

Modified Following Business Day

YES

Oslo ABM

1

frL ZB

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2. Clarifications and definitions

When used in this Bond Agreement, the following words and terms shall have the following meaning and definition:

Additional Return: Attachment: Bond Agreement: Bond Trustee: Bondholder; Bondholders' Meeting: Bonds: Business Day: Business Day Convention:
Call:
Coupon:

If YES is specified, certain conditions set forth in Attachment

apply regarding yield. If NA is specified, no provisions regarding

Additional Return apply.

Any attachments to this Bond Agreement.

This agreement including any Attachments to which it refers, and

any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the

parties hereto.

Norsk Tillitsmarm ASA or its successor(s).

Holder o f Bond(s) as registered in the Securities Register.

Meeting o f Bondholders as set forth in Section 5 o f this Bond

Agreement.

Covered Bonds (obligasfoner medfortrinnsreti) issued pursuant to

this Bond Agreement and which are registered in the Securities

Register and in the Issuer's Cover Pool Register, each a "Bond".

Any day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is

open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency

transactions.

'

Convention for adjusting any relevant payment date ("Payment

Date") if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business

Day;

(i) If Modified Business Day is specified, the applicable

Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day.

(ii) If Modified Following Business Day is specified, the

applicable Payment Date shall be the first following

Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar

month, in which case the date shall he the first preceding

Business Day.

(iii) I f No Adjustment is specified, the applicable Coupon

Payment Date shall not be adjusted even if that day is not a

Business Day (payments shall be made on the first

following Business Day).

Issuer's early redemption right o f Bonds at the date(s) stated (the

"Call Date") and corresponding price(s) (the "Call Price"), ref.

Clause 3.6. and 3.7. The Call Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the

Business Day Convention. I f NA is specified, the provisions

regarding Call do not apply.

Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds;

(i) If the Coupon is stated in percentage points, the Bonds shall

hear interest at this rate per annum (based on the Day Count

Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including the

Coupon Accrual Date to the Maturity Date.

(ii) If the Coupon is stated as Reference Rate + Margin the

Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the

Reference Rate + Margin (based on the Day Count Fraction

set forth in Section 1), from and including the Coupon

Coupon Accrual Date: Coupon Date: Cover Pool:
Covered Pool Register:
Currency: Day Count Fraction:
Exchange:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Accrual Date to the first Coupon Date, and thereafter from and including each Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date until Maturity Date. The date on which interest on the Bond starts to accrue. If NA is specified, Coupon Accrual Date does not apply. Date(s) on which the payment of Coupon falls due. The Coupon Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. The pool of assets to which: (i) Hie Bondholders, (ii) any other holders o f bonds issued by the Issuer that
have been given the same preferential rights in the same cover pool, and (iii) counterparties to derivative contracts that have been given the same preferential rights in the same cover pool, if any, as referred to in Section 2-28 (e) o f the Financial Institutions Act, have a preferential right in accordance with the Financial Institutions Act Chapter 2, Sub-chapter TV and regulations given pursuant thereto, and which are registered in the designated Cover Pool Register at any time, subject to changes pursuant to Clause 3.5.2 of this Bond Agreement. The register oft (i) the Bonds, (ii) any other bonds issued by the Issuer that have been given the same preferential rights to the Cover Pool, (iii) the derivative contracts which have been given the same preferential rights as the Bonds, and (iv) the assets in the Cover Pool, - to he established and maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the Financial Institutions Act and regulations given pursuant thereto. The currency in which the Bonds are denominated. The convention for calculation of payment of Coupon. (i) If 30/360 is specified, the number of days in the relevant coupon period shall he calculated from and including the Coupon Accrual Date/Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date on basis of a year of 360 days with 12 months of 30 days divided by 360, unless (a) tire last day in the relevant coupon period is the 3 1st calendar day hut the first day o f the relevant coupon period is a day other than the 30tfl or tire 31stday of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the relevant coupon period is the last calendar day in February, in which case February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month. (ii) If Actual/360 is specified, the actual number of days in the relevant coupon period shall be from and including the Coupon Accrual Date/Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date. The number of days shall be divided by 360. Exchange or other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the Issuer has, or has applied for, listing o f fire Bonds. If NA is specified, the terms of this Bond Agreement covering Exchange do

Extended Maturity Date: Face Value: Financial Institution: Financial Institution Act: Initial Amount: ISIN: Issue: Issue Date: Issuer: Issuer's Bonds: Listing:
Margin: Maturity Date: Maximum Amount:
NIBOR:
Outstanding Bonds: Paying Agent: Put:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

not apply.

The extended date on which the Bonds fall due, as set out in Clause

3.6.4. The Extended Maturity Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the

Business Day Convention.

The face value o f each Bond.

Entity with authorization according to the Financial Institution Act.

The Norwegian Financial Institution Act (1988/40)

The amount equal to the aggregate Face Value o f the Bonds

(minimum) issued under the first Issue.

The identification number o f the Bonds (International Securities

Identification Number).

'

Any issue o f Bonds pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

The date of the first Issue.

The person or entity that has issued the Bonds and is the borrower

(debtor).

Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence

over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive

influence.

Indicates listing of the Bonds. I f YES is specified, the Issuer shall

submit an application in order to have the Bonds listed on the

Exchange^). If NO is specified, no obligation for listing applies,

but the Issuer may, at its own discretion, apply for listing.

Margin expressed in percentage points to be added to the

Reference Rate (if the Margin is negative, it shall be deducted from

the Reference Rate). I f NA is specified, no Margin applies.

The date on which the Bonds fall due. The Maturity Date shall be

adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention.

Amount stating the maximum aggregate Face Value of Bonds

which may be issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement. If NA is

specified, the aggregate Face Value o f the Bonds issued may not

exceed the amount specified as the Initial Amount,

(Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) Interest rate fixed for a

defined period on Reuters page NIBR at 12.00 noon Oslo time. In

the event that Reuters page NIBR is not available, has been

removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer

represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression

o f the Reference Rate, an alternative Reuters page or other

electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the

Issuer gives the same interest rate as the initial Reference Rate

shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall

calculate the Reference Rate based on comparable quotes from

major banks in Oslo.

The aggregate value o f the total number o f Bonds not redeemed or

otherwise discharged in the Securities Register.

The entity acting as registrar for the Bonds in the Securities

Register and paying agent on.behalf of the Issuer in the Securities

Register.

.

Bondholders' right to demand early redemption o f Bonds at date(s)

stated (the "Put Date") and corresponding price(s) (the "Put

Price"), ref. Clause 3.6 and 3.7. The Put Date shall be adjusted

pursuant to the Business Day Convention. IfN A is specified, the

provisions regarding Put do not apply.

Redemption Price: Reference Rate: Reset Date:
Securities Register: Voting Bonds:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The price, stated as a percent of the Face Value, at which the Bonds shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date, NIBOR rounded to the nearest hundredth of a percentage point on each Reset Date, for the period stated. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does not apply. Dates on which the Coupon is fixed for the subsequent coupon period for Bonds where Reference Rate applies. The first Reset Date is two Business Days before the Coupon Accrual Date. Thereafter the Reset Date is two Business Days prior to each Coupon Date. The securities register in which the Bonds are registered. Outstanding Bonds less Issuer's Bonds.

3. Other terms of the Issue

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

3.1. The purpose of the Issue

3.1.1. The purpose of the Issue is general financing o f the Issuer.

3.2. Listing and prospectus

3.2.1. In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, matters concerning the listing requiring the approval o f the Bondholders shall be resolved pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement.

3.2.2. In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, the Issuer shall submit the documents and the information necessary to maintain the listing.

3.2.3. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement shall be incorporated in any prospectus and other subscription or information materials related to the Bonds.

3.3. Status

3.3.1. Status of the Bonds

The Bonds are unsubordinated obligations issued as covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) in accordance with Chapter 2, Sub-chapter IV and appurtenant regulations o f the Financial Institutions Act and rankparipassu among (i) themselves, (ii) any other bonds issued by the Issuer that have been given the same preferential rights to the Cover Pool and (iii) any obligations o f the Issuer to counterparties under derivative contracts, if any, as referred to in Section 2-28 (e) of the Financial Institutions Act that have been provided the same preferred rights to settlement against the Cover Pool.

To the extent that claims in relation to the Bonds, other covered bonds and relating derivative agreements (both as registered in tire Cover Pool Register) are not met out of the Cover Pool, the residual claims will rank paripassu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations o f the Issuer, save for those preferred by law.

3.4. Security

3.4.1.

The Bonds are unsecured. In accordance with the Financial Institutions Act, the Bonds, together with (i) other covered bonds issued by the Issuer and registered in the Cover Pool Register at any time and (ii) any derivative contracts, as referred to in Section 2-28 (e) of the Financial Institutions Act and registered in the Cover Pool Register at any time, shall in the event o f bankruptcy, negotiation of debt under the Bankruptcy Act, winding up of the Issuer or public administration o f the Issuer, have an exclusive, equal and proportional preferential claim over the Cover Pool.

3.3. Covenants

3.5.1. The Issuer undertakes not to (either in one action or as several actions, voluntarily or involuntarily):
(a) sell or otherwise dispose o f all or parts o f its assets or business, (b) change the nature o f its business, or (c) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business,

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

if such action will materially and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under this Bond Agreement,

3.5.2. Notwithstanding Clause 3.5.1, the Issuer shall be entitled to:

(a) acquire, sell or dispose o f and/or replace assets covered by the Cover Pool at any time (including to terminate and/or enter into new derivative contracts pursuant to Section 2-28 (e) o f the Financial Institutions Act), and

(b) issue new bonds with the same preferred rights to settlement against the Cover Pool as the Bonds,

provided always that the Cover Pool subsequent to such transaction(s) complies with the requirements in clause 3.5.3.

3.5.3.

Notwithstanding Clause 3.5.1 and 3.5.2, the Issuer undertakes to keep an over collateralisation in the Cover Pool o f at least 11% while the bonds are outstanding. If the parent bank's rating is changed to A2 or better, the Issuer's commitment of over collateralisation will lapse.

3.5.4. For information covenants, see Clause 4.7.

3.6. Payments .

3.6.1. On each Coupon Date the Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued Coupon amount to the Bondholders.

3.6.2. On the Maturity Date the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Bond the Face Value multiplied by the Redemption Price to the Bondholders.

3.6.3. On the Maturity Date the Issuer shall pay any Additional Return (if applicable) to the Bondholders.

3.6.4. The Issuer may not apply any counterclaims in set-off against its payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

If the amount due is not paid in full on the Maturity Date, payment of the unpaid amount will be automatically deferred until the Extended Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Coupon Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date.

3.6.5. I f exercising Call or Put, the Issuer shall at the relevant date indicated under Call or Put pay to the Bondholders the Face Value o f the Bonds to be redeemed multiplied by the relevant price for the relevant date plus accrued Coupon on the redeemed Bonds.

3.6.6. Amounts payable to the Bondholders by the Issuer shall be available to the Bondholders on the date the amount is due pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

3.6.7. In the event that the Issuer has not fulfilled its payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement, interest shall accrue on the amount due at the higher of:

7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) the seven day NTBOR plus 3.0 percentage points (to be fixed two Business Days before due date and thereafter weekly), and
(e) the applicable Coupon at the due date plus 3.0 percentage points.
Default interest shall be added to the amount due on a monthly basis and accrue interest together with this (compound interest).

3.7. Exercise of Put and Call

3.7.1. Exercise of Call shall he notified by the Issuer to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee at least thirty Business Days prior to the relevant Call Date.

3.7.2. Partial exercise of Call shall be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to die procedures in the Securities Register).

3.7.3

Exercise of Put shall be notified by tire Bondholder to its Securities Register agent no later than fifteen Business Days prior to the relevant Put Date (to be forwarded to the Paying Agent).

4. Other terms and conditions

4.1. Conditions precedent
4.1.1. The Bond Trustee shall have received the following documentation, no later than 2 - two - Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly signed, (b) the Issuer's corporate resolution to make the Issue, (c) confirmation that the relevant individuals are authorised to sign on behalf o f the
Issuer this Bond Agreement and other relevant documents in relation hereto, (Company Certificate, Power o f Authority etc.), (d) the Issuer's Articles o f Association, (e) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 o f the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (prospectus requirements) are fulfilled, (f) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Issue, (g) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register, (h) any agreement regarding the Bond Trustee's fees and expenses as set forth in Clause 4.9.2 duly signed, (i) confirmation according to Clause 4.2.2 if applicable,
(j) any other relevant documentation presented in relation to the Issue, and
(k) any statements (including legal opinions) required by the Bond Trustee regarding documentation in this Clause 4.1.1.
4.1.2. The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for the documentation as set forth in Clause 4.1.1.
4.1.3. The Issuance of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the manager o f the Issue and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

8

Norsk Tillitsmartn ASA

4.2. Representations and warranties

4.2.1.

At any Issue, the Issuer represents and warrants that;
(a) all information which has been presented in relation to such Issue is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to effect the importance o f the information as regards the evaluation of the Bonds, and that the Issuer has taken all reasonable measures to ensure this,
(b) the Issuer has made a valid resolution to make such Issue, and such Issue does not contravene any o f the Issuer's other liabilities, and
(c) public requirements have been fulfilled (i.a. Norwegian Securities Trading Act Chapter 7 and the Norwegian Issue Regulations 1996 no. 1247), and that any required public authorisations have been obtained.

4.2.2. The Bond Trustee may prior to any Issue require a statement from the Issuer confirming the Issuer's compliance with Clause 4.2.1.
4.3. Tap Issues (subsequent Issues)
4.3.1. If Maximum Amount is applicable (Section l), the Issuer may make subsequent Issues ("Tap Issues") up to the Maximum Amount, provided that (a) the Tap Issue is made no later than five - 5 - Business Days prior to the Maturity Date, and that (b) all conditions set forth in Clauses 4.1.1 and 4.2.1 are still valid. Each Tap Issue requires written confirmation from the Bond Trustee, unless (i) tire Issuer is a Financial Institution and (ii) the Bonds constitute (senior) unsecured indebtedness o f the Issuer (i.e. not subordinated).
4.3.2. The Issuer may, upon written confirmation from the Bond Trustee, increase the Maximum Amount. The Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f any increase in the Maximum Amount
4.4. Registration of Bonds
4.4.1. The Issuer shall continuously ensure the correct registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register, and in the Cover Pool Register of the Issuer,

9

4.5. Interest Rate Fixing

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4.5.1.

If, pursuant to this Bond Agreement, the Coupon shall he adjusted during the term o f the Bonds, any adjustments shall be carried out by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Exchange shall be notified of the new Coupon applicable until the next Coupon Date.

4.6. The Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

4.6.1. The Issuer has the right to acquire Bonds and to retain, sell or discharge such Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.7. Information covenants

4.7.1. The Issuer undertakes to:
a) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a material effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement,
b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations or change the nature of its business,
c) upon request, provide the Bond Trustee with its annual and interim reports and any other information reasonably required by the Bond Trustee,
d) upon request report to the Bond Trustee the balance of Issuer's Bonds,
e) without being requested to do so, provide a copy to the Bond Trustee of any notice to its creditors to be made according to applicable laws and regulations,
f) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee o f notices to the Exchange which have relevance to the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond
. Agreement,
g) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f changes in tile registration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register,
h) without being requested to do so, annually in connection with the release of its annual report, or upon request, confirm to the Bond Trustee compliance with any covenants set forth in this Bond Agreement, and
i) without being requested to do so, annually provide to the Bond Trustee a copy o f the annual report from investigator to the Financial Supervisory Authority o f Norway, and on tire Bond Trustee's request provide the Bond Trustee with a copy of the last report issued by the investigator.

4.8. Notices
4.8.1. Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.
4.8.2. The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

10

4.9. Expenses

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4.9.1.

The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfillment of its obligations hereunder, including the `preparation o f this Bond Agreement, listing o f the Bonds on the Exchange, and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.9.2.

Tire expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer. For Financial Institutions, and Norwegian governmental issuers, annual fee will be determined according to applicable fee structure an terms and conditions presented at the Trustee's web site (www.trustee.no) at the Issue Date, unless otherwise is agreed with the Trustee. For other issuers a separate fee agreement will be entered into.

4.9.3. Any public fees payable in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilling of the obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer Is not responsible for reimbursing any public fees levied on the trading of Bonds.

4.9.4. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.

5. Bondholders' Meeting

5.1. Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

5.1.1.

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders' community in all matters regarding the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding and prevail for all Bonds.

5.2. Procedural rules for the Bondholders' Meeting

5.2.1. A Bondholders' Meeting shall be beld at the request of:
(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f the Voting Bonds, (c) the Bond Trustee, or (d) the Exchange.

5.2.2. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

5.2.3. If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 1 0 - te n Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

5.2.4.

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation o f each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time o f distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5.2.5.

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting, The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons,

5.2.6. The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes in the number o f Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.7. Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning o f a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

5.2.8.

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.9.

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result o f the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting, The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

5.2.10. The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and representatives of the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

5.2.11. Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

5.3. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

5.3.1.

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuer's Bonds. Issuer's Bonds have no voting rights.

5.3.2.

In all matters to he dealt with at the Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case o f parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless o f the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

5.3.3. In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 5.4. Even if less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

5.3.4. Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority o f the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in clause 5.3.5.

12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5.3.5. In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the votes is required:

i

(a) any amendment of the terms o f this Bond Agreement regarding the Coupon, the

tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the

Bonds.

(b) the transfer of rights and obligations o f this Bond Agreement to another issuer (borrower), or

(c) change o f Bond Trustee.

5.3.6. The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

5.3.7. The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

5.3.8. The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.4. Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

5.4.1.

I f the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 5.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall he specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

5.4.2. When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented.

6. The Bond Trustee

6.1. The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

6.1.1.

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of tins Bond Agreement, including supervision o f timely and correct payment of principal or interest, informing the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange o f relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters o f confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

6.1.2.

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.1.3.

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement, which, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement, see however Clause 6.1.5.

13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

6.1.4.

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 6.1.3 provided prior notification to the Bondholders are given, see however Clause 6.1.5. Such notice shall contain a proposal o f the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date o f such notification.

6.1.5. The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 6.1.3 or 6.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 5.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

6.1.6. The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

6.1.7. The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

6.1.8. The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 5.3.5.

6.2. (this clause is intentionally left blank)

6.3. Liability and indemnity

6.3.1.

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by tire Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content o f information provided to the Bondholders on behalf o f the Issuer.

6.3.2.

The Issuer is liable for and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect o f all direct losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f negligence by the Issuer to fulfill its obligations under the terms o f this Bond Agreement, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance o f this Bond Agreement.

6.4. Change of Bond Trustee

6.4.1. Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 5. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

6.4.2.

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 4.9, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach o f the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

6.4.3. The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

14

7. General provisions

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

7.1. The Bondholders' community
7.1. L Through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, the Bondholders will be deemed to have acceded to this Bond Agreement and hereby accept that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate tire terms o f this Bond Agreement,
access to the Securities Register to review ownership o f Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
7.1.2. This Bond Agreement shall he publicly available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer.
7.2. Dispute resolution and legal venue
7.2.1. Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Bond Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo District Court.
7.3. Amendments
7.3.1. Amendments of this Bond Agreement may only be made with the approval of the parties to this Agreement, with the exception of amendments as set forth under Clause 6.1.8.
7,4 Contact information
7.4.1. The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of any changes in its postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

Issuer

Bond Trustee

15

