Petromena ASA Company Update
PETROMENA ASA
COMPANY UPDATE
Prepared in connection with the bondholders' meetings in the following bonds:
ISIN NO 001031608.6 - 9.75 per cent Petromena ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2012 and ISIN NO 001039578.3 -10.85 per cent Petromena ASA Senior Secured Callable bond Issue 2007/2010
December 19,2008 1

Petromena ASA Company Update
1. Responsibility statement
This Company Update has been reviewed by the Board of Directors of Petromena ASA on 19th December 2008.
The Board of Directors confirms that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in the Company Update is, to the best of our knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect the import of the Company Update.
Bergen 19th December 2008 Board of Directors of Petromena ASA
2. Introduction
This Company update has been made in connection with the upcoming bondholders' meetings in the loans with ISIN NO 001031608.6 (the "NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue") and ISIN NO 001039578.3 (the "USDm 300 Bond Issue") (together the " Bond Loans") where Petromena ASA ("Petromena" / the "Company") is the borrower.
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement related to each of the Bond Loans (the "Bond Loan Agreements") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
In addition to this Company Update, Norsk Tillitsmann has provided a separate summons letter (the "Summons Letter"). Bondholders in the Bond Loans are encouraged to read both documents in addition the Bond Loan Agreements, available with the trustee Norsk Tillitsmann at +47 22 87 94 00.
2.1. Update on the Company
The Petromena group (the "Group") is presently the owner of one operating drilling rig ("SS Petrolia") and the Group has three ultra deepwater drilling units (Petrorig 1 / "Rig 1", Petrorig 2 / "Rig 2" and Petrorig 3 / "Rig 3", together the "New Buildings") under construction at Jurong Shipyard in Singapore. All four rigs owned by the Group have secured time charter contracts. In the Company's opinion, both the rig design, the yard and the charter contract counterparties are of excellent quality.
The three New Buildings have scheduled delivery dates at 30th April '09 (rescheduled from the original date of 31st January 2009), 30thSeptember 2009 and 31st January 2010.
Petrorig 1 and Petrorig 2 are included in the security package for the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue by i.a. the Assignment of Construction Contract (pre delivery) and the Mortgage and Assignment of Insurance (to be established post delivery). Prior to delivery and the establishment of a first priority bank loan the bondholders will have highest security priority after the yard.
The shares in the Singapore Subsidiaries (Petrorig I Pte Ltd ("Petrorig I"), Petrorig II Pte Ltd ("Petrorig I") and Petrorig III Pte Ltd ("Petrorig III")) owning the rigs under construction are included in the security package for the USDm 300 Bond Issue by the Share Charges. The USDm 300 Bond Issue is also secured by i.a. a mortgage in SS Petrolia and a share pledge in the subsidiary owning SS Petrolia.
2

Petromena ASA Company Update
Petrorig III has issued a NOK 1,600 million bond loan with security rights in the construction contract for Petrorig 3 prior to delivery and in such rig after delivery. The figure below shows the Group's legal structure:
Petromena ASA

M an ag e m en t se rvices ac co rd ing to m ana g em e n t ag re em en t w ith LO G

100% Petrorig I Pte Ltd

100% Petrorig II Pte Ltd

100% Petrorig III Pte Ltd

100% Petromena Ltd

Owner of Petrorig 1

Owner o f Petrorig 2

Owner of Petrorig 3

Owner o f SS Petrolia

2.2. Rationale for summon for bondholder meetings
In order to complete the construction of the three New Buildings and bring the units into operation, the Group has remaining capital expenditures of approximately USD 300 million per rig.
In December 2007 the Group established a USD 200 million bank financing facility for each of these rigs with Lloyds TSB Bank, equaling the maximum amount of First Priority Debt allowed under the Bond Loan Agreements. The finalization of this bank loan facility presupposes i.a. finalization of an inter-creditor agreement with the Loan Trustee, such finalization yet to occur.
However, the undrawn USD 200 million credit facilities for each of the New Buildings will not be sufficient to fully fund each rig; consequently there is a funding gap of approximately USD 100 million per rig including mobilization costs in order to bring the units into operation.
Petromena has at length explored various alternatives to meet this funding requirement. The bank financing market has been extremely challenging for months, as banks are generally unable or unwilling to assume new commitments.
Petromena has discussed with Lloyds TSB Bank and other banks to jointly provide the requested amount needed to take delivery of Petrorig 1 and get the rig into operation. These banks have provided the Company with an indicative term sheet, subject to final credit approval, for a USD 300 million credit facility related to Petrorig 1. Please observe that there is no guarantee that the banks will finalize the loan facility or that the conditions for drawing up the loan will be met, unless among others consent from both Bondholders and the shipyard is given.
Please also be advised that the new loan facility is subject to Lloyds TSB Bank being released from the current loan facilities related to the New Buildings (USD 600 million in total). Such release is expected to take place upon the signing of the new loan agreement, and may accordingly take place prior to any drawing under the new loan facility being allowed.

3

Petromena ASA Company Update
The Company is of the opinion that it is a preferred alternative to fund and finalize Rig 1 separately on the terms indicated from banks, while actively seek necessary financing of Rig 2 and Rig 3, unless a better solution for financing Rig 1 is established within a short time frame.
A termination of the current loan facility of USD 600 million could be perceived as a severe set-back with respect to the overall funding. On this basis, it would be a preferable alternative for the Company and bondholders to carry out an additional debt financing for an amount equaling the USD 100 million "gap" between the existing bank facility of USD 200 million for Rig 1 and the financing need of USD 300 million for Rig 1, which is compatible with the existing bank facilities from Lloyds TSB Bank. This could be provided as a bond, conventional debt etc. with priority in between the existing Lloyds TSB Bank facility and the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue.
At present the alternative representing the new bank loan facility of USD 300 million seems the most realistic avenue to funding of Rig 1.
As the current Loan Agreements for the Bond Loans are limiting the first priority carve-out to USD 200 million for each of the New Buildings, the Company will put forward a proposal to the bondholders in the Bond Loans to increase this carve-out for First Priority Debt related to Petrorig 1 in the Bond Loan Agreements for an amount up to USD 300 million as described in the Summons Letter. This will in the Company's opinion be sufficient to finance yard installment and other costs that are needed to bring Petrorig I into operation. The proposal in the Summons Letter is compatible with all alternatives involving USD 300 million of debt with better priority security in Rig 1 than the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue and the USDm 300 Bond Issue.
The Company is aware of the challenges regarding the remaining funding, and the Company will, irrespective of which funding alternative is pursued for Rig 1, actively work to secure additional financing for Rig 2 and Rig 3. Possible funding alternatives are to secure similar bank debt structures as the new Rig 1 facility or to sell one of the rigs. Alternatively, the Company could issue new equity if the market allows for that going forward. Assuming a new credit facility will come in place for Rig 1, the Company estimates that the next capital requirement will be in connection with the delivery of Rig 2 in September 2009 (assuming that the USD 105 million installment related to Rig 3 is postponed from January 2009 to January 2010).
2.3. Evaluation of the proposed changes in the Loan Agreements
In the Company's opinion, the proposed amendments set forth in the separate Summons Letter should be a fair and acceptable solution for the Bondholders in the Bond Loans as well as for other stakeholders, in light of the present situation.
Upon delivery of Rig 1, Petromena will have two drilling rigs in operation, and the Company believes this will be positive with respect to secure funding of Rig 2 and Rig 3. Under the Proposal, the Bondholders will potentially benefit both from Rig 1 actually being delivered and funded and receive improved downside protection through amendments in the Bond Loan Agreements as described in the Summons Letter.
If the Proposal is not accepted, Petromena will not be fully funded for delivery of Petrorig 1 in April 2009, and the Company will have insufficient cash to cover the mobilization cost for Rig 1. This will probably bring the Company into an insolvency situation. In the Company's opinion, the outcome of an unfunded scenario is very uncertain for all stakeholders. If Petromena is not able to secure funding at delivery,
4

Petromena ASA Company Update
Jurong has the right to sell the rig in order to cover the claims against Petrorig I. Until delivery, the yard will have full title of relevant rig, and de facto have full control of the rig both by ownership as well as maritime lien. The Company believes that the value of Rig 1 is significant, but it is worth mentioning that selling a rig that is confiscated by the yard is a challenging and time consuming process in the current market. In a default scenario, the sales price would be very uncertain.
In a default scenario, the Company believes that the values of the rigs are significantly lower compared to a sale in a going concern scenario. As the remaining CAPEX on each of Rig 1 and Rig 2 is approximately USD 300 million each, the value of the rigs must be approximately USD 450 million1each in order for the bondholders in the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue to get 100% recovery, according to the Company's estimates. For the USDm 300 Bond Issue, the recovery is more uncertain. Rig values have dropped since SS Petrolia was sold to Petromena one year ago, meaning that the likely value of that rig is below the purchase price of USD 225 million. However, the USDm 300 Bond Issue is also secured by a 2nd pri pledge in the shares in the Singapore Subsidiaries, structurally behind the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue and the First Priority Debt.
Petromena believes that the current pricing of the Bond Loans reflects the uncertainty regarding the funding of Petrorig 1 and Petrorig 2. The Company hopes that parts of this uncertainty will be removed with the proposal set forth in the Summons Letter.
3. Rig construction
3.1. The construction contracts
Petrorig I, Petrorig II and Petrorig III has entered into fixed price EPC-contracts (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) contracts, which implies that Jurong Shipyard is responsible for the design, fabrication and functionality of the New Buildings, including drilling equipment, thrusters and dynamic positioning system. Jurong carries title to and risk for the New Buildings until delivery. Jurong's parent company, SembCorp Marine (market cap of -USD 2,500 million), has issued a refund guarantee in favor of Petrorig I, II and III, ensuring proper re-payment of any or all payments made by Petrorig I, II and III to Jurong, which are re-payable according to the conditions of the construction contract. Furthermore, Petromena has issued a payment guarantee in favor of Jurong shipyard, ensuring proper payment from Petrorig I, Petrorig II and Petrorig III according to the agreed payment schedule.
Petrorig 1 The construction contract was signed on 21 October 2005. According to the construction contract, delivery shall take place on or before 31 January 2009. The total yard payments amount to approximately USD 454 million, including a USD 5 million success bonus to Jurong for on-time delivery or at the discretion of Petrorig I. As the expected delivery date is 30th April 2009, this success bonus will not be paid. The Company has estimated that some further payments will accrue due to variation orders. If the rig is sold before delivery, the success bonus shall be paid. The yard payments and remaining CAPEX is shown in section 5.
If delivery is delayed more than 110 days, the yard shall pay a penalty of USD 123,356 per day, limited to a maximum amount of 5% of the contract price. Petrorig I may cancel the contract if delivery has not occurred 375 days after the contractual delivery date. Petrorig I may also terminate the contract upon
1 USDm 300 + (NOKm 2000 / 7.0) / 2 = USDm 300 + USDm 143 - USDm 450 (+ transaction cots)
5

Petromena ASA Company Update
gross negligence. Upon termination, Jurong shall repay all payments plus interest equal to LIBOR + 1.5 percent, but has no further obligations.
jurong may terminate the contract upon gross negligence caused by Petrorig I, in which case Jurong is entitled to interest corresponding to LIBOR + 1.5 percent. Jurong may terminate the construction contract if payments in excess of USD 1 million are delayed more than 30 days, plus 20 days notification period. The construction process shall resume if Petrorig I secures payment guarantees. Upon gross negligence, Jurong shipyard may sell the rig before or after completion.
Jurong shipyard shall issue a twelve month guarantee after delivery of the rig. The construction contract is subject to English law. With certain exemptions, Jurong's liability under the construction contract is limited to 10 percent of the contract price.
Petrorig 2 The construction contract was signed 23 March 2006. Delivery of the rig shall take place at the earliest of 30 September 2009 or eight months after actual delivery of Petrorig 1. Total yard payments amount to approximately USD 483 million, including a success bonus to Jurong of USD 2.5 million. The Company has estimated that some further payments will accrue due to variation orders. The yard payments and remaining CAPEX is shown in section 5. Upon delayed delivery, penalties shall apply 75 days after the contractual delivery date. The penalties amount to USD 133,333 per day, limited to a maximum amount of 5 percent of the contract price. Other contract terms correspond to those of Petrorig 1.
Petrorig 3 The construction contract was signed 25 January 2007, and delivery shall take place before 31 January 2010. Total yard payments amount to USD 524 million. The Company has estimated that some further payments will accrue due to variation orders. The yard payments and remaining CAPEX is shown in section 5. Jurong must pay a daily penalty of USD 145,555 in case of delayed delivery of more than 45 days after the contractual delivery date, limited to a maximum of 5 percent of the contract price. Other contract terms correspond to those of Petrorig 1.
3.2. Construction progress
The construction of all New Buildings is progressing in line with schedule except that the yard has informed the Company that Petrorig 1 will be delivered on 30thApril 2009 (three months behind schedule). No delays are expected for Petrorig 2 and Petrorig 3. All major long lead time third party equipment items, including drilling packages, have been ordered for all New Buildings.
Petrorig 1 Overall progress for Petrorig 1 is 87% complete versus latest planed 89%. The revised delivery date for the rig is 30thApril 2009, following a two months sea trials period. The shortfall in planned progress should be made up during the work at anchorage. Mechanical completion is 70% complete and Commissioning is proceeding well. The current plan is to complete piping hydro-testing and cable-testing by 10th January 2009 and systems commissioning by end of January. The crew move on board date is the 15th January and the move to anchorage for thruster installation is scheduled for 1st February 2009. All key crew members have been recruited, while the Company is optimistic regarding securing the remaining crew. Tug boat mobilization has been notified for 30th April 2009 for the ocean voyage to US Gulf of Mexico. Arrival in US GoM is expected to be late June 2009 while star-up on the contract is expected to be on 1st July 2009. All specifications in the Petrobras contract are incorporated in the construction and progress plan.
6

Petromena ASA Company Update
Petrorig 2 Petrorig 2 is similar to Petrorig 1 in terms of construction contract and specification and also follows an integrated construction and progress plan. Overall progress for Petrorig 2 is on schedule at 61% complete. Vessel outfitting and hook up continues, and the drill floor, lower and middle derrick sections have been installed on board the vessel and their hook up and outfitting continues. The testing of the crown compensator is complete and is being shipped for installation on the upper derrick in January 2009. Test packs and commissioning procedures have been received based on Petrorig 1 documentation. Testing and start up of the main engines shall commence in January 2009. No revised delivery date is expected. All required adaptations to the Petrobras contract have already been made.
Petrorig 3 Petrorig 3 is similar to the two other rigs in terms of construction contract and specification and also follows an integrated construction and progress plan. Overall progress for Petrorig 3 is on schedule at 43% complete. The upper hull block fabrication progresses well and further major blocks lifts are scheduled in December 2009. The lower hull pontoons have been fitted with the thruster foundation structures and are now being outfitted at quayside. The columns are being assembled as major blocks for lifting straight on to the pontoons. Mating of the lower and upper Hulls is scheduled for May 2009. No revised delivery date is expected. All required adaptations to the Pemex contract have already been made.
4. Rigs in operation
Petromena Ltd owns the second generation semi submersible drilling rig SS Petrolia. The rig is a Pentagone design, built in 1976, suitable for operations in water depths up to 1,200 feet. SS Petrolia is classified by Det Norske Veritas and is registered in Liberia, and the rig complies with U.K. safety requirements. SS Petrolia is insured in accordance with normal industry practice. SS Petrolia has a USD 174 million "Hull & Machinery" cover; a USD 43.5 million "Hull Interest" cover, a USD 32 million "Freight Interest" cover and a USD 250,000 per day "Loss of Hire" cover. SS Petrolia has "Protection and Indemnity" cover, covering USD 100 million per insurance event.
5. Rig financing
5.1. Yard payment schedule
The payment terms in the rig construction contracts with Jurong implies that a significant portion of the total yard payments are payable towards the end of the construction period. The table below gives a summary of the yard payment schedules for the rigs.

Schedule of paym ents Jurong (M U S D ) Signing of contract Delivery date
T im e of signing 1 y e ar after signing
14 months before delivery D e liv e ry Total payments to Jurong

PetroRig I 15 Oct. 2005 31 Jan. 2009

Schedule of payments Jurong PetroR ig II (M U SD ) 31 Mar. 2006 Signing of contract 30 Sep. 2009 Delivery date

67

72

Tim e of signing

72

72

30 April 2 0 07

31 January 2008

89

96

31 January 2009

226

243

D e liv e ry

454

483

Total payments to Jurong

P etroR ig III 25 Jan. 2007 31 Jan. 2010
79 79 105 105 157 525

7

Petromena ASA Company Update

The Company is currently in dialogue with the yard regarding postponement of the USD 105 million installment in January 2009 on Petrorig 3 until the delivery date in January 2010. Note that revised delivery date for Petrorig 1 is expected to be 30thApril 2009.

5.2. Total estimated project costs during construction period

In addition to yard payments of approximately USD 1,462 million for the three New Buildings (including expected bonus for on-time delivery), Petromena expects to incur additional costs and expenses during the construction period, including management fees and various other project costs, as well as financing costs during the construction period. The table below shows the accrued project costs for each rig, the current cash holdings in each group entity as well as the remaining project costs related to each of the newbuilds:

USDm Cash today (01.12.08) Paid in project costs Remaining payments Total payments

Petrorig 1 0.3
267.0 295.2 562.2
294.9

Petrorig II 2.6
257.0 300.3 557.3
297.7

Petrorig III 38.2 276.0
350.6 626.6
312.4 Company estimates

The table shows that there are remaining funding needs of approximately USD 295 million, USD 298 million and USD 312 million for the three New Buildings respectively (USD 905 million in total), taking the current cash into consideration (USD 36.2 million of the cash related to Petrorig 3 is on an escrow account to cover costs related to Petrorig 3). In addition, Petromena ASA has funding needs of approximately USD 50 million related to coupon payments and bond loan installments over the next 18 months.

5.3. Financing sources

Petromena has raised approximately NOK 2,340 million in equity and NOK 3,600 million plus USD 300 million in bonds to date (bonds of NOK 2,000 million and USD 300 million raised by Petromena, NOK 1,600 million raised by Petrorig III).

Existing bank facilities In December 2007, Petrorig I and Petrorig II signed Loan Agreements for two separate credit facilities totaling USD 400 million with Lloyds TSB Bank to be used to finance the last yard payments for Petrorig 1 and Petrorig 2. At the same time Petrorig III signed a Loan Agreement with the same bank for USD 200 million related to Petrorig 3. Petromena is guarantor under both facilities. In order for these facilities being available, Petromena must comply with various terms and conditions before release of funds including i.a. finalization of an inter-creditor agreement with the Loan Trustee.

Lloyds TSB Bank has indicated that the new credit facility related to Rig 1 is conditional upon all other commitments from Lloyds TSB Bank being cancelled.

Rig: Loan Amount: Comment:

Petrorig 1

Petrorig 2

USD 400 million facility

Crass collateralized

Petrorig 3 USD 200 million facility

8

Petromena ASA Company Update
New bank facility The Company has received an indicative term sheet from Lioyds TSB Bank and one other bank for a new bank facility of USD 300 million. This also includes a USD 22.5 million pre-delivery facility which will be replaced by the post-delivery facility. The facilities will be related to Petrorig 1 only, having a 1st priority mortgage in Petrorig 1, as well as i.a. in the shares in the rig-owning subsidiary. The loan agreement is not yet signed, and is subject to final credit approval by the banks.
Potential risks related to new bank facility There is a significant risk that a new bank loan agreement will include conditions precedent requirements that are stricter compared to the existing Lloyds TSB Bank loan agreement. The Company may in a worst case scenario be unable to satisfy these conditions precedent requirements, and consequently be unable to draw under the new bank facility as planned , where after the Company will have an unfunded capital need of USD 300 millions for each of the three New Buildings (USD 900 million in total).
The Company recognizes that the proposed strategy - to finalize Rig 1 and deliver the rig to Petrobras under the time charter prior to having full funding available for Rig 2 and Rig 3 - may be very demanding, as there is no formal agreement in place with the yard with respect to a release of Rig 1 prior to the Company having funded its obligations with respect to the remaining rigs or with Petrobras with respect to a scenario where Rig 2 is not delivered on time. Accordingly the Company may eventually need to establish a full financing within a shorter time frame than the payment schedule for Rig 2 and Rig 3 indicates.
Remaining funding requirements for Petrorig 2 and Petrorig 3 For Petrorig 2, the Company has no significant funding needs prior to delivery of the rig in September 2009.
For Petrorig 3, the Company currently has a USD 105 million yard installment due on 31st January 2009. However, the Company is in close dialogue with Jurong Shipyard to postpone this installment until delivery of the rig in January 2010. If such postponement is agreed on, Petrorig III will probably ask the bondholders in the NO K1,600 million bond loan for a waiver of the additional USD 50 million of equity that ought to be in place within 20ttl February 2009 (to be used to fund Petrorig 3). This amount is included in the USD 312 million funding need for Petrorig 3 as described above. If the Company is not able to postpone parts of- or the entire January 2009 installment, it needs approximately USD 83 million2 of additional cash to meet this installment. Petromena is working actively on both postponing the installment and to come up with additional funding solutions. Pre-delivery, the most likely solutions are (i) to sell a rig or, (ii) to sell some equipment. If the January 2009 yard installment is postponed until delivery date in January 2010, the most realistic funding sources for the remaining funding requirement are (i) to secure similar credit facility as the new facility for Petrorig 1 or (ii) to sell one rig. Equity issue could also be a solution if the equity market improves.
5.4. Risks related to remaining funding requirements
If the new bank facility is implemented and drawn upon, the Company will have a funding gap of approximately USD 300 million with respect to Rig 2 and USD 300 million with respect to Rig 3. The Company recognizes that this proposal is likely to result in cancellation of the current facilities related to Petrorig 2 and Petrorig 3, and that it could be very challenging to acquire sufficient financing for these amounts unless the financial markets improve significantly. However unless a better solution for financing
2 Current cash in Petrorig II! (USD 38.2) - USD 105 million - interests & others (USD 16.4 million) = USD 83.2 million
9

Petromena ASA Company Update
Rig 1 is established within a short time frame, Petromena believes that this solution is the only possible solution and the best alternative for all stakeholders as the Company will be able to get the first rig out of the yard as planned, generating cash flow.
6. What if the additional funds are not raised?
If the additional funds are not raised in time, the Company will not have sufficient cash to get Petrorig 1 out of the shipyard and into operation. If Petrorig I defaults under the construction contract with Jurong Shipyard, Jurong has the right to initiate a sale of the rig. Under the construction contract between Petrorig I and Jurong Shipyard, the position is as follows if Petrorig I defaults in making the delivery installment and fails to take delivery of the rig:
After technical acceptance of the rig by Petrorig I, Jurong shall nominate a banking day with not less than three working days advance notice to Petrorig I on which the rig will be delivered. If Petrorig I is unable to take delivery of the rig as a result of its inability to pay the delivery installment, this will be a purchaser's default under the construction contract.
In such an event, Jurong shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to terminate the construction contract by giving written notice to the Petrorig I. If the construction contract is terminated in accordance with this provision, (i) Jurong shall cease to be under any further obligation to construct and deliver the rig to Petrorig I, (ii) any purchaser's supplies installed onto the rig or in the custody of Jurong will become the property of Jurong and (iii) any amounts paid under the previous installments will be retained and applied towards the contract price due to Jurong.
Following this, Jurong has the right to sell the rig. If the proceeds from a sale exceed what is due to Jurong, the yard shall pay such excess amount within 60 days of receipt of the same to Petrorig I, provided that such amount shall in no event exceed the total amount of the installments previously paid by Petrorig I and other monies of Petrorig I held by Jurong.
NOK 2.000 million loan The Company is short approximately USD 100 million in order to get Petrorig 1 into operations. In order to get the rig out of the yard, the Company has to raise this amount in order to avoid insolvency. If Petrorig I fails to pay the last yard installment and consequently defaults under the construction contract for such rig, the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue holders may trigger a default. The price in a scenario where Jurong sells the rig is uncertain, so is the bondholders' recovery.
USD 300 million loan The same main elements apply for the USD 300 million bond loan as for the NOK 2,000 million bond loan. If the Company defaults under the Petrorig 1 construction contract, the USDm 300 Bond Issue may claim to be in default. However, the USD 300 million bond is structurally behind the NOK bond, and the recovery from the New Buildings could potentially be very low in a default scenario. SS Petrolia was purchased for USD 225 million one year ago, but the value of this rig has probably dropped in line with the general market since the transaction in 2007.
NOK 1,600 million loan If the parent company Petromena ASA defaults because of inability to fund Petrorig 1, Petrorig III will be left with no backing from the parent company. There are no cross default clauses for other debt within the Petromena Group in the NOK 1,600 million bond loan, meaning that the NOK 1,600 million bondholders cannot trigger a default in such scenario. If the parent company Petromena ASA defaults, there will be
10

Petromena ASA Company Update
uncertainties regarding the funding of Petrorig III, including insufficient capacity to meet the required funding commitments from the parent company. It is likely that Petrorig III as a company will be at risk if the parent company defaults.

7. Material contracts (other than the construction contracts)

7.1. Drilling contracts

Petrorig I and Petrorig II have been assigned five-year drilling contracts with Petrobras and Petrobras America, while Petrorig III and Petromena Ltd (owner of SS Petrolia) have been assigned a five-year and 2.5 year drilling contracts respectively with Pemex. The drilling contracts have been entered into by LOG UK as Contractor, acting on behalf of Petrorig I, Petrorig II, Petrorig III and Petromena Ltd. In accordance with the management agreements between the LOG Companies and the Petromena Group, the rig owning subsidiaries of Petromena have the same rights and obligations towards the LOG Companies as the LOG Companies have towards Petrobras, Petrobras America and Pemex. All four rigs owned by the Group have secured time charter contracts as follow:

Rig Petrorig I Petrorig II Petrorig III SS Petrolia

Charterer Petrobras Petrobras Pemex Pemex

Start-up May `09 4 Q `09 1Q `09 February `08

Duration 1825 days 1825 days 1825 days 913 days

Dayrate $ 395'/d $ 3537d $ 516'/d $ 288'/d

Options 5 yrs 5yrs 5 yrs -

The drilling contract assigned to Petrorig I Petrorig 1 shall start on a drilling program in the US GoM for Petrobras America. However, Petrobras has the right on 30 days notice to request Petrorig 1 to move to Brazilian waters to start drilling operations for Petrobras. In such an event, the contracts with Petrobras come into full force and effect when Petrorig 1 is moved off one mile from the last drilling location, and the contract with Petrobras America is suspended from the same time. The contracts with Petrobras contain similar mechanisms for suspension and the re entering into force of the contract with Petrobras America.
Gulf o f Mexico contract Acting on behalf of Petrorig I, LOG UK as Contractor entered into a Domestic Daywork Drilling Contract on 8 June 2006. The Commencement Date is between 1 January 2009 and 18 May 2009. An early arrival bonus will be paid by Petrobras America if Petrorig 1 has been tested and accepted by Petrobras America before 31 March 2009. A late arrival penalty will be charged if Petrorig 1 fail to complete the required test and acceptance program by 18 May 2009. The late arrival penalties shall be equal to 30 % of the operating rate of USD 395,000 per day such penalty is payable by Petrorig I. Petrorig I is entitled to liquidated damages from Jurong, but only if the rig is delivered later than 110 days as from 31 January 2009. From 31 January to 18 May there are approximately 108 days and some time will have to be used to move the vessel to the drilling site. Thus, Petrorig I is at risk for having to pay liquidated damages to Petrobras America without being entitled to claim such damages from Jurong.
The duration of the contract is 1,825 days. The parties may, 120 days prior to expiry, agree to extend the contract by up to 1,825 days.
Petrobras America shall pay a USD 19.3 million mobilization fee and the daily operating rate equals USD 395,000, while the moving and standby rates are USD 355,000. The force majeure rate is USD 316,000

11

Petromena ASA Company Update
(payable for up to 15 days in any period of 30 days, after which during the continuance of the event, no rate is paid) and the repair rate is zero. An incentive bonus may be awarded in accordance with a certain formula. The estimated total gross value of the contract, excluding possible bonus and excluding mobilization fee is approximately USD 700 million.
The contract contains various termination clauses, including (i) the right for Petrobras America to terminate if Petrorig 1 has not been tested and approved within 90 days following 18 May 2009 (i.e. 18 August 2009), (ii) if Contractor fails to cure a breach of contract in 72 hours after receiving written notice thereof, and (iii) Petrorig 1 is on stand-by rate for 30 days due to storm damage and adverse sea conditions.
During drilling operations, Operator may apply penalties equal to 20 % of the operating rate (USD 395,000 per day) for each day the Contractor fails to comply with a contractual obligation, not to exceed 10 % of total estimated compensation payable to Contractor under the contract.
Contractor is responsible for maintaining all required approvals and certificates. Contractor may transport the contract to a subsidiary or third party upon the Operators approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The contract is subject to USA Maritime Law, and if not applicable, Texas law.
Brazilian contract The Brazilian contract comprises a Charter and a Services Contract.
Charter Contract Acting on behalf of Petrorig I, LOG UK as Contractor and Petrobras Brazil as Charterer have entered into a Charter Contract. The coming into effect of the Brazilian contract is described above.
The object is the chartering of Petrorig 1 for the drilling of wells in Brazilian waters, to a maximum debt of 10,000 meters in a water debt of 3,050 meters.
The duration of the contract is 1,825 days, less the number of days operating in the GoM. The contract may be extended as described under the GoM drilling operations in the section above. At the discretion of Petrobras, the duration may also be extended by the period for which operations have been suspended due to lack of essential equipment, scheduled maintenance, or other reasons attributable to the Contractor.
The daily operating rate under the Charter equals USD 355,500, while the moving and standby rates are USD 319,950. The force majeure rate for the first 30 days is USD 284,400 per day, thereafter USD 177,750 for the next 30 days. The estimated total maximum value of the Charter is approximately USD 650 million, excluding any bonus.
The penalties during drilling operations are in accordance with those applicable to the contract with Petrobras America (i.e. 20% of the operating rate, not exceeding 10 % of the total value of the contract). The Contractor has 15 days to defend the application of any penalty. The application of penalties is not dependent upon the fault of the Contractor and the Contractor must prove force majeure. A Petrobras representative may perform inspections and can determine whether the Contractor is in compliance with the contract and whether any penalties are applicable.
The contract may be cancelled if there is non-compliance, assignment of sub-contracting of Contractor's obligations without Petrobras' consent and operations are interrupted for 90 days not due to force majeure. If Petrobras rescinds the contract and employs another rig, the Contractor must reimburse
12

Petromena ASA Company Update
Petrobras for amounts incurred in excess of the contractual value, as well as pay for the loss of and damage caused by the event causing the recession.
Each party's liability for losses and damages shall be limited to 10 % of the total contractual value. The Contractor is responsible for up to USD 1 million for each spill of petroleum, oil or other residue. The Contractor is not responsible for loss or damage to reservoirs, pollution derived from a well or the loss of profit of Petrobras due to a blow-out, kick or formation test. The contract is subject to Brazilian law, with Rio de Janeiro as legal venue.
Services Contract Acting on behalf of Petrorig I, LOG UK as Contractor and Petrobras have entered into a Service Contract for the provision of drilling, evaluation, completion and maintenance services on wells to be drilled by Petrorig 1 in Brazilian waters.
Contractor shall keep an operations base in the city of Macae-RJ and the Contractor must form a company in Brazil, in the state of Rio de Janeiro, which will be granted the Service Contract, acting on behalf of Petrorig I, by an assignment.
The Contractor has full responsibility for the execution of the services and full technical responsibility, which includes, inter alia: liability for any damage or loss caused by Petrobras or third parties during the execution of these services. The Contractor must use 66 % domestic labor in the first contract year, increasing to 85 % in the last year.
Remuneration under the Service Contract is payable in R$. The estimated total maximum value of the Services Contract equals approximately 12 % of the total estimated maximum value, excluding bonus, of the Charter described above. The contract is subject to Brazilian law, with Rio de Janeiro as legal venue.
The drilling contract assigned to Petrorig II Acting on behalf of Petrorig II, LOG UK as Contractor entered into a Charter and Services Contract with Petrobras on 3 January 2007. The gross value of the contract is approximately USD 645 million, excluding any bonus and excluding mobilization fee, according to an OTC-announcement on 3 January 2007. The drilling contract assigned to Petrorig 2 is identical to the Brazilian part of the Petrorig I contract described in the section above, except as summarized below.
Charter The object is to charter Petrorig 2 in order to drill, evaluate, complete and maintain wells to a maximum debt of 7,500 meters and 2,400 meters water depth.
The Charter contract commences when Petrorig 2 is accepted by Petrobras after testing, which must occur by 31 December 2009. The tests shall be carried out in a period of 72 hours in the presence of Petrobras' inspection team. If the tests exceed 72 hours due to Petrobras, Contractor shall be paid standby rates. Petrorig 2 is to arrive at the port, or sheltered waters, of Macae for customs inspection and loading of equipment.
Petrobras shall pay a USD 15.5 million mobilization fee and the daily operating rate equals approximately USD 310,500, while the moving and standby rates are USD 279,450. The force majeure rate is approximately USD 248,400 per day for the first 30 days, thereafter USD 155,250 per day for the next 30 days. An incentive bonus may be awarded in accordance with a certain formula.
13

Petromena ASA Company Update
Services Contract The object is the provision of drilling, evaluation, completion, and maintenance services on wells to be drilled by Petrorig II in Brazilian waters to a maximum depth of 7,500 meters and in a water depth of 2,400 meters. The Contractor must form a company in Brazil in the state of Rio de Janeiro, which will be granted the Services Contract by an assignment. The contract term is 1,825 days, commencing upon acceptance of Petrorig 2 by Petrobras. Upon arrival at Macae Petrorig 2 shall undergo customs clearance and acceptance tests and loading of equipment. Contractor is not liable for blow-out, but otherwise liable for up to approximately USD 1 million for each spillage of petroleum, oil or other residue.
Remuneration under the Service Contract is payable in R$. The estimated total value of the Services Contract equals approximately 12 % of the total estimated maximum value, excluding bonus, of the Charter described above. The contract is subject to Brazilian law, with Rio de Janeiro as legal venue.
The drilling contract assigned to Petrorig III Acting on behalf of Petrorig III, LOG UK as supplier has entered into a lease agreement with Pemex regarding Petrorig 3. The gross value of the agreement is USD 942 million. Pemex shall pay a mobilization fee of USD 34.5 million.
Agreed daily rent of Petrorig 3 is subject to quarterly review and adjustment in accordance with specific conditions in the lease agreement.
The object is to charter Petrorig 3 for the purpose of operations in the Mexican waters in the GoM. The initial lease period is from 3 January 2010 to 1 January 2015.
Please note that according to the construction contract with Jurong, the delivery date is set at 31 January 2010 and that Pemex is entitled to start proceedings for the termination of the agreement should the rig be delivered more than 60 days late. Furthermore, Pemex is entitled to apply conventional penalties equal to 10 % of the day rates for the period prior to this.
LOG UK shall provide personnel needed to carry out all maintenance work on the rig, spare parts and all other equipment in order to secure continued operations. The lease agreement is subject to Mexican law with Ciudad de Villahermosa Tabasco as legal venue.
The drilling contract assigned to SS Petrolia LOG UK, as drilling contractor and manager for SS Petrolia, has entered into a 913 days drilling contract with Pemex for the use of SS Petrolia. Estimated gross value of the contract is USD 269,090,000, plus applicable Value Added Tax, corresponding to the following concepts: (i) Mobilization fee: USD 9,500,000, (ii) Daily rent, including complete maintenance: USD 255,640,000 (equal to USD 280.000 per day), (iii) GPS Equipment and Service: USD 15,000,000, (iv) Demobilization fee: USD 1,500,000, (v) Reimbursable expenses: USD 2,000,000. The daily rent is subject to price review in case of fluctuating market rates. The agreement encompasses complex clauses for determining the increase or decrease of the day rates. Briefly, Supplier will be entitled to an increase of day rates equal to 50 % of the increase in market rates, whilst 100 % of the decrease in market rates shall apply for the day rates. ODS Petrodata's statistics "Gulf of Mexico Rig Utilization and Day Rates" shall be used for reference when determining increase or decrease in market rates.
Pemex shall be responsible for the activities carried out on the rig and shall be responsible for any pollution deriving from the operation of the rig, in water, land or to the well.
14

Petromena ASA Company Update
The following provisions will apply in the event of interruption of services: (i) During the first noncontinuous 24 hours of interruption of services accrued in one month, Pemex shall continue to pay the day rate; (ii) From the 25th hour and until the 121st hour, of non-continuous interruption accrued during one month, or from the 5th hour of continuous interruption, Pemex shall not pay any day rate; (iii) From the 121st hour of continuous interruption and up to 45 days, a penalty equal to 10 % of the day rate shall be applied, for each day of delay. After such period, Pemex may terminate the agreement.
7.2. Management agreements
The Petromena Group has no employees, crew or manning. All services relating to business management, commercial management, technical management and yard supervision will be performed by the LOG Companies according to the management agreements entered into, whereby the LOG Companies also shall give access to qualified personnel, including the CEO of Petromena. LOG Singapore has an experienced team of 240 people (excluded crew). 30 out of these LOG Singapore employees are dedicated to supervising the construction of the New Buildings, while the others are also engaged in the Petrojack and Petroprod construction programs at Jurong.
Management Agreement Petromena has entered into a general Management Agreement with LOG UK with regard to Petrorig I and Petrorig II, which covers pre-contract services, project management services and business management services and which applies to Petromena and Petrorig I and II.
Technical and Operational Management Agreement Petromena has entered into a more detailed management agreement with LOG UK with regards to technical and operational management of Petrorig I and Petrorig II. Under this agreement, LOG UK shall market the rigs for potential drilling assignments, engage in contract negotiations, secure rig crew and technical personnel, secure insurance coverage and operate the rigs during drilling assignments.
Project Management and Yard Supervision Agreement Petrorig I and II have entered into Project Management and Yard Supervision Agreements with LOG Singapore, whereby LOG Singapore shall act as representative for Petrorig I and II vis-a-vis Jurong, and supervise the construction of the rigs.
Agreements entered into by Petrorig III Petrorig III has entered into a Yard Supervision Agreement with LOG Singapore and Technical and Operational Management Agreement with LOG UK, both with a scope of work equal to the agreements entered into by its sister companies.
Management fees
During construction period The total annual fee to be paid for each of the New Buildings during the construction period equals USD 3 million.
During periods of rig marketing  Petrorig I shall pay a fee of USD 3,000 per day when the rig is marketed.  Petrorig II shall pay a fee of USD 4,500 per day when the rig is marketed.  Petrorig INI shall pay a fee of USD 4,500 per day when the rig is marketed
15

Petromena ASA Company Update After delivery
 Petrorig I shall pay a fee of USD 6,000 per day when the rig is on contract or under mobilization and USD 3,000 per day when the rig is idle.
 Petrorig II shall pay a fee of USD 9,000 per day when the rig is on contract or under mobilization and USD 4,500 per day when the rig is idle.
 Petrorig llll shall pay a fee of USD 9,000 per day when the rig is on contract or under mobilization and USD 4,500 per day when the rig is idle.
Termination fees The management agreements may be terminated upon 12 months written notice, but may not be terminated during a drilling contract, fulfillment of letter of intent or other obligations to use the rigs. Upon termination without consent from the manager prior to delivery of the rigs, Petromena shall pay USDm 1 per rig for cancellation of the Management Agreements. Further, Petrorig I, II and III shall pay USD 2 million per rig for cancellation of Yard Supervision Agreements. Sales fee Upon sale of Petrorig 1 or 2 or more than 50 % of Petrorig I or II, LOG UK shall receive a commission of 4 % of the sales amount for each rig or entity sold. The same applies for LOG Dubai as regards Petrorig 3 and Petrorig III.
16

Petromena ASA Company Update

Appendix:

A: Cash holdings for each group entity (as of 1st December 2008)

Cash holdings (USDm) Free cash Cash on escrow Total cash

Petromena ASA 3.0 49.5 52.5

Petrorig 1 0.3 0.3

Petrorig II 2.6 2.6

Petrorig III 2.0 36.2 38.2

Petromena Ltd 4.0 4.0

Consolidated 11.9 85.7 97.6

The escrowed cash in Petromena ASA is cash collateral in connection with the two Pemex contracts. The Company expects that some of this will be released going forward. The escrowed cash in Petrorig III is proceeds from the NOK 1,600 million bond loan, and such proceeds may be used on Petrorig 3 only.

17

