Bond Agreement

Nordic T rustee ASA

Entered into: between the Issuer: Company No. and the Bond Trustee: Company No. on behalf o f the Bondholders in: with ISIN:

31 March 2017 Protector Forsikring ASA 985 279 721 Nordic Trustee ASA 963 342 624 FRN Protector Forsikring ASA Callable Subordinated Bond Issue 2017/2047 NO 001 0790074

The Issuer undertakes to issue the Bonds in accordance with the terms set forth in this Bond Agreement.

1. Terms of the Issue
The terms of the Issue are as follows, supplemented by the definitions and clarifications set forth in Section 2:

Maximum Amount: Initial Amount: Face Value: Currency: Issue Price Issue Date: Maturity Date: Call:

NA

400,000,000

1,000,000

NOK (Norwegian Krone)

100% of Face Value

31 March 2017

31 March 2047

Ordinary call: 31 March 2022, (the "First Call Date"), and on any Coupon Date thereafter.

Call price = Redemption Price

Put: Coupon Accrual Date: Coupon: Reference Rate:
Margin: Coupon Dates:
Day Count Fraction:

Conditional call: See Clause 3.8.4

NA

NA

Issue Date

Reference Rate + Margin

3 months (NIBOR), however so that if NIBOR becomes negative, NIBOR shall be deemed to be zero.

2,90 percentage points p.a.

31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December, each year (each date a "Coupon Date").

Actual/360

1

Additional Return: Business Day Convention: Listing: Exchange:

NA Modified Following Business Day YES Oslo Bors

Nordic Trustee ASA

2

Nordic Trustee ASA

2. Clarifications and definitions

When used in this Bond Agreement, the following words and terms shall have the following meaning and definition:

Applicable Regulations:
Arrears of Interest: Attachment: Bankruptcy Event: Bond Agreement: Bond Trustee: Bondholder: Bondholders' Meeting: Bonds: Business Day:

Any legislation, rules or regulations (whether having the force of law, regulations or otherwise) applying to the Issuer from time to time implementing the Directive 2009/138/EC of 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of business of Insurance and Re-insurance as amended from time to time (the "Solvency II directive") into Norwegian law, including, without limitation, any implementing measures adopted pursuant to the Solvency II directive (as amended from time to time) including, without limitation, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 of 10 October 2014, the Norwegian Financial Undertakings Act of 10 April 2015 no. 17 (the "Financial Undertakings Act", No: Finansforetaksloven), the Norwegian Solvency II regulation of 25 August 2015 no. 999 (the "Norwegian Solvency II regulation", No: Solvens II-forskriften), the Norwegian Solvency II supplementary regulation of 21 December 2015 no. 1807 and the other applicable implementing measures adopted pursuant to the Solvency II directive (as amended from time to time) which are in force in Norway from time to time. Any interest not paid on an Optional Coupon Deferral Date or a Mandatory Coupon Deferral Date as set forth in Clause 3.6.3. Any attachment to this Bond Agreement. A decision by the Ministry o f Finance that the Issuer shall become subject to public administration (No: offentlig administrasjon) according to the Financial Undertakings Act chapter 21, as amended from time to time. This agreement including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the parties hereto. Nordic Trustee ASA or its successor(s). Holder of Bond(s) as registered in the Securities Depository. Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in Section 5 o f this Bond Agreement. Securities issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement and which is registered in the Securities Depository, each a "Bond". Any day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Business Day Convention:

Convention for adjusting any relevant payment date ("Payment Date") if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day: (i) If Modified Following Business Day is specified, the
applicable Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date shall be the first preceding

3

Nordic Trustee ASA

Call: Capital Disqualification Event:
Compulsory Coupon Date:
Coupon:
Coupon Accrual Date: Coupon Date: Currency: Day Count Fraction:

Business Day. (ii) If No Adjustment is specified, the applicable Payment
Date shall not be adjusted even if that day is not a Business Day (payments shall be made on the first following Business Day). Issuer's early redemption as set forth in Clause 3.8 (Optional Redemption). An event which occurs if, as a result of any replacement of or change to (or change to the interpretation by any court or authority entitled to do so of) the Applicable Regulations which becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, the Bonds or part of the Bonds are no longer, or the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Issuer Supervisory that there is a substantial risk that they will no longer be, eligible in accordance with the Applicable Regulations to count as cover for the capital or solvency requirements (however such terms are described from time to time in the Applicable Regulations) for the Issuer whether on a single or consolidated basis (and including, for the avoidance of doubt, any regulatory change to any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital). Any Coupon Date, other than a Mandatory Coupon Deferral Date, where a decision of payment of any distribution or dividend or other payment (including payment in relation to redemption or repurchase) on or in respect of any Junior Obligations has been made by the Issuer during the six months immediately preceding such Coupon Date. Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; (i) If the Coupon is stated in percentage points, the Bonds shall bear interest at this rate per annum (based on the Day Count Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including the Coupon Accrual Date to the Maturity Date. (ii) If the Coupon is stated as Reference Rate + Margin the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin (based on the Day Count Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including the Coupon Accrual Date to the first Coupon Date, and thereafter from and including each Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date until Maturity Date. If the Coupon becomes negative, the Coupon shall be deemed to be zero. The date on which interest on the Bond starts to accrue. If NA is specified, Coupon Accrual Date does not apply. Date(s) on which the payment of Coupon falls due. The Coupon Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. The currency in which the Bonds are denominated. The convention for calculation of payment of Coupon. (i) If 30/360 is specified, the number of days in the relevant coupon period shall be calculated from and including the Coupon Accrual Date/Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 months of 30 days divided by 360, unless (a) the last day in the relevant coupon period is the 31 st calendar day but the first day of the relevant coupon period is a day other than the

4

Decisive Influence:
Event of Default: Exchange:
Face Value: Financial Undertaking: Initial Amount: ISIN: Issue: Issue Date: Issuer: Issuer Group:
Issuer's Bonds:
Issuer Supervisor:
Junior Obligations: Listing:
Mandatory Deferral: Mandatory Coupon Deferral Date:

Nordic Trustee ASA
30th or the 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30 day month, or (b) the last day of the relevant coupon period is the last calendar day in February, in which case February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30day month. (ii) If Actual/360 is specified, the actual number of days in the relevant coupon period shall be from and including the Coupon Accrual Date/Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date. The number of days shall be divided by 360. Means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person (directly or indirectly): (a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or (b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members o f the board of directors of that other person. No events of default, cf. Clause 3.10 (Events o fDefault). Exchange or other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the Issuer has, or has applied for, listing o f the Bonds. If NA is specified, the terms o f this Bond Agreement covering Exchange do not apply. The face (nominal) value of each Bond. Entity with authorization according to the Financial Undertakings Act. The amount equal to the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds (minimum) issued on the Issue Date. The identification number of the Bonds (International Securities Identification Number). Any issue of Bonds pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The date of the first Issue. If Maximum Amount is NA the first Issue is the only Issue of Bonds. The person or entity that has issued the Bonds and is the borrower (debtor). The Issuer and other companies (if any) being part o f the Issuer's insurance group (No: forsikringsgruppe) as defined in Section 38 of the Norwegian Solvency II regulation and any other Applicable Regulations. Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence. The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (No.: Finanstilsynet) and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer or the Issuer Group. (i) The Issuer's share capital, or (ii) any other obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Bonds. Indicates listing of the Bonds. If YES is specified, the Issuer shall submit an application in order to have the Bonds listed on the Exchange(s). If NO is specified, no obligation for listing applies, but the Issuer may, at its own discretion, apply for listing. Shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 3.7.1. Each Coupon Date immediately following (i) the date as of which the Issuer's most recent quarterly report to the Issuer Supervisor
5

Nordic Trustee ASA

Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date: Margin: Maturity Date: Maximum Amount:
Minimum Capital Requirement: NA: NIBOR:
Optional Coupon Deferral Date: Optional Redemption:
Outstanding Bonds: Parity Obligations:

disclosed that a breach of the Solvency Capital Requirement has occurred, or there is a risk that a breach of the Solvency Capital Requirement or a Bankruptcy Event would occur as a result of the payment of Coupon, provided that such Coupon Date shall not be a Mandatory Coupon Deferral Date if, since the date of publication of such report, the Issuer has remedied the breach of the Solvency Capital Requirement and that no such event will occur as a result of the interest payment, and/or (ii) the occurrence of any event which under the Applicable Regulations would require the Issuer to defer or suspend payment of interest in respect of the Bonds (unless Issuer Supervisor has waived such requirement). Notwithstanding that a Coupon Date may be a Mandatory Coupon Deferral Date, interest may still be paid on that relevant Coupon Date to the extent permitted under, and in accordance with, the Applicable Regulations. Any date in respect of which a breach o f the Solvency Capital Requirement has occurred and is continuing or would occur if the payment of the relevant redemption amount otherwise due was made on such date. Margin expressed in percentage points to be added to the Reference Rate (if the Margin is negative, it shall be deducted from the Reference Rate). If NA is specified, no Margin applies. The date on which the Bonds fall due. The Maturity Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. Amount stating the maximum aggregate Face Value of Bonds which may be issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement. If NA is specified, the aggregate Face Value o f the Bonds issued may not exceed the amount specified as the Initial Amount. The minimum capital requirement for the Issuer and the Issuer Group as defined in Section 14-11 of the Financial Undertakings Act as further detailed in the Applicable Regulations. Not applicable. (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) Interest rate fixed for a defined period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 Oslo time. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the Reference Rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate as the initial Reference Rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the Reference Rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. Any Coupon Date which is not a Compulsory Coupon Date or a Mandatory Coupon Deferral Date. Issuer's Call pursuant to Clause 3.8 (Optional Redemption) and the dates stated therein at the Redemption Price. The relevant redemption dates shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. The aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged in the Securities Depository. Any obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank pari

6

Paying Agent: Put: Rating Agency: Rating Agency Event:
Redemption Notice: Redemption Price: Reference Rate: Relevant Record Date:

Nordic Trustee ASA
passu with the Bonds. The entity acting as registrar for the Bonds in the Securities Depository and paying agent on behalf of the Issuer in the Securities Depository. Bondholders' right to demand early redemption of Bonds during the period stated (the "Put Period") and corresponding price(s) (the "Put Price"). If NA is specified, the provisions regarding Put do not apply. Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division of the McGraw Hill Companies, Inc., Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC, Fitch Ratings Inc., or any other regulated credit rating agency as defined in Regulation 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended from time to time). If and when the Bonds are rated by a Rating Service, a change in the rating methodology, or in the interpretation of such methodology, as the case may be, becoming effective after the Issue Date, as a result of which the capital treatment assigned by a Rating Agency to the Bonds or part thereof, as notified by such Rating Agency to the Issuer or as published by such Rating Agency, becomes, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, materially unfavourable for the Issuer, when compared to the capital treatment assigned by such Rating Agency to the Bonds, as notified by such Rating Agency to the Issuer or as published by such Rating Agency, on or around the Issue Date The written notification of exercise of an Optional Redemption as set forth in Clause 3.8.2. The Face Value of the Bonds, subject to any adjustment following a reduction of amounts of principal, plus accrued and unpaid interest, including Arrears of Interest (if any).
3 months NIBOR rounded to the nearest hundredth of a percentage point on each Reset Date, for the period stated. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does not apply. Means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the Securities Depository as follows: (a) in relation to payments pursuant to the Bond Agreement, the
date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the Securities Depository from time to time; (b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and (c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution: (i) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the
summons have been published; or, (ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion o f the Bond
Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
7

Reset Date: Securities Depository: Solvency Capital Requirement: Solvency II: Taxation Event:
Voting Bonds:

Nordic Trustee ASA
Dates on which the Coupon is fixed for the subsequent coupon period for Bonds where Reference Rate applies. The first Reset Date is two Business Days before the Coupon Accrual Date. Thereafter the Reset Date is two Business Days prior to each Coupon Date. The securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway. The solvency capital requirement for the Issuer and the Issuer Group as defined under Section 14-10 of the Financial Undertakings Act as further detailed in Applicable Regulations. Solvency II directive and any implementing measures adopted pursuant to the Solvency II directive (as amended from time to time), including, without limitation, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 of 10 October 2014. An event which occurs as a result of any amendment to, clarification of or change (including any announced prospective change) in the laws or treaties (or regulations thereunder) of Norway affecting taxation (including any change in the interpretation by any court or authority entitled to do so) or any governmental action, on or after the Issue Date, and there is a substantial risk that: (i) the Issuer is, or will be, subject to a significant amount of
other taxes, duties or other governmental charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Bonds; (ii) the treatment of any of the Issuer's items of income or expense with respect to the Bonds as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Issuer to more than a significant amount of additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges; or (iii) the Issuer would be required to gross up interest payments. Outstanding Bonds less Issuer's Bonds.

8

3. Other terms of the Issue

Nordic Trustee ASA

3.1. The purpose of the Issue

3.1.1. The purpose of the Bond Issue is that the Bonds shall qualify as Tier 2 Capital (basic own funds) of the Issuer and/or the Group for the purpose of the Applicable Regulations and as determined by the Issuer Supervisor.

3.2. Listing and prospectus

3.2.1. In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, matters concerning the Listing requiring the approval of the Bondholders shall be resolved pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement.

3.2.2. In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, the Issuer shall submit the documents and the information necessary to maintain the listing.

3.2.3. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement shall be incorporated in any prospectus and other subscription or information materials related to the Bonds.

3.3. Status

3.3.1.

The Bonds will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations, and will in connection with a Bankruptcy Event of the Issuer rank:
(a) pari passu without any preference among the Bonds; (b) pari passu with all outstanding Parity Obligations; (c) in priority to payments to (i.e. subordinated to) creditors in respect of Junior
Obligations; and (d) junior in right of payment to any present or future claims o f (i) policyholders of
the Issuer, and (ii) any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer.

3.4. Security

3.4.1. The Bonds are unsecured.

3.5. Payments

3.5.1. On each Coupon Date the Issuer shall, subject to the provisions of Clause 3.6 {Deferral o f Interest), pay in arrear the accrued Coupon amount to the Bondholders.

3.5.2.

Subject to the provisions on Issuer deferral of redemption date, satisfaction of the preconditions to redemption, purchases, variation and substitution and to receiving the prior approval of the Issuer Supervisor (if required), unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer will redeem the Bonds at their principal amount on the Maturity Date together with any Arrears of Interest (if payable) and any other accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the Maturity Date.

3.5.3. Amounts payable to the Bondholders by the Issuer shall be made available to the Bondholders registered as such in the Securities Depository at the Relevant Record Date on the date the amount is due pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

3.5.4. The Issuer may not apply any counterclaims in set-off against its payment obligations pursuant to the Bonds.

9

3.6. Deferral of Interest

Nordic Trustee ASA

3.6.1. Optional Deferral of Interest
The Issuer may on any Optional Coupon Deferral Date by notice to the Bond Trustee defer payment of all (but not only some) of the Coupon accrued but unpaid to that date.

3.6.2. Mandatory Deferral of Interest
The Issuer will on any Mandatory Coupon Deferral Date by notice to the Bond Trustee (together with a certificate signed by authorised signatories o f the Issuer confirming the relevant Coupon Date is a Mandatory Coupon Deferral Date) defer payment of all (but not only some) of the Coupon accrued but unpaid to that date.

3.6.3. Payment of Deferred Coupon
(a) Arrears of Interest may, at the option of the Issuer, be paid in whole or in part at the next Coupon Date which is not a Mandatory Coupon Deferral Date.
(b) Arrears of Interest shall, subject to prior approval from the Issuer Supervisor (to the extent required under fne Applicable Regulations), be paid in whole on a date which is not a Mandatory Coupon Deferral Date at the earliest of:
(i) the next Coupon Date which is a Compulsory Coupon Date or seven (7) days after the date when the requirements for a Compulsory Coupon Date would be deemed to be satisfied, if such date falls earlier than the next Coupon Date;
(ii) the date of any redemption of the Bonds in accordance with the terms and conditions for the Bonds;
(iii) the date of a Bankruptcy Event; or (iv) the date on which the Issuer pays, or any other person declares or pays, any
distribution or dividend or makes any payment (including payment in relation to redemption or repurchase) on or in respect of any Junior Obligations or Parity Obligations, or the date on which any dividend or other distribution on or payment (including payment in relation to redemption or repurchase) on or in respect of the Issuer's share capital is paid.
3.6.4. Interest will not accrue on Arrears of Interest.

3.6.5.

A Coupon Date shall not be a Mandatory Coupon Deferral Date if:
(a) the Issuer has remedied the breach of the Solvency Capital Requirement prior to such Coupon Date and no such breach of the Solvency Capital Requirement will occur as a result of the interest payment; or
(b) (i) the Issuer Supervisor has exceptionally waived the deferral of interest payments, (ii) such interest payment does not further weaken the solvency position of the Issuer, and (iii) the Minimum Capital Requirement is complied with after the interest payment is made.

3.6.6. The term "deferral of interest" shall be understood in accordance with the Applicable Regulations.

3.7. Mandatory Deferral

3.7.1.

No Bonds shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date, or prior to the Maturity Date pursuant to the relevant provisions on Optional Redemption, if the date set for redemption is a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date and redemption shall be deferred ("Mandatory Deferral"). Any failure to pay principal due to a Mandatory Deferral shall not constitute a default by the Issuer for any purpose, provided that nothing shall be construed to permit

10

Nordic T rustee ASA
the Issuer to defer any principal otherwise due and payable except under the circumstances specified in the definition of Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date.

3.7.2. Notwithstanding that the date set for redemption may be a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date, the Bonds may be redeemed and the relevant redemption amount may still be paid to the extent permitted under, and in accordance with, the Applicable Regulations.

3.7.3.

The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) and the Paying Agent no later than five (5) Business Days prior to any date set for redemption of the Bonds if such redemption is to be deferred, provided that if the conditions to the date set for redemption being a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date are satisfied less than five (5) Business Days prior to the date set for redemption, the Issuer shall give notice of such deferral as soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence of such event.

3.7.4.

If redemption o f the Bonds does not occur on the Maturity Date or, as appropriate, the date specified in the relevant Redemption Notice by the Issuer, as a result of a Mandatory Deferral the Issuer shall (subject, in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii) below only, to the provisions of subordination and to receiving the prior approval o f the Issuer Supervisor (if required)), redeem such Bonds at their principal amount together with any Arrears of Interest and any other accrued and unpaid interest, upon the earliest of:
(a) the date falling ten (10) Business Days after the first date which immediately follows the date set for redemption and which is not a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date (unless such 10th Business Day is itself a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date, in which case this paragraph will apply mutatis mutandis to determine the due date for redemption o f the Bonds); or
(e) the date falling ten (10) Business Days after the Issuer Supervisor has agreed to the repayment or redemption of the Bonds; or
(I) the date on which order for the liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up o f the Issuer by way o f public administration is made,

and the Issuer shall give the Redemption Notice to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) and the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence of the relevant event triggering such redemption.

3.7.5.

If the Mandatory Deferral provisions do not apply, but redemption of the Bonds does not occur on the Maturity Date or, as appropriate, the date specified in the relevant Redemption Notice by the Issuer because the Issuer was not or would not be solvent, subject to receiving the prior approval of the Issuer Supervisor (if required), such Bonds shall be redeemed at their principal amount together with any Arrears of Interest and any other accrued and unpaid interest on the 10th Business Day immediately following the day that (i) the Issuer is solvent and (ii) the redemption of the Bonds would not result in the Issuer ceasing to be solvent, provided that if such Business Day specified for redemption is a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date, then the Bonds shall not be redeemed on such date and the provisions above shall apply mutatis mutandis to determine the due date for redemption of the Bonds.

3.7.6.

At the same time as delivering any notice of deferral of redemption to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders), the Issuer shall send to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer confirming that the relevant date set for redemption is or is not (as applicable) a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date. Any such certificate shall, in the absence of manifest error, be treated and accepted by the Issuer, the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) and all other interested parties as correct and

11

Nordic Trustee ASA
sufficient evidence thereof, shall be binding on all such persons and the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate without liability to any person.

3.8. Optional Redemption

3.8.1.

The Issuer may on the First Call Date or any Coupon Date thereafter, if the Issuer provides satisfactory evidence to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), that (i) in the opinion of the Issuer Supervisor no breach of the Solvency Capital Requirement has occurred or is likely to occur as a result of a redemption, and (ii) the Issuer has received prior consent of the Issuer Supervisor, redeem in a manner permitted by any Applicable Regulations and other applicable law all (but not only some) of the outstanding Bonds at the Redemption Price, without any premium or penalty.

3.8.2.

If the Issuer and/or the Issuer Group is in non-compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement or repayment or redemption would lead to such non-compliance, redemption may be made notwithstanding (i) and/or (ii) above if:
(a) the Issuer Supervisor has exceptionally waived the suspension of repayment or redemption of that item;
(b) the item is exchanged for or converted into another Tier 1, Tier 2 or basic own-fund item of at least the same quality; and
(c) the Minimum Capital Requirement is complied with after the repayment or redemption.

3.8.3. Exercise of an Optional Redemption shall be notified in writing to the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 4.7.2 at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the relevant redemption date (the "Redemption Notice").

3.8.4.

If the Issuer provides satisfactory evidence to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), that a;
(a) Capital Disqualification Event; (b) Rating Agency Event; or (c) Taxation Event;

has occurred when the Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer may subject to (i) no breach of the Solvency Capital Requirement having occurred or would occur as a result of a redemption, (ii) prior consent of the Issuer Supervisor, and (iii) the provisions of Clause 3.9.3 below (as applicable), redeem all (but not only some only) of the outstanding Bonds at the Redemption Price, without any premium or penalty.

3.8.5. Exercise of the Optional Redemption shall be notified by a Redemption Notice.

3.9. Preconditions to redemption, purchase, variation or substitution

3.9.1.

Prior to the publication of any Redemption Notice before the Maturity Date or any purchase, variation or substitution of the Bonds, and provided that no breach of the Solvency Capital Requirement has occurred or is continuing, the Issuer will be required to be in continued compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement, Minimum Capital Requirement or any other applicable capital adequacy requirements set out in the Applicable Regulations and on the same date as publishing any Redemption Notice before the Maturity Date or making any purchase, variation or substitution o f the Bonds, the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by any two Directors of the Issuer confirming such compliance. Any such certificate shall be conclusive evidence of

12

Nordic Trustee ASA
such compliance (it being declared that the Bond Trustee may rely absolutely on such certification without liability to any person).

3.9.2.

Prior to the publication of any Redemption Notice or notice of variation or substitution pursuant to any Optional Redemption by the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, Rating Agency Event or Taxation Event, the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond Trustee (a) in the case of a redemption, variation or substitution in a Taxation Event a certificate signed by two Directors stating that any or all of the requirements referred to in paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) in the definition of Taxation Event will apply on the next Coupon Date and cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, together with an opinion of independent tax counsel of recognised standing to such effect and the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction o f the conditions precedent set out above; and (b) in the case of a redemption, variation or substitution in a Capital Disqualification Event or Rating Agency Event, a certificate signed by any two Directors stating that a Capital Disqualification Event or Rating Agency Event (as applicable) has occurred and is continuing. Amy such certificate shall be conclusive and binding on the Bondholders.

3.9.3.

In the case of a redemption or purchase within the period of five (5) years from the Issue Date, (i) the Issuer shall deliver a statement determining that the circumstance entitling it to exercise the right of redemption or purchase was concluded or judged to have been unlikely to occur at the Issue Date; and (ii) such redemption or purchase shall be funded out of the proceeds of a new issuance of capital of at least the same quality as the Bonds (unless such requirement no longer exists under the Applicable Regulations).

3.10. Events of default

3.10.1. This Bond Agreement does not contain any event of default provision and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) may not declare any event o f default by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Bond Agreement neither on the basis of the Bond Agreement nor on the basis of general principles of Norwegian law.

3.10.2. Bondholders may only demand prepayment in the event of a Bankruptcy Event.

4. Other terms and conditions
4.1. Conditions precedent
4.1.1. The Bond Trustee shall have received the following documentation, no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly signed, (b) the Issuer's corporate resolution to make the Issue, (c) confirmation that the relevant individuals are authorised to sign on behalf of the
Issuer this Bond Agreement and other relevant documents in relation hereto, (Company Certificate, Power of Authority etc.), (d) the Issuer's Articles of Association, (e) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (prospectus requirements) are fulfilled, (I) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Issue, (g) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository,

13

Nordic Trustee ASA
(h) any agreement regarding the Bond Trustee's fees and expenses as set forth in Clause 4.8.2 duly signed,
(i) confirmation according to Clause 4.2.2 if applicable, (j) approval from the Issuer Supervisor regarding issuance of Bonds in accordance with
Clause 3.1 (The purpose o f the Issue), (k) any other relevant documentation presented in relation to the Issue, and (l) any statements (including legal opinions) required by the Bond Trustee regarding
documentation in this Clause 4.1.1.
4.1.2. The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for the documentation as set forth in Clause 4.1.1.

4.1.3. The issuance of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the manager of the Issue and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

4.2. Representations and warranties

4.2.1.

At any Issue, the Issuer represents and warrants that:
(a) all information which has been presented in relation to such Issue is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, in accordance with the facts and does not omit to state a material fact likely to affect the import o f the information as regards the evaluation of the Bonds, and that the Issuer has taken all reasonable measures to ensure this,
(b) the Issuer has made a valid resolution to make such Issue, and such Issue does not contravene any of the Issuer's other liabilities, and
(c) public requirements have been fulfilled (including the Norwegian Securities Trading Act Chapter 7), and that any required public authorisations have been obtained.

4.2.2. The Bond Trustee may prior to any Issue require a statement from the Issuer confirming the Issuer's compliance with Clause 4.2.1.

4.3. Registration of Bonds

4.3.1. The Issuer shall continuously ensure the correct registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository.

4.4. Interest Rate Fixing

4.4.1.

If, pursuant to this Bond Agreement, the Coupon shall be adjusted during the term of the Bonds, any adjustments shall be carried out by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Exchange shall be notified of the new Coupon applicable until the next Coupon Date.

4.5. The Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

4.5.1.

The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Bonds in any manner at any price, subject to (i) prior consent of the Issuer Supervisor, and in the case o f purchase within the period of five (5) years from the Issue Date, (ii) such purchase shall be funded out of the proceeds from new issuance of capital of at least the same quality as the Bonds (unless such requirement no longer is required under the Applicable Regulations).

14

Nordic Trustee ASA
4.5.2. Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer or its subsidiaries may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by causing such Bonds to be deleted o f the records of the Securities Depository.
4.6. Information covenants
4.6.1. The Issuer undertakes to: (a) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any event which may have a material effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement, (b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or change the nature of its business, (c) upon request, provide the Bond Trustee with its annual and interim reports and any other information reasonably required by the Bond Trustee, (d) upon request report to the Bond Trustee the balance of Issuer's Bonds, (e) without being requested to do so, provide a copy to the Bond Trustee of any notice to its creditors to be made according to applicable laws and regulations, (f) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of notices to the Exchange which have relevance to the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement, (g) without being requested to do so and without any delay, inform the Bond Trustee of any events described in Clause 3.6 (Deferral o f Interest), 3.7 (Mandatory Deferral), 3.8 (Optional Redemption) and 3.9 (Preconditions to redemption, purchase, variation or substitution), and (h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository.
4.6.2. A failure to comply with any covenant shall not constitute an event of default.
4.7. Notices 4.7.1. Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee
shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.com.
4.7.2. The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.
15

4.8. Expenses

Nordic T rustee ASA

4.8.1.

The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations hereunder, including the 'preparation of this Bond Agreement, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange, and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository.

4.8.2.

The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer. For Financial Undertakings, and Norwegian governmental issuers, the annual fee will be determined according to applicable fee structure and terms and conditions presented at the Bond Trustee's web site (www.nordictrustee.com) at the Issue Date, unless otherwise is agreed with the Bond Trustee. For other issuers a separate fee agreement will be entered into. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to insolvency or similar by the Issuer, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

4.8.3. Any public fees payable in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilling o f the obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any public fees levied on the trading of Bonds.

4.8.4. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.

5. Bondholders' Meeting

5.1. Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

5.1.1.

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders' community in all matters regarding the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all Bonds.

5.2. Procedural rules for the Bondholders' Meeting

5.2.1. A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least one tenth (1/10) of the Voting Bonds, (c) the Bond Trustee, or (d) the Exchange.
5.2.2. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

5.2.3. If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summon the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

5.2.4. Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the

16

Nordic T rustee ASA
Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

5.2.5.

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

5.2.6. The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.7. Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

5.2.8.

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.9.

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result o f the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

5.2.10. The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and representatives of the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

5.2.11. Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

5.3. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

5.3.1.

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at the Relevant Record Date. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuer's Bonds. Issuer's Bonds have no voting rights.

5.3.2.

In all matters to be dealt with at the Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case o f parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

5.3.3. In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 5.4 {Repeated Bondholders' Meeting). Even if less than

17

Nordic T rustee ASA
half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

5.3.4. Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 5.3.5.

5.3.5. In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the votes is required:
(a) any amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the Coupon, the tenor, Redemption Price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds,
(b) the transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (borrower), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.
5.3.6. The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

5.3.7. The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

5.3.8. The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.4. Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

5.4.1.

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 5.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

5.4.2. When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

5.5. Written Resolutions

5.5.1.

Anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 5 {Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.

5.5.2. The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.

5.5.3.

The summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time the summons is sent from the Securities Depository and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.

5.5.4. The provisions set out in Clauses 5.1 {Authority o f the Bondholder' Meeting), 5.2 {Procedural rulesfo r the Bondholders' Meeting), 5.3 {Resolutions passed at Bondholders'

18

Nordic Trustee ASA
Meetings) and 5.4 {Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution to the extent relevant.

5.5.5. The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(a) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(b) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date of the summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 5.4 {Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date of the summons.

5.5.6.

Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the Securities Depository on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 5.3 {Resolutionspassed at Bondholders' Meetings), will be counted in the Written Resolution.

5.5.7.

A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in Clause 5.1 {Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.

5.5.8. The effective date o f a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.

5.5.9.

If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day o f the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in Clause 5.1 {Bondholders' Meeting).

6. The Bond Trustee

6.1. The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

6.1.1.

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, informing the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

6.1.2. The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may

19

Nordic Trustee ASA
postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.1.3.

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement, which, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement, see however Clause 6.1.5.

6.1.4.

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 6.1.3 provided prior notification to the Bondholders is given, see however Clause 6.1.5. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date of such notification.

6.1.5. The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 6.1.3 or 6.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 5.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

6.1.6. The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

6.1.7. The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to this Clause 6.1 (The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee) unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

6.1.8. The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 5.3.5.

6.2. Termination and recovery

6.2.1. The Bond Trustee may take any action it deems necessary in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders.

6.2.2.

Should the Bond Trustee receive a written demand to take action as set forth in Clause 6.2.1 from Bondholders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of Voting Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall take such actions unless the Bondholders' Meeting has passed a resolution for alternative solutions,

6.2.3.

The Bond Trustee shall be indemnified by the Bondholders for any results (including any expenses, costs and liabilities) of taking action pursuant to Clause 6.2.2. The Bond Trustee may claim indemnity and security from the Bondholders who put forward the demand in accordance with Clause 6.2.2 or voted for the adopted resolution at the Bondholders' Meeting.

20

6.3. Liability and indemnity

Nordic Trustee ASA

6.3.1.

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

6.3.2.

The Issuer is liable for and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of all direct losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer to fulfill its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement.

6.4. Change of Bond Trustee

6.4.1. Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 5. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

6.4.2.

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 4.8 {Expenses), but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee's duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

6.4.3. The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

7. General provisions

7.1. The Bondholders' community

7.1.1. 7.1.2.

Through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, the Bondholders will be deemed to have acceded to this Bond Agreement and hereby accept that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement,
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders,
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository,
(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards
the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
This Bond Agreement shall be publicly available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer.

21

7.2. Dispute resolution and legal venue

Nordic Trustee ASA

7.2.1. Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Bond Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo District Court.

7.3. Amendments

7.3.1.

The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall be entitled to make amendments o f the terms of the Bonds which are o f a formal, minor or technical nature or are made to correct a manifest error. As the Bonds are issued for solvency capital adequacy purposes as set out herein, the Bond Trustee shall furthermore be entitled (but not obliged), upon request from the Issuer and subject to approval from the Issuer Supervisor to make amendments to the terms of Bonds to ensure that the Bonds continue to quality as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer for the purpose of the Applicable Regulations as set out under Purpose above, where such change is required as a result of any change in the Applicable Regulations, or in any official interpretation thereof. Other amendments to the terms of the Bonds shall be subject to approval by the Bondholders' meeting (with simple or qualified majority, as the case may be) and, if and where relevant, the Issuer Supervisor's consent.

7.3.2. Amendments of this Bond Agreement may only be made with the approval of the parties to this Agreement, with the exception of amendments as set forth under Clause 6.1.8.

7.4. Contact information

7.4.1. The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of any changes in its postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

22

23

