ISIN 001 063322.5
AMENDMENT AGREEMENT to
the Bond Agreement between
Deep Drilling 1 Pte. Ltd. ("Issuer") and
Nordic Trustee ASA ("Bond Trustee") on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders") in the bond issue
12 per cent Deep Drilling 1 Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2015

ISIN 001 063322.5

This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated on 19 December 2016 between Deep Drilling 1 Pte. Ltd. (the "Issuer") and Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

THE SCOPE OF THE AMENDMENT AGREEMENT

The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments to the agreement relating to "12 per cent Deep Drilling 1 Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2015" - ISIN 001 063322.5 (originally dated 20 December 2011 and amended by an amendment agreement dated 17 December 2015, the "Bond Agreem ent"), based on resolution adopted at the Bondholders' Meeting held 16 December 2016.

2.

AMENDMENT TO THE BOND AGREEMENT

The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(a)

The definition of Book Equity, Cash and Cash Equivalents, Equity Ratio, Minimum Cash

Requirement, Retention Account and Total Assets, and all references thereto elsewhere in

the Bond Agreement, shall be deleted.

(b)

The definition of Earnings Account shall be amended as follows:

""Earnings Account" means an account established in the name of the Issuer with a reputable international bank selected by the Issuer, into which (i) all earnings of the Issuer, including payments from the Bareboat Charterer in accordance with Clause 13.10 (c), shall be paid into, and (ii) all other net earnings related to the Rig and the Drilling Contract shall be paid into. The Earnings Account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), provided that the Issuer shall be entitled to (i) repay any indebtedness incurred by the Issuer and permitted pursuant to Clause 13.4.1(f); and (ii) deduct actual operating expenditure incurred for the daily operation of the Issuer, however limited to USD 38,000 per day, normal capital expenditure incurred by the Issuer on the Rig and any withholding tax or local service tax, out of the earnings of the Issuer and/or net earnings related to the Rig and the Drilling Contract, before the same is paid into the Earnings Account. "

(c)

The definition of Final Maturity Date shall read as follows:

""Final Maturity Date" means 21 December 2020."

(d)

The definition of Interest Payment Date shall read as follows:

""Interest Payment Date" means 21 June and 21 December each year, and the Final Maturity Date. "

(e)

paragraph (b) of Clause 7.2 shall read as follows:

"(b) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions; or"

(f)

paragraphs (viii) and (ix) of Clause 8.2 shall be deleted.

(g)

Clause 9.2 shall read as follows:

ISIN 001 063322.5

"Interest payments shall be made semi-annually In arrears on the Interest Payment Dates. "

(h)

Clause 10.1 (Maturity) shall read as follows:

"The remaining Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date.

Payment shall be made on the subsequent Business Day if the relevant Interest Payment date is not a Business Day.

All repayments shall be made at 100% of par value plus accrued interest on redeemed amount. Instalments must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository). "

(i)

Clause 10.2.1 shall read as follows:

"The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or any part thereof) at any time from, and including:

(i) The Interest Payment Date in December 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2017 at a price equal to the sum of:

(1) the present value on the relevant record date of 101% of par value as if such payment originally should have been taken place on the Interest Payment Date in December 2017; and

(2) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining interest payment (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2017,

both calculated by using a discount rate of 100 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned Interest Payment Date in December 2017) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with the such repayment;

(ii) the Interest Payment Date in December 2017 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2018 at a price equal to 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount); and

(Hi) the Interest Payment Date in December 2018 to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

In case of part redemption, instalments must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Securities Register). "

(j)

with effect from the Interest Payment Date in December 2016, paragraph (i) - (vi) of Clause

10.4.1 shall be deleted and replaced with the following paragraphs (i)-(iii) which shall read

as follows:

2 (5)

ISIN 001 063322.5

"(i) if occurring anytime from the Interest Payment Date in December 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2017, at a price equivalent to the sum of:

(1) the present value on the relevant record date of 101% of the par value discounted from the Interest Payment Date in December 2017; and

(2) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest, as such interest shall be paid in full) through and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2017,

both calculated by using a discount rate of 100 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned Interest Payment Date in December 2017) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with the such repayment;

(ii) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2017 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2018, at a price equal to 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and

(Hi) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2018 to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date, at a price equal to 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount)."

(k)

Clause 10.5 (Cash Sweep) shall read as follows:

"Any cash in the Earnings Account on the first Business Day in January 2017 and on the first Business Day of every subsequent month thereafter in excess of the interest due on the next Interest Payment Date, shall on the 10th calendar day of the relevant month be applied towards redemption in part of the Outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (including interest on the redeemed amount). Instalments must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Securities Register)."

(l)

paragraph (d) of Clause 13.3.1 shall read as follows:

"(d) procure that no Drilling Contract is entered into with North Korean or Venezuelan person(s) or entities ultimately controlled by North Korean or Venezuelan person(s), and that the Rig does not enter the territorial waters of North Korea or Venezuela;"

(m)

paragraph (m) of Clause 13.4.1 shall read as follows :

"(m)

other than (i) the debt service (interest, principal and cash sweep amortization) to be paid to the Bondholders under the Bond Agreement and (ii) service interest and principal on loans availed by the Issuer from or any indebtedness incurred by the Issuer to, any other member of Aban Group, to meet is normal capital expenditure, working capital requirements, cost of daily operation of the Issuer including cost of operating or stacking the Rig and/or debt servicing on the Bonds, the Issuer may not service any debt held by companies in the Aban Group; and"

3 (5)

ISIN 001 063322.5

(n)

Clause 13.6 (Financial Covenants) shall be deleted in its entirety.

(o)

paragraph (e) of Clause 13.9.1, the last (un-numbered) paragraph of Clause 13.9.1 and any

reference thereto elsewhere in the Bond Agreement, shall stand deleted in its entirety.

(p)

paragraph (a) and (b) of Clause 13.10 (Bareboat Charterer Covenants) shall be deleted in

its entirety.

(q)

paragraph (c) of Clause 13.10 shall read as follows :

"(c) The Bareboat Charterer undertakes that all earnings made from operating the Rig (regardless of being received prior to or after termination of the relevant Bareboat Charter), shall upon receipt by the Bareboat Charterer immediately be paid to the Issuer's Earnings Account in full, less actual opex incurred, however limited to USD 38,000 per day, and any withholding tax or local service tax, (i) so as to cover first the bareboat rate as per the Bareboat Charter and, if in excess of bareboat rate due, (ii) any such excess cash to be transferred by way of subordinated loans from the Bareboat Charterer to the Issuer; provided that the Bareboat Charterer shall be entitled to deduct from such sums before depositing the same into the Earnings Account, such amount as is required to service interest and principal on any loans availed by the Issuer from or any indebtedness incurred by the Issuer to, any other member of Aban Group or any other person, to meet is normal capital expenditure, working capital requirements, cost of daily operation of the Issuer including cost of operating or stacking the Rig and/or debt servicing on the Bonds."

3.

RELEASE OF SECURITY

Following commencement of this Amendment Agreement, the Security Interest referred to in paragraphs (viii) and (ix) of Clause 8.2 of the Bond Agreement shall be released and the Bond Trustee shall take any step necessary to effectuate such release.

4.

CONFIRMATION OFTHE BONDAGREEMENT

(a) All other provisions of the Bond Agreement remain in full force.

(b) The Issuer represents and warrants that the representations and warranties in Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties), except for Clause 7.1 (k), in the Bond Agreement are true and correctin all material respects.

5.

GOVERNING LAW

Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.

6.

COMMENCEMENT

The amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence on the date of this Amendment Agreement, subject to compliance with the following conditions precedent:

(a) necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer to execute the Amendment Agreement;

4 (5)

ISIN001 063322.5 (b) a power of attorney from the Issuer to the relevant individuals for their execution of
the Amendment Agreement or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorisation to sign on behalf of the Issuer; (c) copies of (i) certificate of incorporation or other similar official document and (ii) articles of association of the Issuer; (d) the Amendment Agreement being in acceptable form and executed; and (e) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of any Finance Document The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in this Clause 6.
Nordic Trustee ASA
Bond T rustee This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.
5 (5)

ISIN 001 063322.5
(b) a power of attorney from the Issuer to the relevant individuals for their execution of the Amendment Agreement or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorisation to sign on behalf of the Issuer;
(c) copies of (i) certificate of incorporation or other similar official document and (ii) articles of association of the Issuer;
(d) the Amendment Agreement being in acceptable form and executed; and
(e) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of any Finance Document
The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in this Clause 6.

Deep Drilling 1 Pte. Ltd.

Nordic Trustee ASA

Issuer

Bond TVruisvtieaen Trosch Attomey-at-Law

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

