Term Sheet

ISIN: NO0010719503 FRN Personalhuset AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019
("the Bonds" / the "Bond Issue" )
Issue Date: 11 September 2014

1. Issuer:

Personalhuset AS, incorporated under the laws of Norway with company registration no. 913 664 949.

2. Group:

The Issuer and all its (directly and indirectly owned) Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").

3. Initial Direct Subsidiaries:

Means the following Subsidiaries which will be acquired by the Issuer in connection with the Initial Bond Issue:  Agito Nordic AS (to be 100% owned by the Issuer), incorporated under
the laws of Norway with company registration no. 992 740 574;  Personalhuset Staffing Group AS (to be 100% owned by the Issuer),
incorporated under the laws of Norway with company registration no. 982 742 765;  Personalhuset Staffing Group Oy (to be 100% owned by the Issuer), incorporated under the laws of Finland with company registration no. 2305308-4;  Personalhuset Staffing Group AB (to be 100% owned by the Issuer), incorporated under the laws of Sweden with company registration no. 556970-2540 ; and  Personalhuset Ringnes AS (to be 50% owned by the Issuer), incorporated under the laws of Norway with company registration no. 994 995 421;

The purchase price for the shares in Agito Nordic AS of NOK 93.9 million (the "Agito Seller's Credit") shall be converted into shares in the Issuer prior to the Issue Date while the purchase price for the other shares shall be partly financed with the Initial Bond Issue and the remainder with equity.

4. Currency:

NOK

5. Initial Bond Issue: NOK 375 million

6. Borrowing Limit:

NOK 575 million

7. Tap Issue:

The Issuer may, provided that the Issuer is in compliance with the Financial Covenants, at one or more occasions issue additional Bonds amounting up to NOK 200 million (together with the Initial Bond Issue, limited by the Borrowing Limit). Additional Bonds shall be subject to the terms of the Bond Agreement. The price of additional Bonds may be issued at a discount or at a higher price than the Price.

1

8. Coupon Rate:

3 months NIBOR + 6.25 % p.a., quarterly interest payments.

9. Issue Date:

11 September 2014. Notice is expected to be given to subscribers minimum two business days prior to Issue Date.

10. Maturity Date:

11 September 2019 (5 years after Issue Date)

11. First Interest Payment Date:

11 December 2014 (3 months after Issue Date)

12. Last Interest Payment Date:

Maturity Date

13. Amortization:

The Bonds shall be repaid in full at Maturity Date at price 100.00% (par).

14. Interest Payments: Interest on the Bonds will commence to accrue on Issue Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the interest payment day in March, June, September and December (each an "Interest Payment Date") each year. The daycount fraction for the coupon is act/360, business day convention is "modified following" and business day means a business day in Oslo.

15. Price:

100.00 (par)

16. Nominal Amount The Bonds will have a nominal value of NOK 500,000 each. Minimum

and minimum

subscription and allocation amount shall be NOK 1,000,000, with integrals

subscription and

of NOK 500,000 in excess thereof.

allocation amount:

17. Status of the Bonds: The Bonds shall be senior obligations of the Issuer and will:

(i)

be secured as set forth under "Security";

(ii)

be pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future

indebtedness of the Issuer that is not subordinated in right of

payment to the Bonds and be subordinated only to any existing

and future indebtedness of the Issuer that is mandatorily

preferred by law.

Please observe that the Bonds will be structurally subordinated to any indebtedness incurred by the Subsidiaries including but not limited to the Working Capital Facility, and will not be secured with any guarantee from or security provided by any Subsidiary.

18. Purpose of the Initial Bond Issue:

The Initial Bond Issue (net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) shall be used to part finance the acquisition of the Initial Direct Subsidiaries.

19. Purpose of Tap Issues:

Tap Issues shall be used towards the financing of:

(i)

fees and expenses related to the Tap Issue; and

(ii)

general corporate purposes of the Group (including for the

avoidance of doubt refinancing of other Permitted Financial

Indebtedness and financing of acquisitions) either by way of (a)

transfer to a Subsidiary as Intragroup Loans or equity through

subscription of new shares in a directly owned Subsidiary of the

Issuer or (b) be applied by the Issuer for acquisitions of new

companies where the shares acquired (the "Acquired Shares") are

2

20. Security: 21. Escrow Account:

to be included in the Security.

All amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Trustee and the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in the Bond Issue, including but not limited to principal, interest and expenses, shall be secured by the following first priority security (the "Security"):

Pre-Settlement Security:

(i)

pledge over the Escrow Account (the "Escrow Account

Pledge"); and

Pre-Disbursement Security:

(ii)

a first priority pledge granted by the Issuer over all (100%, and

50% in respect of Personalhuset Ringnes AS) of the shares of

the Initial Direct Subsidiaries as well as Personalhuset

Management AS (100%) (org nr. 913 742 575) and

Personalhuset Management II AS (100%) (org nr. 913 641 590)

(the "Subsidiaries Share Pledge");

(iii) a first priority pledge over any Intragroup Loan from the Issuer to any Group Companies from time to time (the "Intragroup Loan Pledge"); and

Additional Security:

(iv) a first priority pledge in the Acquired Shares (to the extent such shares are acquired) as well as shares in any other directly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer from time to time ("Additional Share Pledge").

The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established no later than at the Issue Date.

The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to or in connection with the release of funds from the Escrow Account, save for payment of fees and costs (including legal costs) due and owing related to the Initial Bond Issue, as described in more detail under Conditions Precedent below.

A pledge in Acquired Shares shall be established in connection with an acquisition of Acquired Shares.

The Trustee may, at its sole discretion, postpone the delivery of certain conditions precedent.

The Security in (i) ­ (iv) shall collectively be referred to herein as the "Security Documents", and shall be made in favor of the Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders).

The Issuer shall prior to issue of the Bonds establish an escrow account (and the net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred to the escrow account in connection with the issuance of the Bonds.) The Escrow Account shall be established in a Norwegian bank ("Account Bank"). Such Escrow Account shall be blocked and pledged on a first priority basis in favor of the Trustee. The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the Purpose of the Initial Bond Issue.

3

22. Call Options (American):

The first release from the Escrow Account takes place when all the PreDisbursement Conditions Precedent (as described above) have been complied with. If, for any reason, the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedents are not fulfilled within 3 months from the Issue Date, the amount in the Escrow Account shall be applied solely to redeem the Bonds at 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or nothing) as follows:
(i) with Issue Date from and including the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day falling 2.5 years after Issue Date at a price equivalent to the sum of:
a) the present value of 104.00% of par value as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Day falling 2.5 years after Issue Date;
b) the present value of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through to and including the Interest Payment Day falling 2.5 years after Issue Date; and
c) accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount,
both a) and b) above calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Norwegian Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the date falling 2.5 years after the Issue Date) on the 10th Business Day prior to the repayment date.
(ii) with Issue Date from and including the Interest Payment Day falling on or about 2.5 (two and a half) years after the Issue Date up to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day falling on or about 3.5 (three and a half) years after the Issue Date at a price equal to 104.00% of par value;
(iii) with Issue Date from and including the Interest Payment Day falling on or about 3.5 (three and a half) years after the Issue Date up to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day falling on or about 4.0 (four) years after the Issue Date at a price equal to 102.75% of par value;
(iv) with Issue Date from and including the Interest Payment Day falling on or about 4 (four) years after the Issue Date, but not including, the Interest Payment Day falling on or about 4.5 (four and a half) years after the Issue Date at a price equal to 101.75% of par value; or
(v) with Issue Date from and including the Interest Payment Day falling on or about 4.5 (four and a half) years after the Issue Date up to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date, at a price equal to 100.75% of par value;
in all instances with the addition of accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the Issue Date of the Call Option. On the Issue Date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed,
4

23. Bondholders' Put Option:
24. Change of Control Event:
25. Conditions Precedent:

in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the Issue Date. Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with the Call Option stated above shall be discharged against the outstanding bonds.
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (Put Option) of the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued interest), such option to be exercised within 60 days following the notice of a Change of Control Event.
Change of Control Event means: (i) if Kristian Adolfsen, Roger Adolfsen, Benn Eidissen and/or Even Carlsen or any of their related persons as defined in the Companies Act section 1-5 cease to jointly have Decisive Influence over the Issuer; or (ii) if and when any other person or group of persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, acquires Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
Pre-Settlement:
Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account will be subject to certain conditions precedent customary for these types of transactions, including but not limited to (in form satisfactory to the Trustee):
a) the Bond Agreement duly executed;
b) an agreement between the Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees duly executed;
c) corporate documents, necessary corporate resolutions and any necessary governmental approvals, consent or waivers (as the case may be) required at such time to issue the Bonds, establish the Escrow Account Pledge and enter into relevant Finance Documents;
d) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;
e) confirmation from the Manager stating the requirements for exemption as set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive) concerning prospectuses have been met;
f) pro forma financials for 2013 and pro forma unaudited 1H 2014 on a consolidated basis for the Group;
g) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Account Bank);
h) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer has in aggregate a minimum fully paid in equity capital of NOK 169.7 million consisting of a) a conversion of the Agito Seller's Credit and b) cash contribution of NOK 75.7 million; and
i) any statement or legal opinion reasonably requested by the Trustee.

5

Pre- Disbursement:

The amounts on the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the Purpose of the Bond Issue, and the first release from the Escrow Account shall be subject to certain conditions precedent customary for these types of transactions, including but not limited to (in form satisfactory to the Trustee):

j) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer;

k) necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer and any other member of the Group (if applicable) to execute the relevant Security Documents (other than the Escrow Account Pledge);

l) the Security Documents (except the Escrow Account Pledge) duly executed and perfected (or satisfactory evidence that such Security Documents will be executed and perfected in connection with (and simultaneously with) the release of the funds from the Escrow Account);

m) relevant invoices or other supporting documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue;

n) no (potential) Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

o) a written confirmation from the Issuer that the Group has no other Financial Indebtedness other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness, duly certified by a director of the Issuer;

p) satisfactory evidence (i.e. extracts from pertinent official registers to the extent relevant and otherwise in the form of a written statement from the Issuer) to the Trustee that the Group has not pledged any of its assets or provided any financial support other than the Permitted Financial Support;

q) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Trustee have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee; and

r) any other Finance Documents being duly executed and perfected in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee.

26. Issuer's Information The Issuer shall undertake customary information covenants in accordance

Covenants:

with the current standards of the Trustee as of Issue Date, in addition to

the following:

a) Prepare Financial Reports and make such reports available on the website of the Issuer (in addition to sending them to the Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.;

b) the Issuer shall quarterly in connection with the publication of its Financial Reports confirm to the Trustee in writing its compliance with the covenants in the Bond Agreement;

6

c) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand would lead to an Event of Default and any other event which is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;

d) after the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Trustee of its notices to the exchange; and

e) at the request of the Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds.

27. The Group's General During the term of the Bonds, the Group shall (unless the Trustee or the

Undertakings:

Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to

otherwise) comply with, inter alia, the following general covenants and

undertakings at any time:

a) Mergers: The Issuer shall not, and it shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary with any other companies or entities not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

b) De-mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall make sure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any such Material Subsidiary into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

c) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business, and ensure that none of the Material Subsidiaries cease to carry out their businesses, and the Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.

d) Disposal of business or assets: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its or that Material Subsidiary´s assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, unless (i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transaction; and (ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee of any such transaction, and upon request provide relevant details thereof.

e) Ownership to Material Subsidiary: The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Material Subsidiaries to any person not being a member of the Group, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and further provided that such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect.

7

f) Event of default/cross default: The Bond Agreement shall include standard event of default provisions (as customary in the Norwegian high-yield bond market in relation to all Material Subsidiaries, including inter alia cross default provisions for Financial Indebtedness with a NOK 10 million threshold.
g) Corporate status: The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction;
h) Arm's length transaction: The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no member of the Group shall enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value, or, in the case of transactions between Group Companies as permissible under the applicable law.
i) Financial Indebtedness: No member of the Group shall incur any Financial Indebtedness except for Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
j) Financial Support: No member of the Group shall directly or indirectly make or grant any loans, grant any credit or give any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any person or group or otherwise voluntary assume any financial liability, whether actual or contingent, in respect of any other person or group, not being a member of the Group, except for financial support granted in relation to any Permitted Financial Indebtedness or in the ordinary course of business.
k) Insurance: The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each Material Subsidiary will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its properties and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice.
l) Distributions: The Issuer shall make no Distributions exceeding 30% of the Group's net profit on a consolidated basis for the previous financial year, provided always that immediately after such a transaction the Issuer complies with the Financial Covenants.
m) Subsidiaries' distributions: The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiaries to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) service any financial indebtedness to the Issuer, or (iii) make any loans to the Issuer, if the creation of such contractual obligation is reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement.
n) Negative pledge: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, incur, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist, any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance over any of its present or future respective assets or revenues, other than Permitted Security and any lien arising by operation of law.
8

28. Financial Reports:

Means the profit & loss statements, balance sheet, cash flow analysis and management summary for the Issuer on a consolidated basis based on IFRS, in the form of unaudited quarterly reports and audited annual reports, all written in English. In each Financial Report, the Issuer shall also show the calculation of the Financial Covenants compared to the corresponding threshold, and the Issuer shall also describe what external Financial Indebtedness has been drawn on the corresponding date.

29. Material Subsidiary: Means the Initial Direct Subsidiaries as well as any other Group Company whose EBITDA or Total Assets exceeds 5% of the Group's consolidated EBITDA or Total Assets, as applicable, for EBITDA as measured in the preceding four quarterly periods, together with other Group Companies as determined by the Issuer, provided that such Group Companies shall always account for at least 80% in aggregate of the total EBITDA or Total Assets of the Group on a consolidated basis.

30. Financial Covenants: The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants, to be measured on each Quarter Date and reported within 60 days following each Quarter Date:

a) Leverage Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a maximum Leverage Ratio as follows:

Relevant Period ending:

Leverage Ratio:

The Quarter Dates on 30 September 5.25 2014 and 31 December 2014

The Quarter Dates on 31 March 2015 4.75 and 30 June 2015

The Quarter Dates on 30 September 4.25 2015 and 31 December 2015

The Quarter Dates on 31 March 2016 4.00 and 30 June 2016

The Quarter Date on 30 September 3.50 2016 and each Quarter Date thereafter.

b) Interest Coverage Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Interest Coverage Ratio above 2.00x.
c) Minimum Subordinated Capital: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a minimum fully paid in subordinated capital of NOK 150 million, consisting of (i) Shareholder Loan and (ii) Book Equity. However, for every NOK 1.0 of Tap Issue being utilized, the Minimum Subordinated Capital threshold shall be increased by NOK 0.4, i.e. if the NOK 200 million Tap Issue is utilized, the Minimum Subordinated Capital shall be increased to NOK 230 million, to be demonstrated proforma after such Tap Issue taking place.
The figures for the Book Equity, EBITDA, Net Interest Bearing Debt and Net Interest Expenses for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the

9

31. Cure: 32. Definitions:

calculation, but adjusted so that:

(i)

entities acquired or disposed of by the Group during the

Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but

before the relevant reporting date, shall be included or

excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant

Period; and

(ii)

any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from the

Permitted Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma,

for the entire Relevant Period.

If at any time there is a breach of the Financial Covenants, the Issuer shall no later than 25 days thereon place such amount required to cure such breach into the Escrow Account. Such amount shall remain deposited on the Escrow Account until such cure is no longer required and may only be used in accordance with "Purpose of the Tap Issue" following a release from the Escrow Account.

Book Equity means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's equity which is treated as equity in accordance with IFRS, as illustrated in the then most recent Financial Report.

Cash and Cash Equivalent means, on any date, the aggregate of the equivalent in NOK on such date of the then current market value of:

(i)

cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current

and/or on deposit accounts with an acceptable bank; and

(ii)

time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of

deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an

acceptable bank,

in each case, to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at that time and to which any such Group Company has free and unrestricted access (i.e. excluding amounts on blocked accounts), included the Escrow Account provided the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent are met. An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is:

(i)

a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has

a rating of "A" or higher by Standard & Poor's, Moody's or

Fitch; or

(ii)

a bank or financial institution which is authorized to carry on

banking business in any of the Nordic countries.

"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:

a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of
directors of that other person.

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the direct or indirect parent company(ies) of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.

Distribution means any (i) payment of dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase of own shares, (iii) redemption of share capital or other restricted equity with

10

repayment to shareholders, or (iv) any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct and indirect shareholders of any Group Company or the affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders without mutual consideration (including group contribution).

EBITDA means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the Group's aggregate earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.

Existing Indebtedness means (i) existing debt of Agito Nordic AS in the amount of NOK 40.8.

Financial Indebtedness means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(i)

moneys borrowed;

(ii)

any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit

facility or dematerialized equivalent;

(iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(iv) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS in force as of the Issue Date, be treated as a financial lease;

(v)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to

the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(vi) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and

(viii) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vii) above.

IFRS means the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time (unless otherwise stated herein).

Interest Coverage Ratio means the ratio of EBITDA for the Group (on a consolidated basis) to the Net Interest Expenses for the Group (on a consolidated basis).

Leverage Ratio means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA for the Group (on a consolidated basis).

Net Interest Bearing Debt means, on a consolidated basis for the Group, the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any Shareholder Loan) less Cash and Cash Equivalents in accordance with IFRS.

Net Interest Expenses means, on a consolidated basis, the Group's cash interest expenses less interest income in accordance with IFRS (and

11

excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalized on Shareholder Loans). For the first four reporting dates, the Net Interest Expenses shall be annualized based on the period since the Issue Date. Thereafter, it shall be based on the actual last twelve months.

Material Adverse Effect means an event or circumstances which has a material adverse effect on:

(i)

the business, financial conditions or operations of the Issuer

and/or the Group as a whole;

(ii)

the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations

under the Finance Documents; or

(iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.

Quarter Date means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

Relevant Period means each period of 12 consecutive months ending on the last day of the Group's financial year and each period of 12 consecutive months ending on the last day of each financial quarterly period of the Group's financial year.

Subsidiary means an entity over which another entity has a Decisive Influence.

Total Assets means aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total assets in accordance with IFRS, as illustrated in the then most recent audited consolidated annual financial statements or the latest quarterly financial reports (as the case may be).

33. Permitted Financial Means Financial Indebtedness which is either of the following:

Indebtedness:

(i)

the Initial Bond Issue or any subsequent Tap Issue;

(ii)

Existing Indebtedness until discharge thereof in connection

with first release of funds from the Escrow Account;

(iii) Financial Indebtedness under the Working Capital Facility;

(iv) any Shareholder Loan;

(v)

any Intragroup Loan;

(vi) any Financial Indebtedness arising between Group Companies under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group;

(vii) Financial Indebtedness incurred by any Group Company under any pension or tax liabilities in the ordinary course of business;

(viii) any Financial Indebtedness as a result of any Group Company acquiring another company and such Financial Indebtedness is already incurred by the acquired company, provided that the Issuer is within its Financial Covenants, tested pro forma including the acquired company in question. Such Financial Indebtedness shall be refinanced within 60 days from incurrence; and

(ix) any unsecured Financial Indebtedness not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the outstanding amount of which

12

does not exceed NOK 10 million (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate for the Group at any time.

34. Permitted Security Means the following: (i) The security provided for the Bond Issue and the Working Capital Facility Security, (ii) security granted to secure Existing Indebtedness until discharge thereof in connection with first release of funds from the Escrow Account, and (iii) security already existing over the assets of any acquired companies securing Permitted Financial Indebtedness item (viii), subject to such security being cancelled within 60 days from the acquisition of the relevant company.

35. Working Capital Facility:

Any Financial Indebtedness incurred for the sole purpose of short term financing the Group`s requirement to procure cost coverage in the daily operations of the Group and never to exceed the Working Capital Facility Cap. The Working Capital Facility shall be subject to a 2 consecutive Business Days actual clean-down each quarter.

36. Working Capital Facility Security:

The permitted security to be granted in respect of the Working Capital Facility, to include security provided by Subsidiaries of the Issuer covering potentially all of their assets in favour of the lenders of the Working Capital Facility, to secure the payment obligations under the Working Capital Facility.

37. Working Capital Facility Cap:

The total commitment under the Working Capital Facility shall be limited to an aggregate one month consolidated Group turnover (calculated as the average monthly turnover for the Group during the preceding six months) plus interest, default interest, costs and expenses under the Working Capital Facility.

38. Shareholder Loan: Means any loan granted to the Issuer by the shareholder(s) of the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that any Shareholder Loan shall in all respects be fully subordinated to the Bonds with no repayments of principal and payment of cash interest before the payment obligations under the Finance Documents are fully discharged. For the avoidance of doubt, any accrued interests shall be accumulated and added to the principal of such Shareholder Loan. Conversion of Shareholder Loan to equity shall be permitted.

39. Intragroup Loan:

Means any loan or loan stock made or, as the context may require, to be made available by any Group Company to another Group Company (other than such arising under any group account system (NO: konsernkontosystem) of the Group). All Intragroup Loans shall be senior unsecured.

40. Approvals:

The Bonds have been issued in accordance with the Issuer's Board approval dated [·] 2014.

41. Issuer's ownership The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at

of bonds:

the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

42. Manager:

Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway.

43. Trustee:

Nordic Trustee ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, NO-0116 Oslo, Norway.

13

44. Registration: 45. Paying Agent:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS. Nordea Bank Norge ASA

46. Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with issuance of the Bonds or the Security Documents, but not in respect of trading of the Bonds in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and the Issuer shall deduct before payment to the bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law. The Loan Agreement will not include provisions on gross-up and call upon introduction of any withholding tax.

47. Bond Agreement:

The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.

Each subscriber in the Bonds, such subscription documented by an application form, a taped telephone conversation, e-mail or otherwise, is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur.

Each subscriber in the Bonds either through the application form (if applied) or documented as otherwise specified in the foregoing, specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective Bondholders. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.

48. Finance Documents: Means: (a) the Bond Agreement; (b) the Security Documents; (c) the Trustee's fee letter; and (d) any other document designated by the Issuer and the Trustee as a Finance Document.

49. Governing Law:

Norwegian law, with the exemption for other mandatory laws for certain Security Documents.

50. Listing:

An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on Oslo Børs.

14

51. Market making:

No market-maker agreement has been made for this Issue.

52. Eligible purchasers: The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the application form that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

53. Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

Personalhuset AS
As Issuer

Oslo, 29 August 2014

As Manager

15

Appendix - Schedule 1

Legal Structure

75-80% Shareholders

20-25% Management

Agito Nordic AS 100%

Personalhuset AS

Agito Danmark AS 100%

Agito Norge AS 100%

Agito Sverige AB 100%

Agito Nordic AB 100%

Agito Healthcare AS 100%

Personalhuset Staffing Group AS
100%

Personalhuset Staffing Group Oy
100%

Personalhuset Management I AS (100%)

Personalhuset Staffing Group AB
100%
Personalhuset Ringnes 50%

Personalhuset Management II AS (100%)

16

