NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
(Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA på telefon +47 22 87 94 00.)
To the bondholders in:
FRN Aker American Shipping ASA Senior Unsecured Callable PIK Bond Issue2007/2018 with ISIN NO 001 035651.2
Oslo, 9 December 2013
SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS MEETING - PROPOSED APPROVAL IN RESPECT OF CERTAIN AMENDMENTS TO THE LOAN AGREEMENT Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is appointed bond trustee (the "Loan Trustee") for the bond issue with ISIN N0001035651.2 (the "Loan" and the "Bonds") where Aker American Shipping Company ASA (now known as American Shipping Company ASA) (the "Borrower" or "AMSC") is the issuer.
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement (the "Loan Agreement") entered into on 23 February, 2007 between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee (as later amended by two amendment agreements both dated 7 November 2011), unless otherwise stated in this summons.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
The Borrower has approached the Loan Trustee to convene a Bondholders meeting to consider a request for consent as set out herein.
1. Background The Borrower has recently completed a placement of new shares for gross proceeds of NOK 735 million, or approximately USD 120 million (the "Private Placement" with the objective of:
(a) strengthening the equity base of AMSC; (b) enabling dividend payments to attract equity investors; and (c) reducing the refinancing risk in 2016 associated with the senior secured bank loan. The completion of the Private Placement is subject to approval at an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders to be held on December 27, 2013. Payment and registration of the share capital increase pertaining to the Private Placement is expected on or about January 3, 2014.
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIls gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
In addition, Converto Capital Fund AS has agreed to convert an unsecured loan of approximately USD 29 million from Converto Capital Fund AS (to maintain, to the extent possible, Converto's 19.9% equity stake) (the "Conversion").
This Private Placement and the Conversion will allow the Borrower to make partial cash interest payments to its unsecured lenders (including the Bondholders) and to pay dividends to its shareholders. It will also enhance the Borrower's ability to refinance its existing senior secured bank loan prior to its maturity in June 2016 and - importantly - hence also the refinancing of the Loan.
The capital restructuring will provide the following benefits to the Bondholders:
(a) The Borrower will begin paying one-half of current interest charges in cash, subject to covenant compliance as set out in the Proposal below.
(b) Easing dividend restriction would permit the Borrower to pay dividends to its shareholders and hence enable the Borrower to raise new equity and strengthen its capital base.
(c) The capital restructuring will lead to significantly higher equity in the Borrower, which would decrease the leverage, and provide support to the value, of the Bonds.
(d) The Borrower would seek to redeem and/or refinance the Bonds in connection with the refinancing of its senior secured bank loan (expected to occur in 2015 or the first half o f 2016.
The capital restructuring of the Borrower is dependent on, inter alia, Bondholder approval to certain amendments to the Loan Agreement. The principal Bondholder has agreed to vote for the amendments proposed herein. The capital restructuring will become effective when the Bondholders' approval has been obtained and the conditions for the Private Placement and the Conversion are satisfied (the "AMSC Restructuring Date").
For purposes of this summons, the term "Bank Refinancing Date" means the date that the loans advanced under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2012, among and certain affiliates of AMSC, as Credit Parties, BNP Paribas as a Lender and as Agent for the Lenders, and the other Lenders party thereto from time to time (as such credit agreement is amended from time to time, the "BNPP Credit Agreement"), are repaid in full.
Reference is also made to the press release by the Borrower on 3 December 2013, as available from Newsweb at http://www.newsweb.no/newsweb/search.do?messageId=341298&searchCriteria.fromDate=0 2.12,2013&searchCriteria.toDate=04.12.2013&searchCriteria.issuerId=7954&searchCriteria.i nfoRequiredQnlv;=false&searchCriteria.oamMandatorvQiilv=false&searchCriteria.currentYer sionOnlv=false&searchCriteria.activeIssuersOnlv=true&searchCriteria.osloMarketOnlv=false
2. The Proposal
The Borrower proposes a resolution be passed by the Bondholders, whereby the Loan Agreement is amended as follows (the "Proposal"):
2

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
a) The Bonds will be converted to USD Bond Issue. The amount converted will be the outstanding amount (included accumulated PIK interest) as of the date of the conversion (being on or about the AMSC Restructuring Date), in addition to accrued interest not yet paid as PIK interest. The rate of exchange for NOK / USD will be based on the prevailing rate of exchange as of 30 September 2013, being NOK 6,0081 (the "Exchange Rate"). The ISIN will be changed to a new ISIN.
b) Denomination of the Bonds is changed to USD 1.
c) As the denomination of the Bonds will be in USD, the calculation of interest in Clause 9.1 is amended to "LIBOR plus Margin". Certain other amendments will be made as a consequence of this, such as amended from NIBOR to LIBOR, to include New York (in addition to Oslo) into the Business Day definition etc.
d) The Margin shall be amended to "6.00 percentage points" from the AMSC Restructuring Date. In connection with the conversion to USD, a new interest payment date may be incorporated if required to facilitate such conversion.
e) A new call structure shall be included and certain other amendments made, by amending Clause 10.2:
The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan (Call Option) at any time prior to 30 June 2016 at 101.00% of par value plus accrued interest on redeemed amount. Clause 10.1 would be amended so that the Loan shall be repaid in full at final Maturity Date at 101% of par value (plus accrued interests on redeemed bonds).
If the refinancing of the BNPP Credit Agreement generates Excess Loan Proceeds, the Borrower shall redeem parts of the Loan equalling 75% of the Excess Loan Proceeds. "Excess Loan Proceeds" shall mean the amount by which the indebtedness incurred to refinance the loans outstanding under the BNPP Credit Agreement exceeds the outstanding amount of such loans at the Bank Refinancing Date.
The Borrower shall covenant that the new secured financing shall have an amortisation profile of maximum 15 years.
In connection with a refinancing of the existing senior secured bank loan in 20152016, the Borrower shall make its best endeavours to prepay the Loan.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall not be permitted to incur additional debt secured in any of the Borrower's assets (as stated in the Loan Agreement clause 13.3 c) and additionally the Borrower shall not be permitted to incur additional unsecured financial indebtedness ranking with better priority or pari passu with the Bonds, unless otherwise agreed with the bondholders.
f) Existing dividend restrictions in Clause 13.3 (h) of the Loan Agreement are deleted and are replaced with the following:
"On or before the Bank Refinancing Date, the Borrower may only make dividend payments, repurchase shares or make other distributions to its shareholders during the firs t 30 days following each payment date under the BNPP Credit Agreement (as the term "payment date" is defined therein), provided that the Borrower, on a consolidated basis, has immediately following such dividend payment or distribution (i) at least USD 10,000,000 o f unrestricted cash and (ii) an "NIBD-to-vessel value"
3

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
ratio o f not more than 85 per cent, where "N IBD " means interest-bearing debt minus cash-on-hand, and "vessel value" means the charter-free fair market value o f the vessels as determined within the past 12 months by an independent appraiser reasonably acceptable to the Trustee.
Notwithstanding the above, the Borrower shall not make dividend payments in excess o f USD 18 million and USD 25 million fo r the calendar years 2014 and 2015 respectively, and USD 13 million fo r the first 6 months o f 2016. Any dividend payments made after the Bank Refinancing Date shall be subject to a minimum Equity to Total Asset Ratio o f 20% and shall remain above 20% also immediately after such dividend payment has been made (increasing to 25% as from 28 February 2018) and that the Borrower is current with all o f its interest payments."
g) Clause 9.5 shall be amended so that, following the AMSC Restructuring Date, the Borrower shall make minimum 50% of future interest payments in cash, increasing to 70% for the first 12 months after the Bank Refinancing Date to 90% for the subsequent 12 months period and 100% thereafter provided however that the Borrower, on a consolidated basis, has immediately following such interest payment (i) at least USD 10,000,000 of free and available unencumbered cash and (ii) an "NIBD-to-vessel value" ratio of not more than 85 per cent, where "NIBD" means interest-bearing debt minus cash-on-hand, and "vessel value" means the fair market value of the vessels as determined within the past 12 months by an independent broker reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. Should the conditions above not be met, the Borrower will in each instance be free to make interest payments as "Payment-in kind".
In the event the Borrower is unable to pay cash interest as described above and consequently the whole or a portion of the cash interest payable is made as "Paymentin-kind" i.e. through issuance of additional Bonds as described in the Loan Agreement in Clause 9.5, the Borrower shall not be permitted to make any dividend payments prior to all additional Bonds issued in such event, are redeemed through cash payments.
h) The Borrower is given an option (the "Extension Option") to extend the Maturity Date, which is currently 28 February 2018, to 28 February 2021 (the "Extended Maturity Date"), which may be exercised with minimum 30 Business Days' notice to the Loan Trustee. The Extension Option may be exercised until the earliest of (i) the Bank Refinancing Date and (ii) 30 June 2016.
Upon exercise of the Extension Option the Margin shall be amended to 8.50 percentage points. At the end of every 12 month period as from the effective date of the exercised Extension Option to the date which the Bonds have been repaid, the Margin will increase by 0.50 percentage points.
Upon exercise of the Extension Option the Borrower shall make all interest payments under the Bonds in cash, subject to the terms and conditions related to the payment of cash interest described in paragraph (g)) above (satisfaction of financial covenant or payment of interest by PIK).
i) Clause 13.3 (i) o f the Loan Agreement, which requires that any payment by the Borrower in cash of interest or principal under the Converto Loan shall be made on a corresponding pro rata basis under the Bonds, is deleted, with effect from the date the
4

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Borrower notifies the Loan Trustee that at least 50% of the Converto Loan has been converted into equity in the Borrower.
j) Under Clause 13.3 (e) of the Loan Agreement the Borrower undertakes a negative pledge restricting the Borrower's ability to provide security for financial indebtedness. As the lenders under the BNPP Credit Agreement have required that the Borrower deposit the net proceeds from the issuance of the Borrower common stock into a deposit account or securities account in the name of the Borrower at BNP Paribas Fortis Norway (the "Operating Account") and that such account be pledged as security for the senior secured bank loan (including any hedging), the Borrower requests that a carve out from Clause 13.3 (e) of the Loan Agreement is included, whereby the Borrower is permitted to provide such security.
k) The Loan Trustee is given a power of attorney to implement the above amendments (including any other amendments needed as a consequence of the proposed amendments), and to negotiate and complete relevant documentation, making any changes to, inter alia, the Loan Agreement (by an amended and restated loan agreement), that it deems necessary to implement the above. The Proposal is subject to the AMSC Restructuring Date taking place before 28 February 2014 at the latest.
3. Non-reliance
The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Loan Trustee and nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal, financial and tax advisers regarding the effect of the Proposal.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time: Place:

17 December 2013 at 15.00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval o f the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Loan Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

a) The Bondholders Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 2 in the summons to this Bondholders' Meeting.

5

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
The above mentioned resolutions will, according to the Loan Agreement, require a 2/3 majority of the bonds represented at the bondholders' meeting voting in favour and a minimum 5/10 of the outstanding bonds being represented at the meeting. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOoPlease find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.) The individual bondholder may authorise the Loan Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to the Loan Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Loan Trustee, to notify the Loan Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Kind regards Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Ola Nygård
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
6

