ISINNO 001 066095.4
SECOND AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT in respect of a
BOND AGREEMENT between
Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd. (the "Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
FRN Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd. Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017

SECOND AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT
This amendment and restatement agreement (the "Agreement") has been entered into on 30 July 2014 between:
(1) Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd. (an exempted company limited by shares incorporated in Bermuda with registration number 39152) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Nordic Trustee ASA (formerly Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
WHEREAS:
(A) Pursuant to a bond agreement originally dated 28 September 2012 and amended by a first amendment agreement dated 10 October 2013 (the "Original Bond Agreement") made between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee on behalf of the bondholders, the Issuer has issued bonds constituting the FRN Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd. Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017, with ISIN NO 001 066095.4 (the "Bond Issue").
(B) In comiection with the Issuer's contemplated formation of a master limited partnership, the Issuer put forward a proposal to amend certain provisions of the Bond Agreement pursuant to a summons letter dated 20 June 2014 (the "Proposal").
(C) In the Bondholders' Meeting held 4 July 2014, the Bondholders adopted the Proposal, and authorised the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders to enter into this Agreement and to carry out any necessary completion work.
(D) The Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Issuer have now agreed that the terms of the Original Bond Agreement, with effect from the Effective Date, shall be amended and restated as set out in the first amended and restated bond agreement (the "Amended and Restated Bond Agreement") attached in Schedule 2 (Amended and Restated Bond Agreement) hereto.
IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 1.1 Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning
ascribed to such terms in the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.
1.2 In this Agreement:
"Effective Date" means the date on which the Bond Trustee notifies the Issuer in writing that it has received all the documents and other evidence set out in Clause 3 (Conditions Precedent) in form and substance satisfactory to it.
1.3 The provisions of Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Original Bond Agreement apply to this Agreement as though they were set out herein in their entirety, except that references to the Original Bond Agreement shall be construed as references to this Agreement and any other logical adjustments being made.
2(6)

1.4 Any reference herein to the "Finance Documents" shall be construed as a reference to the agreements and documents designated as such in the Original Bond Agreement and entered into, executed, made or granted in relation or pursuant to the Original Bond Agreement.
2. THE EFFECTIVE DATE With irrevocable and unconditional effect from and including the Effective Date:
(a) the Original Bond Agreement (and thereby the rights and obligations pertaining to the Bonds) will be amended and restated in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Amended and Restated Bond Agreement) hereto, so that the rights and obligations of the Bondholders, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall, with effect from and including the Effective Date, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the terms of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement; and
(b) the Bondholders, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall have the rights and take on the obligations ascribed to them under the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.
3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 3.1 The obligation of the Bond Trustee to accept that the Bond Agreement is amended in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement is conditional upon the Trustee having received in form and substance satisfactory to it:
(a) this Agreement duly executed by all parties hereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute this Agreement; and
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of this Agreement, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Issuer.
3.2 When the conditions set out above are met in a manner satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee shall inform the Issuer in writing of the Effective Date.
4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES The Issuer represents and warrants that as at the Effective Date:
(a) is an exempted company limited by shares, duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of Bermuda and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted;
(b) it has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Agreement;
(c) this Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render this Agreement enforceable against it;
(d) the entry into and performance by it of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or
3(6)

judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets;

(e) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect, and all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by the Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and

(f)

after giving effect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, no

Event of Default exists, and no other event or circumstances is outstanding which

constitute or (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any

determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) would constitute a default

or termination event (howsoever described) under any agreement or instrument which

is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries, or which its (or any of its Subsidiaries')

assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined

in the Original Bond Agreement).

5. EFFECTIVENESS
For the avoidance of doubt, prior to written confirmation of delivery of all the documents and other evidence set out in Clause 3 (Conditions precedent documents) in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, the terms of the Bonds shall be governed by the Original Bond Agreement.

6. TERMINATION
This Agreement shall terminate at 2 pm (Oslo time) on 8 August 2014 if any of the documents and other evidence set out in Clause 3 (Conditions precedent documents) has not been delivered to the Bond Trustee in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, or such delivery has not been waived by the Bond Trustee, by such time.

7. MISCELLANEOUS
7.1 If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any law, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected or impaired in any way

7.2 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and all of those counterparts taken together will be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.

7.3 This Agreement is a Finance Document for the purpose of the Original Bond Agreement and the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.

8. JURISDICTION AND GOVERNING LAW
8.1 This Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.

4(6)

8.2 All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the issuer, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts o f Norway, with the District Court o f Oslo as sole legal venue.

For the Issuer

***
For the Bond Trustee

By: C A H lU A 'r ^ /iiO S ' H X fU J B Z .

Position:

6 / - 1/si - FV \C T

Position:

o rorrang
.sgal Director

SCHEDULE 1
AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT
6(6)

IS1NNO 001 066095.4
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT between
Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd. (the "Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
FRN Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd. Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1. INTERPRETATION............................................................................................................ 3 2. THE BONDS........................................................................................................................10 3. LISTING...............................................................................................................................10 4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER........................................................... 10 5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS.................................................................... 11 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT............................................................................................. 11 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES................................................................... 12 8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY................................................................... 15 9. INTEREST...........................................................................................................................15 10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION...................................................... 16 11. PAYMENTS.........................................................................................................................17 12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS............................................................................. 17 13. COVENANTS......................................................................................................................17 14. FEES AND EXPENSES..................................................................................................... 23 15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT.................................................................................................... 24 16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING........................................................................................... 26 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE....................................................................................................... 28 18. MISCELLANEOUS........................................................................................................... 30

2 (35)

This agreement, originally entered into on 28 September 2012, as amended by the First Amendment Agreement dated 10 October 2013 and amended restated by the Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement dated 30 July 2014 on the Effective Date (as defined therein), has been entered into on 30 July 2014 between
(1) Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd. (an exempted company limited by shares incorporated in Bermuda with registration number 39152 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Book Equity" means the consolidated book equity of the Issuer calculated in accordance with GAAP, excluding mark-to-market valuation of derivatives.
"Bond Agreement" means this second amended and restated bond agreement, including any Attachment to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means three - 3 - months NIBOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
3 (35)

"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means, on any date, the aggregated of the unrestricted, unpledged and freely available cash, including cash equivalents as calculated in accordance with GAAP, of any Group Company or JV Company, as the case may be.

"Change of Control Event" means, if and when, subsequent to the date hereof, (i) any shareholder (or related group of shareholders and/or shareholders acting in concert) other than the Høegh Family (directly or indirectly) owns or controls shares representing more equity or voting rights in the Issuer than the Høegh Family; or (ii) the Høegh Family (directly or indirectly) in any way reduces its ownership or control of the equity or voting rights to 1/3 or less of the total equity or voting rights of the Issuer other than through (A) a dilution following an issuance of new equity; or (B) a conversion by Mitsui OSK Lines Limited, Statoil ASA and/or Tokyo LNG Tanker Co. Ltd. of their ownership share in a JV Company existing at the date of this Bond Agreement to shares in the Issuer.

"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.

"De-listing Event" means if the shares of the Issuer cease to be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.

"Distribution" means (i) any dividend payment or other distribution declared or made by the Issuer, whether in cash or in kind, (ii) any repurchase by the Issuer of any of its shares or any similar transaction (including, but not limited to, total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer), or (iii) any loan granted or any transaction undertaken by the Issuer constituing a transfer of value to its shareholders.

"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"Exchange" means a securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied or will apply for listing of the Bonds.

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2 and (iii) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a)

moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

4(35)

(c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis);

(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession

by the person liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of

raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale or purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby

or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial

institution; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against

financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in (a) through (i)

above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"FLNG Business" means the Group's title to and obligations related to certain assets used in the development and design of a floating liquefied natural gas production unit and plans and projects for utilisation of such unit.

"FLNG Transaction" means (i) the on-going reorganisation process whereby the FLNG Business has been transferred to a new entity named Hoegh FLNG Ltd., and (ii) the process to seek potential partners/investors for the Group's FLNG Business (which may include accepting dividend restrictions required by a partner or investor providing capital to the new entity).

"Free Cash" means on any date the aggregate of (i) the Group's Cash and Cash Equivalents, and (ii) a proportionate share of the JV Companies' Cash and Cash Equivalents, calculated on the basis of the percentage of the participation held by the Group in that JV Company.

5(35)

"Free Group Cash" means on any date the Group's Cash and Cash Equivalents. For the avoidance of doubt, Free Group Cash shall not include Cash and Cash Equivalents held by any JV Company.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and all its current and future Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries.
"Høegh Family" means, collectively, Morten W. Høegh and Leif O. Høegh, and each of their direct linear descendants (the "Individuals"), the personal estate of any of the Individuals and any companies or trusts of which the Individuals, respectively, are principal beneficiaries.
"Interest Payment Date" means 3 January, 3 April, 3 July and 3 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 3 October 2012.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"JV Company" means any current and/or future company or partnership (other than an MLP) in which the Issuer (directly or indirectly) holds an ownership interest incorporated or established for the purpose of owning, developing and/or constructing any maritime operating vessel or any other operation which is substantially within the business that the Group is conducting at the date of this Bond Agreement, and which is not a Subsidiary of the Issuer.
"Managers" means the managers for the Bond Issue.
"Margin" means 6.00% per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group (including the JV Companies) taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement.
"Material Company" means:
(a) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 5% of the total consolidated assets of the Group, or
(b) any Subsidiary whose consolidated total income represents at least 5% of the consolidated total income of the Group, or
6(35)

(c) any Material JV Company, or
(d) any other Subsidiary or JV Company to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of the assets of another Subsidiary or JV Company which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Company or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary or JV Company would have been a Material Company had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date.
"Material JV Company" means any JV Company whose (i) total assets exceeds at least 5% of the combined total assets of the Group and the JV Companies and/or (ii) total income exceeds at least 5% of the aggregate of the combined total income of the Group and the JV Companies.
"Maturity Date" means 3 October 2017 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"MLP" means a limited partnership whose units are traded on a regulated market place or securities exchange and (i) which has been established by a sponsor; (ii) which is managed by its board of directors; (iii) which has a general partner and a number of limited partners as investors; and (iv) in which distributions are paid to the partners based on "available cash" with an aim of maximizing the MLP's distributions.
"MLP Internal Transaction" means an internal reorganisation, including any hive-down, transfer or series of transfers of assets or otherwise, between Group Companies, to facilitate a subsequent transfer of assets from one or more Group Companies to an MLP or any Subsidiary of an MLP.
"MLP RCF" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 13.4(e).
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two - 2 - Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two - 2 - Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Bank to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as
7(35)

defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Pro-forma Equity Ratio" means Book Equity to Pro-forma Total Assets.
"Pro-forma Equity Ratio 2" means Book Equity to Pro-forma Total Assets 2.
"Pro-forma Total Assets" means, at any time, Total Assets plus, to the extent not included in the Total Assets pursuant to GAAP, any capital expenditures incurred or committed after the date of this Bond Agreement (except for any capital expenditures incurred or committed in respect of the three vessels under the newbuilding program of the Group in place at the date of this Bond Agreement and any capital expenditures incurred or committed in respect of any Qualifying Bareboat Charter).
"Pro-forma Total Assets 2" means, at any time, Total Assets plus the capitalised total value of any future committed Qualifying Bareboat Charters.
"Qualifying Bareboat Charter" means a bareboat charter entered into by a Group Company in respect of a vessel or a unit where such Group Company no later than the time on which the bareboat charter becomes binding on the parties thereto has entered into a time charter for the employment of such vessel or unit for a term that expires 5 years or more after the Maturity Date, and where the Group Company's counterparty either:
(a) has a credit rating of at either BBB- or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, Baa3 or higher by Moody's Investors Service Limited or BBB(low) or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd.; or
(b) is a Subsidiary of a company with a credit rating as set out in paragraph (a) above.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
8(35)

"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.

"Subsequent MLP Transfer" means a transfer of the all or a percentage of the direct or indirect ownership interest in a vessel or a vessel owning entity from a Group Company to an MLP after such MLP's initial public offering in accordance with the terms of this Bond Agreement.

"Subsidiary" means a person (other than an MLP) over which another person has decisive influence due to (i) direct or indirect ownership of shares or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. A person (other than an MLP) shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another person if such person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the person, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the person.

"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.

"Total Assets" means the consolidated book assets of the Issuer, calculated in accordance with GAAP.

"Total Interest Bearing Debt" means the consolidated book value of the Issuer's total interest-bearing debt, less any interest-bearing debt of any Group Company or JV Company financed on a non-recourse basis, calculated in accordance with GAAP.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of

directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether

through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and

9(35)

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).
2. THE BONDS 2.1 Binding nature of the Bond Agreement 2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by
the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders' behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and since all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement, all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1. 2.1.2 The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. 2.2 The Bonds 2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 750,000,000 (Norwegian kroner seven hundred and fifty million). The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 1,000,000 each and rank pari passu between themselves.
The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd. Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017".
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 066095.4.
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.
2.3 Purpose and utilization 2.3.1 The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be employed for general corporate purposes of the Issuer. 3. LISTING 3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.
4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER 4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities
Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.
10 (35)

4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.

4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.

4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.
6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two - 2 - Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the relevant individuals' authorization to sign on behalf of the Issuer;

(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) the Memorandum of Association and Bye-Laws of the Issuer;

(e) the latest Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;

(f)

confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities

Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning

prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g) evidence that an exemption has been obtained from the prospectus requirements under Bermuda law and, to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

11 (35)

(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;

(i)

written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required by the Bond Trustee);

(j)

the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(k) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Managers in connection with the Bond Issue;

(l)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee; and

(m) legal opinion confirming that the Issuer is duly incorporated and existing under the laws of Bermuda and that it has executed the Bond Agreement and the agreement referred to in Clause 14.2.

6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.

6.3 The Issuer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Bond Trustee any statement or legal opinion in connection with the Bond Issue (pre and post Issue Date) reasonably required by the Bond Trustee.

6.4 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Managers and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.5 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.4, the Managers shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status

The Issuer is an exempted company limited by shares, duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of Bermuda and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

The Issuer has the power to enter into and perfonn, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations

12 (35)

of the Issuer, enforceable against it in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its Memorandum of Association, Bye-Laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.

(e) No Event o fDefault

No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)

Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation

Except as publicly disclosed by the Issuer prior to the date of this Bond Agreement, no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(h) Financial Statements

The audited most recent Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i)

No undisclosed liabilities

13 (35)

As of the date of the Financial Statements for 2011, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments, that were not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.

(j)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the Financial Statements for 2011, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) No misleading information

All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest publicly available financial information concerning the Group.

(l)

Environmental compliance

The Issuer and each Group Company and JV Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Intellectualproperty

The Group and each JV Company has undisputed, valid and good title to its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered).

(n) No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(o) Paripassu ranking

The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(p) Encumbrances

No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Group Company or JV Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.

14 (35)

7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.

7.4 hr the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by the Issuer herein.

8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY
8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2 The Bonds are unsecured.

9. INTEREST
9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falling in January 2013.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date or one Merest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but excluding, the next following applicable Merest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

9.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Merest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Merest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Merest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Merest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and, if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

X

Floating

Rate

X

Floating Rate

Day Count Fraction

15 (35)

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION 10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.
10.2 Call Option 10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem parts of the Bond Issue or the entire Bond Issue as follows (Call
Option): (a) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in October 2015 to, but not
including, the Interest Payment Date in October 2016 at 106% of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and
(b) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in October 2016 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at 103.5% of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.
10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty - 30 - Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.
10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).
10.2.4 On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.
10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
10.3 Change of Control or De-listing 10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of (i) a Change of Control Event or (ii) a De-listing Event each
Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest. 10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised by the Bondholders within sixty - 60 - days after the Bond Trustee has given notification to the Bondholders of a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after the Bond Trustee has received notice thereof from the Issuer and the Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee immediately after (to the Issuer's knowledge) a Change of Control Event or De-listing Event has taken place. The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be no more than seventy-five - 75 - days after the Bondholders received notice of the relevant Change of Control Event or De-listing Event from the Bond Trustee.
16 (35)

.11 PAYMENTS
11.1 Payment mechanics 11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond
Agreement by crediting the hank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.
11.1.2 Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
11.1.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
11.2 Set-off and counterclaims 11.2.1 The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment
obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
11.3 Interest in the event of late payment 11.3.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the
unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.3.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.3 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.
11.3.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 -15.4.
11.4 Irregular payments 11.4.1 In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of
other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.
12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at
the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13. COVENANTS
13.1 General
13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.
13.1.2 The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders' Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.
17 (35)

13.2 Information Covenants
13.2.1 The Issuer shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements annually and Quarterly Financial Report quarterly and make them available on its website and by sending them to the Bond Trustee (and via the distribution system at the Oslo Stock Exchange from the time of listing of the bonds) in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than one-hundred-and-twenty - 120 - days after the end of the financial year and sixty - 60 - days after each Quarter Date;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors'

notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in relation to mergers, de

mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(i)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial

condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2 The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.
13.2.3 The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of Hoegh LNG AS (the manager of the Issuer). In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the noncompliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

18 (35)

13.3 General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking

The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company or JV Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or such Group Company or JY Company with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such proposed transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company or JV Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or such Group Company or JV Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such proposed transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation o f business

(i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company or JV Company shall, cease to carry out its respective business if this could have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group or any JV Company from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.

(e) Disposal o f business, assets or operations

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company or JV Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its respective assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, unless:

(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and

(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)

Exceptions

19 (35)

The restrictions set out in paragraphs (b)-(d) of this Clause 13.3 and in paragraph (a) of Clause 13.4 shall not apply to an FLNG Transaction made on fair market terms or an MLP Internal Transaction, provided that any such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters (a) Intra-group transactions
All transactions between any Group Companies shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies
The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company or JV Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company or JV Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company or JV Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) any person controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company or JV Company than would have prevailed in arm's length transaction with a third party.
All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(c) Ownership to Material Companies
The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any Material Company, and shall cause each Material Company not to issue or sell any new shares, treasury shares or other ownership interest in such Material Company, to any third party, unless such transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and further provided that such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Subsidiaries 'and JV Companies 'distributions
The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary or JV Company to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or Encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary or JV Company to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) pay any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer, make any loans to the Issuer, or (iii) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer, except to the extent required (A) to comply with customary cash waterfall provisions, financial covenants or similar restrictions in financing agreements or any agreements governing any JV Company in place at the date of this Bond Agreement or (B) by restrictions similar to those set out in (A) in any agreement which may be entered into by and/or relating to a Group Company or JV Company after the date of this Bond Agreement, in each case to the
20 (35)

extent the regulation in such new agreements could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Financial assistance restrictions

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company or JV Company shall, grant any loan, guarantee or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of security) to any third party not being a member of the Group (including JV Companies), other than in the ordinary course of business, provided, however, that a Group Company may provide a revolving credit facility that ranks senior to the unitholders' rights to receive distributions from the MLP and matures on or after 31 December 2017, at market terms, to an MLP (an "MLP RCF") in the maximum amount of USD 145 million and with maturity on or after 31 December 2017, to be used to fund such MLP working capital requirements and its distributions, as long as no Encumbrance is created or permitted to subsist over any such Group Company's rights or interest under any such revolving credit facility, and further provided that the maximum amount available to be drawn by such MLP under such revolving credit facility does not exceed:

(i) from the time of such MLP's initial public offering until completion of the initial Subsequent MLP Transfer, USD 85 million;

(ii) from the time of completion of each Subsequent MLP Transfer, an amount equal to the amount of the applicable drawing limit immediately prior to such Subsequent MLP Transfer plus an amount equal to the product of (A) USD 20 million; and (B) the percentage of the direct or indirect ownership interest in the vessel or the vessel owning entity subsequent to the Subsequent MLP Transfer being transferred to such MLP; and

(iii) at any times, USD 145 million.

(f)

Corporate status

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Company shall, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.

(g) Compliance with laws

The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all Group Companies and JV Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).

(h) Litigations

The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:

21 (35)

(i) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against any Group Company or JV Company; and

(ii) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

(i)

Insurance

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each Group Company and each JV Company will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its properties and business against such liabilities, casualities and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice.

(j)

Incurrence o f capital expenditures

The Group shall not incur or commit to any capital expenditures after the date of this Bond Agreement (such as ordering new vessels/units) unless the Issuer's Pro-forma Equity Ratio subsequent to such incurrence is equal to or higher than 30% (tested on the next Quarter Date).

(k) Bareboat charters

No Group Company shall enter into any bareboat charter unless:

(i) it is a Qualifying Bareboat Charter; and

(ii) the Issuer's Pro-forma Equity Ratio 2 is equal to or higher than 25% (tested on the next Quarter Date).

(l)

Ownership interest in the MLP

If the Issuer establishes an MLP, the Issuer shall at all times retain a direct or indirect ownership interest in such MLP of at least 25%.

13.5 Preservation of equity and Financial Covenants (a) Dividends and other distributions

The Issuer shall not make, declare or undertake any Distribution at any time prior to 31 December 2014.

At any time after 31 December 2014, any such Distributions shall not:

(i) exceed in aggregate during any calendar year 50% of the Issuer's consolidated net profit after taxes (excluding any net profit of any Group Company realised from the establishment of an MLP or the subsequent de-consolidation of such MLP from the Issuer's Financial Statements) based on the audited Financial Statements for the previous financial year; or

22 (35)

I
(ii) be made unless, subsequent to the Distribution, (A) the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets is at least 30%; and (B) the Free Group Cash is no less then USD 50,000,000.
Any un-utilized portion of the permitted Distribution may not be carried forward.
(b) Minimum Free Group Cash and Free Cash
The Issuer undertakes to maintain (i) Free Group Cash in a minimum amount of USD 40,000,000, and (ii) Free Cash in a minimum amount equal to 5% of the Total Interest Bearing Debt.
(c) Minimum Book Equity
The Issuer undertakes to maintain (on a consolidated basis) a Book Equity of no less than the higher of (i) USD 200,000,000; and (ii) 27.5% of Total Assets.
(d) Financial testing
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above financial covenants at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date by reference to the Financial Statements or Quarterly Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 13.2.1(d).
14. FEES AND EXPENSES 14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and
fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and nonnal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
23 (35)

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:

(a) Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within five -5 - Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach o f other obligations

The Issuer fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten - 10 Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c)

Cross default

If, in relation to the Issuer or any Subsidiary or JV Company, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of USD 8 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies:

(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).

(d) Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(e)

Insolvency

If for the Issuer or any Subsidiary or JV Company:

24 (35)

(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets.

(f)

Creditors'process

The Issuer or any Subsidiary or JV Company has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.

(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings

The Issuer or any Subsidiary or JV Company is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Issuer or any Subsidiary or JV Company.

(h) Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company or JV Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.

(i)

Litigation

There is current, pending or threatened any claim, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding, other than as has been publicly disclosed by the Issuer prior to the date of this Bond Agreement, against any Group Company or JV Company which, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

Material adverse effect

Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company or JV Company which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

25 (35)

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2.
16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting 16.1.1 The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in
all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds. 16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of: (a) the Issuer,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds,
(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or
(d) the Bond Trustee.
16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.
26 (35)

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten - 10-Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.
16.2.4 Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten - 10 - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.
16.2.5 The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.
16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.
16.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.2.9 Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.
16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.
16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.
16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' meetings
16.3.1 At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.
27 (35)

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.
16.3.3 hi order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.
16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.
16.3.5 hi the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required: (a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.
16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.
16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting 16.4.1 If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated
Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting. 16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented. 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE 17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
17.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.
28 (35)

17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.
17.1.3 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
17.1.4 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five - 5 - Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 formatters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.
17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.
17.2 Liability and indemnity
17.2.1 The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.
17.2.2 The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.
17.3 Change of Bond Trustee
17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
17.3.2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if
29 (35)

the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable. 17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement. 18. MISCELLANEOUS 18.1 The community of Bondholders 18.1.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that: (a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement,
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders,
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register,
(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other,
(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement.
(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders,
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that
(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance 18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see
Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance"); (a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the
Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (including under US federal or
30 (35)

Norwegian laws, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;

(c) no Event of Default shall have occmred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment of the pledge;

(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon the Issuer, or the Memorandum of Association, Bye-Laws or other corporate documents governing the Issuer;

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by Hoegh LNG AS' Chief Executive Officer (the manager of the Issuer) that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(f)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion

reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge

(including certificate from Chief Executive Officer of Hoegh LNG AS (the manager

of the Issuer) and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions

for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge

(i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of the Issuer, (ii) will constitute a

valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the

benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) after the 181st day following the establishment,

the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable

bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights

generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was

established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;
(a) the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1(a), (e), (h) and (i);

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that no Group Companies shall) take any action that may cause the value of the security interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the security interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c)

all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (b) above) shall remain fully

in force without any modifications.

31 (35)

18.2.3 All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof. Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.
18.3 Limitation of claims 18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and
principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18. 18.4 Access to information 18.4.1 The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged. 18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register. 18.5 Amendments 18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto. 18.6 Notices, contact information 18.6.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no. 18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange. 18.6.3 Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows: (a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;
(b) if by telefax, when received.
However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.
18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons
32 (35)

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue 18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond
Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law. 18.7.2 Subject to Clause 18.7.3, all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue. 18.7.3 Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.
33 (35)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

ATTACHMENT 1 Compliance certificate

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

HOEGH LNG HOLDINGS LTD. BOND AGREEMENT 2012/2017 - ISIN 001 066095.4

We refer to the Bond Agreement (as as amended by the First Amendment Agreement dated 10 October 2013 and amended and restated by the Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement dated [·] July 2014) for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied.

3. in accordance with Clause 13.5(b) the Free Group Cash

is [].

4. in accordance with Clause 13.5(b) the Free Cash is [ ].

5. in accordance with Clause 13.5(c) the Book Equity is [ ].

Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

For Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd.

Name: Title: [ Chief Executive Officer / Chief Financial Officer] of Hoegh LNG AS as managers of the Issuer

34 (35)

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]
35 (35)

