To the bondholders in: ISIN: NO 001 0724818

CLEARWATER
CAPITAL PARTNERS
* First Priority Oro Negro Impetus Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2015

Hong Kong, 13 February 2015
Clearwater Statement regarding Bondholders' Meeting
Dear Bondholders
We refer to the Bondholders' Meeting held on 12 February 2015 in respect of the bond agreement dated 4 December 2014 (the "Bond Agreement"). Capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Bond Agreement unless otherwise stated herein.
First of all, thank you all for your attention to this matter and particularly those of you who voted at the Bondholders' Meeting and/or attended by conference call. We appreciate the time and effort that you dedicated to this.
We also appreciate the cordial and professional way in which the representatives of Nordic Trustee handled what was clearly a difficult issue for them given the subject matter.
As you will know from Nordic Trustee's announcement following the Bondholders' Meeting, whilst the majority of Bondholders who voted supported the resolutions to replace Nordic Trustee as Bond Trustee and Security Agent, the meeting itself was not quorate by a very slim margin of 0.29%.
Whilst we have a right pursuant to Clause 16.4 of the Bond Agreement to summons a further meeting so that Bondholders can vote again on the resolutions we proposed (with no quorum requirement) we have concluded that it is not in the Issuer's best interests (and, therefore, the Bondholders' collective best interests) to further prolong this process. We trust however that Nordic Trustee has now received a clear message from the majority of voting Bondholders.
We will therefore not be exercising our right to summons a repeated Bondholders' Meeting at this time, but look forward instead to the Issuer securing a drilling contract for the Impetus Rig in the near future.

Clearwater Capital Partners Pacific IV, Ltd.
Suite 320i), No.9 Queen's Road Central * Hong Kong  www.clearwatercp.com New York  Beijing  Hong Kong  Mumbai  Seoul  Singapore

