Final terms 25 November 2013

Term Sheet

ISIN: NO 0010697279

Salamander Energy plc Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2020 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")

Settlement Date: Expected to be 6 December 2013

Issuer:

Salamander Energy plc (incorporated in England and Wales, company registration number 05934263).

Group:

Means the Issuer and all its (directly or indirectly owned) Subsidiaries from time to time, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.

Currency:

USD

Issue Amount:

USD 150,000,000

Coupon Rate:

9.75% p.a., semi-annual interest payments.

Settlement Date:

Expected to be 6 December 2013. Notice is expected to be given to Subscribers minimum two (2) banking days prior to Settlement Date.

Final Maturity Date: 6 January 2020 (6 years and 1 month after Settlement Date).

First Interest Payment 30 June 2014 Day:

Last Interest Payment Final Maturity Date. Day:

Interest Payments:

Interest on the Bonds will start to accrue on Settlement Date and shall be payable semiannually in arrears on the interest payment days of 30 June and 31 December each year (save for the first Interest Payment Day which will occur on 30 June 2014 instead of 31 December 2013 and the last Interest Payment Day which will occur on the Final Maturity Date instead of 31 December 2019) (each an "Interest Payment Day") and on the Final Maturity Date. Day-count fraction for coupon is "30/360", business day convention is "unadjusted" and business day is "Oslo and New York".

Issue Price:

100% of par value.

Amortization:

The Bonds shall be repaid in full at the Final Maturity Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).

Nominal Value:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 200,000 each.

Minimum Subscription:

Minimum subscription amount and allotment shall be USD 200,000.

1

Use of proceeds:

The net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of legal costs, fees of the Manager and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be applied towards the general corporate purposes of the Group, including:
(i) refinancing of existing indebtedness, including the USD 50 million outstanding under the Kerendan Facility (as defined below) and (at the discretion of the Issuer) up to USD 100 million of the Convertible Bond (as defined below); and
(ii) financing Field Development Costs (as defined below) related to the maturing of discovered 2C resources into 2P reserves and conversion of reserves into production through additional stages of development in the Greater Bualuang Area, the Greater Kerendan Area and Onshore Northeast Thailand.

Status of the Bonds: Call Options (American):
Greater Bualuang Area:

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt of the Issuer and shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior claims on the Issuer except for obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of any subordinated capital. The Bonds are unsecured.
The Issuer may redeem the Outstanding Bonds (in whole or in parts) at any time from and including:
(i) the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day falling on 31 December 2016, at a price equivalent to the sum of:
a. the present value of 104.875% of par value as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Day falling on 31 December 2016;
b. the present value of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued interest) to and including the Interest Payment Day falling on 31 December 2016; and
c. accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds,
both a. and b. above calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the date falling on 31 December 2016) on the 10th business day prior to the redemption date. The call notice shall be provided no later than 10 business days prior to the redemption date;
(ii) the Interest Payment Day falling on 31 December 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day falling on 31 December 2017 at a price equal to 104.875% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds);
(iii) the Interest Payment Day falling on 31 December 2017 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day falling on 31 December 2018 at a price equal to 103.25% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds);
(iv) the Interest Payment Day falling on 31 December 2018 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day falling on 30 June 2019 at a price equal to 101.625% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds); and
(v) the Interest Payment Day falling on 30 June 2019 to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).
Means an area of 6,201 sq. km. located offshore Thailand comprising block number B8/38 and G4/50, and containing inter alia the Bualuang oil field. The Group's current ownership interest in both block B8/38 and G4/50 is 100%.

2

Greater Kerendan Area:

Means an area of 12,303 sq. km. located onshore Indonesia covered by the Bangkanai PSC, the NE Bangkanai PSC and the West Bangkanai PSC, and containing inter alia the Kerendan gas field. The Group's current ownership interest in the Bangkanai PSC, the NE Bangkanai PSC and the West Bangkanai PSC is 70%, 100% and 100%, respectively.

Onshore Northeast Thailand:

Means an area of 1,676 sq. km. located onshore northeast Thailand comprising block number EU1 and E5N, containing the Sinphuhorm gas field, L15/43 and L27/43, containing the Dong Mun gas discovery.

The Group's current ownership interest in block number EU1, E5N, L15/43 and L27/43, is held indirectly through its 27.2% equity stake in APICO. APICO's ownership interest in block number EU1, E5N, L15/43 and L27/43 is 35%, 35%, 100% and 100% respectively and The Group's indirect ownership interest in block number EU1, E5N, L15/43 and L27/43 is consequently 9.5%, 9.5%, 27.2% and 27.2% respectively.

Hydrocarbon Assets:

Means each of the licences, PSCs and blocks held by any Group Company at any time (each a "Hydrocarbon Asset").

Field Development Costs:

Means at all times, capital costs relating to the development of the Hydrocarbon Assets (and as recognized as capital costs according to IFRS) including without limitation the costs of development wells, production platforms and associated facilities, subsea facilities, oil and gas processing, compression and storage facilities, offshore and onshore pipelines and any other relevant facilities and infrastructure used for the extraction of oil and gas from the Hydrocarbon Assets (as defined above), abandonment and any payments to make provision for abandonment costs, and costs relating to reinstating any damaged facilities.

Reserved Based Lending Facility:

Means the up to USD 350 million reserve based lending facility dated 17 December 2012, as amended from time to time.

Kerendan Bridge Facility:

Means the USD 50 million bridge facility dated 17 December 2012, as amended from time to time.

Convertible Bond:

Means the USD 100 million unsecured convertible bond issued by the Issuer on 30 March 2010 with final maturity 30 March 2015, as amended from time to time.

Conditions Precedent:

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bond Issue (net of legal costs, fees of the Manager and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) from the Manager to the Issuer will be subject to certain conditions precedent, to the satisfaction of the Trustee, as customary for these types of transactions, including (but not limited to):
a) the Bond Agreement duly executed;
b) confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur as a result of the issuance of the Bonds;
c) an agreement between the Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees duly executed;
d) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to execute the Finance Documents;
e) confirmation from the Issuer that no financial indebtedness, security or financial support exists (other than as set out in this Term Sheet); and
f) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Trustee in respect of the Bond Agreement having been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee.
The Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of certain Conditions Precedent at its sole discretion.

Issuer's General Undertakings:

During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general undertakings:

3

Issuer's Special Undertakings:

a) Mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or such Group Company with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
b) De-mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or such Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
c) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. Further, the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, cease to carry on its business if such cessation would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group and/or the Issuer from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement.
d) Operations: The Issuer shall ensure that the operations of any Group Company are conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations of material importance to the business of such Group Company.
e) Insurances: The Issuer shall ensure that each other Group Company will maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters, adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as would normally be maintained by owners and/or operators owning similar assets to those owned by the relevant Group Company, acting in accordance with good industry practice in their relevant jurisdiction.
f) Reporting: The Issuer shall of its own accord make management and financial reports (semi-annually, on a consolidated basis) available to the Trustee and on its web pages for public distribution not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 90 days after the end of the relevant interim period (or such earlier date if needed in order to comply with any listing requirement of the Bonds or shares of the Issuer) (each a "Reporting Date"). Such reports shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS, and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the board of directors. For the avoidance of doubt, for so long as the Issuer's ordinary shares are listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange, the Issuer's interim and annual accounts produced according to the regulations of those two bodies shall meet the requirements of the foregoing two sentences.
g) Arm's length transactions: The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any other Group Company to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any related third party (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, other Group Companies) (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such other Group Company's business and upon fair and reasonable arm's length terms.
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following special undertakings:
a) Distribution restrictions: The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions or payments to its shareholders, whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect (a "Distribution"), if (i) the Issuer is not, taking account
4

Permitted Financial Indebtedness:

of such Distribution, in compliance with the Incurrence Test (as defined below), or (ii) an Event of Default has occurred or occurs as a consequence of such Distribution.
b) Disposal of assets/business: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations (including shares in Subsidiaries or in APICO LLC) unless:
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction does not have or could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and
(iii) taking into account such transaction, on a pro-forma basis, the Issuer is in compliance with the Leverage Ratio contained in the Financial Covenants, based on the Group's consolidated numbers as reported on the most recent Semi-annual Date; and
(iv) in the event of a single or a series of asset sales or disposals with net cash proceeds (after repayment of any relevant Permitted Financial Indebtedness pertaining to the relevant asset) exceeding USD 50 million within one calendar year, the Issuer (or any Group Company) may apply such proceeds to fund: (i) Field Development Costs; (ii) acquisitions of interests in Hydrocarbon Assets which are Development Assets (as defined below); and/or (iii) acquisitions of entities which own Hydrocarbon Assets which are Development Assets. If such application is not committed within 180 days and payment made within 270 days after such disposal (or, in the case of a series of disposals, the disposal which causes such aggregate amount of USD 50 million to be exceeded), then the Issuer shall offer to the bondholders to redeem Bonds (a put option) in an amount equal to 50% of the net cash proceeds which remain after deducting any amount which has been so applied to fund Field Development Costs and/or acquisitions (the "Put Amount") at 100% of par value plus accrued interest up to and including the settlement date for such put option. If the aggregate amount of exercised put options exceeds the Put Amount, there shall be a pro-rata reduction. Any amount of such proceeds not applied to redemption of any Bonds may be retained by the Group.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer or any other Group Company, shall be entitled to carry out Hydrocarbon Asset portfolio transactions (including farm-outs), provided that such Hydrocarbon Asset portfolio transactions are compliant with (i)-(iv) above.
c) Financial indebtedness restrictions: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than the Permitted Financial Indebtedness (as defined below).
d) Negative pledge: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or other encumbrance over any of its present or future assets (including shares in the Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the Permitted Security (as defined below).
e) Financial support restrictions: The Issuer shall not grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of security) ("Financial Support") to or for the benefit of any other Group Company or other third party, other than:
(i) Financial Support in relation to this Bond Issue; (ii) Financial Support in connection with Permitted Financial Indebtedness; and (iii) Financial Support in relation to the Permitted Security.
Means:
a) Financial Indebtedness incurred in relation to this Bond Issue;
5

Permitted Security: Incurrence Test:

b) Financial Indebtedness incurred in relation to the Convertible Bond; c) Financial Indebtedness incurred in relation to the Reserve Based Lending Facility; d) any other secured Financial Indebtedness provided by banks, multi-lateral agencies or
export credit agencies and incurred for the purpose of financing acquisition or development of any future Hydrocarbon Asset(s) or of the shares of any entity owning any Hydrocarbon Asset; e) any unsecured bonds issued by the Issuer with a maturity date falling after the Final Maturity Date of the Bonds, without any amortization until after the Final Maturity Date of the Bonds and without any Financial Support from any other Group Company; f) any Financial Indebtedness under any hedging arrangements as part of the Issuer's ordinary course of business and for non-speculative purposes; for the avoidance of doubt the Issuer may not, whether under a hedging arrangement or any other agreement be permitted to incur, create or permit any financial arrangement whereby any party is granted any right to a payment as a percentage or other proportion of the Issuer's present or future sales proceeds, income, earnings, or revenue deriving directly or indirectly from the Hydrocarbon Assets (whether secured or unsecured); g) any guarantee issued (to governments and other third parties) in the ordinary course of business in relation to Hydrocarbon Assets held or obtained by any Group Company; h) any intra-group loan from any Group Company to another Group Company provided that any such Financial Indebtedness owed by the Issuer is subordinated to the Bond Issue in accordance with the definition of Subordinated Loans below; i) any unsecured Subordinated Loans to the Issuer (as defined below); j) any Financial Indebtedness under finance or capital lease of vehicles, equipment, computers, production, storage and export facilities or other relevant asset incurred in the ordinary course of business; k) any Financial Indebtedness in relation to letters of credit: issued in respect of the Group's obligations in the ordinary course of business; issued in respect of decommissioning; required under any applicable law; or otherwise up to an aggregate amount of USD 30 million; l) any other Financial Indebtedness not referred to above up to an aggregate amount of USD 10 million for the purpose of funding working capital requirements of any Group Company; m) Financial Indebtedness incurred in relation to the Kerendan Bridge Facility until prepaid and cancelled; and n) any refinancing, amendment or replacement of any of (c)-(l) above from time to time.
Means:
a) security granted in relation to any Permitted Financial Indebtedness listed in paragraphs (c), (d), (f), (g), (j), (k), (l), (m), and, to the extent relating to Financial Indebtedness described by any of the preceding paragraphs, (n);
b) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any Group Company (i) in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of Group Companies (if applicable) or (ii) under any hedging agreement;
c) any lien arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business; d) any security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale
arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to any Group Company in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by any such Group Company; and e) security not otherwise permitted above that secures obligations of any Group Company that do not exceed USD 5 million in value in aggregate at any one time.
Means that the Leverage Ratio does not exceed 3.0x, calculated on the basis of the Group's consolidated numbers as reported on the most recent Semi-annual Date.
6

Financial Covenants: Definitions:

The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants during the term of the Bond Issue:
a) Minimum Liquidity: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Liquidity of minimum USD 25 million.
b) Capital Employed Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Capital Employed Ratio of minimum 35% from the Settlement Date to and including 31 December 2014, minimum 40% from 1 January 2015 to and including 31 December 2016, and minimum 45% anytime thereafter.
c) Leverage Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Leverage Ratio not to exceed 3.5x.
d) Interest Cover Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Interest Cover Ratio of minimum 5.0x.
The Issuer undertakes to be in compliance with the above Financial Covenants, such compliance to be measured on each Semiannual Date and certified by the Issuer with each annual financial statement and semi-annual financial statement on the respective Reporting Date. All Financial Covenants shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group.
"Acceptable Bank" means, in relation to the definition of Cash and Cash Equivalents below: a commercial bank, savings bank or trust company which has a rating of A or higher from Standard & Poor's Ratings Service or A2 or higher from Moody's Investor Service Limited or a comparable rating from a nationally recognized credit rating agency for its long term debt obligations.

"Adjusted Book Equity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with IFRS, adjusted for any future write-offs of capitalized exploration expenses which are existing as of 30 June 2013 and made in accordance with IFRS.
"Capital Employed Ratio" means the ratio of Adjusted Book Equity to the sum of Adjusted Book Equity plus Total Financial Indebtedness.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means on any date, the aggregate equivalent in USD on such date of the then current market value of: a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit
accounts with an Acceptable Bank; and b) time deposits with Acceptable Banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of
exchange accepted, by an Acceptable Bank; in each case to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at the time and to which any Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to security.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding and/or other arrangement and/or through the direct and/or indirect ownership of shares and/or other ownership interests in another person: a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that
other person.
"Development Asset" means any Hydrocarbon Asset in respect of which the development plan (or equivalent) has been submitted to the relevant authorities for approval.

7

"EBITDAX" means, in relation to any 12-month period, the consolidated profit on ordinary activities of the Group: a) before deduction of any tax on such activities during such 12-month period; b) before any extraordinary or exceptional items during such 12-month period; c) before deduction of any Interest Costs (as defined below) during such 12-month period; d) before any amount attributable to amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of
tangible assets; e) before deduction of exploration expenditure during such 12-month period (including a
deduction for pre-licence exploration expenses); f) after deducting the minority proportion of any profits of any non-wholly owned
Subsidiary in respect of which the Security Trustee (as defined below) does not have a charge over all of the share capital of such Subsidiary; g) after deducting any gain over book value and after adding back any loss on book value arising on the disposal of any fixed asset by any member of the Group (other than the sale of trading stock) during such 12-month period; and h) after including pro-rata the contribution attributable to any assets acquired or disposed of by any member of the Group during such 12 month period.
"Finance Document" means a) the Bond Agreement; b) the fee agreement between the Issuer and the Trustee; and c) any other document the Issuer and the Trustee designate as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: a) moneys borrowed; b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized
equivalent; c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes,
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which
would, in accordance with GAAP as applicable at the Settlement Date, be treated as a finance or capital lease; e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis); f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value shall be taken into account); h) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; i) any amount paid up or credited as paid up on any redeemable share capital; and j) without double-counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (i) above.
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, and guidelines and interpretations issued thereto by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Interest Costs" means, in relation to a 12-month period, the aggregate of interest and finance charges paid or payable by any Group Company (on a consolidated basis) in respect of Financial Indebtedness during such 12-month period including: a) commitment fees and discount and acceptance fees;
8

Material Adverse Effect:
Change of Control Event:
Change of Control Clause:

b) fees payable to any person for the issue by that person of any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss; and
c) amounts due under any swap, cap, floor, collar option or other derivative transaction (taking into account only the net indebtedness of the relevant person under that instrument at the relevant time) relating to protection against changes in interest rates,
but after deducting any interest received or receivable by any Group Company (on a consolidated basis) during such 12-month period.
"Interest Cover Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDAX to Interest Costs.
"Liquidity" means the aggregate book value of the freely available and unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Total Financial Indebtedness to EBITDAX.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Security Trustee" means Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited in its capacity as security trustee for the Reserved Based Lending Facility, or any other person that replaces it in such capacity in accordance with the loan agreement for the Reserve Based Lending Facility.
"Semiannual Date" means each 30 June and 31 December.
"Subordinated Loans" means debt financing provided to the Issuer that is subordinated in right of payment to the Bonds; and does not (i) mature or require any amortisation prior to the Final Maturity of the Bonds; and (ii) provide for its acceleration or confer any right to declare any event of default prior to the Final Maturity of the Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, payment of cash interest of any such loans is permitted only as long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has Decisive Influence.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with IFRS.
"Total Financial Indebtedness" means, the aggregate of all Financial Indebtedness of the Group on a consolidated basis.
Means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any Finance Document; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
Means: (i) if any person, or group of persons under the same Decisive Influence, or two or more
persons acting in concert obtains Decisive Influence over the Issuer; or (ii) a de-listing of the Issuer's shares from the London Stock Exchange or another
internationally recognized stock exchange (if applicable) that does not occur in connection with a listing of the Issuer's shares on another internationally recognized stock exchange.
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each bondholder shall have a right of prepayment (a "Put Option") of the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 calendar days following the notice of a Change of Control Event.

9

Event of Default:

The Bond Agreement shall include standard event of default provisions, including cross default provisions for the Issuer and any other Group Company on any single Financial Indebtedness in excess of USD 10 million (it being acknowledged that any event of default in respect of insolvency proceedings shall not apply to any winding-up petition or analogous action or procedure if such proceeding is being contested in good faith and is discharged or struck out within 14 days of the date on which such proceeding is initiated or which the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably) is satisfied to be frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of process.)

The Finance Documents will contain waterfall provisions in case of partial payments, i.e. first to cover costs, fees and expenses of the Trustee (the "Trustee Expenses") and thereafter any other outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents. In case the Issuer does not pay the Trustee for incurred fees, then the Trustee may seek funding of the Trustee Expenses from other sources, in which case the parties representing such other sources will be subrogated into the position of the Trustee, but subordinate any further Trustee Expenses.

Approvals:

The Bonds have been issued in accordance with the Issuer's Board approvals dated [] 2013.

Issuer's Ownership of The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion

Bonds:

be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Manager:

Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway.

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks NO-1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo.

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.

Paying Agent:

DNB Bank ASA

Listing of Bonds:

The Issuer will apply for the Bonds to be listed on, at the sole discretion of the Issuer, Nordic ABM or Oslo Børs.

Market Making:

No market-maker agreement has been or it is envisaged will be made for this Bond Issue.

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with issuance of the Bonds, but not in respect of trading of the Bonds in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and the Issuer shall deduct before payment to the bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

If the Issuer is required by law to make a tax deduction or withholding from any payment under the Bond Agreement, the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required tax deduction or withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no tax deduction or withholding had been required.

If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of the Bond Agreement, and such withholding tax cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value, plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee at least 30 days prior to the settlement date of the call, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.

10

Bond Agreement:

The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative, and it shall be based on Norwegian standard. The standard is available on the Trustee's webpage (http://www.trustee.no/Default.aspx).

The Bond Agreement shall regulate the bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail. The Bond Agreement shall include provisions where by repayment of principal amount upon default shall be equal to the call prices set out in Call Options above.

The subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement. Although minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur, the provisions in the Bond Agreement will be substantially consistent with those set forth in this Term Sheet.

Terms of Subscription:

Any subscriber of the Bonds specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders, who will execute and deliver Application Forms prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become bound by the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that by virtue of being registered as a bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the bondholders will be bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer.

Eligible Purchasers:

The Bonds shall only be offered to non-"U.S. persons" in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of Rule 902 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act. In addition to the application form that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB and has conducted its own investigation and obtained its own advice in respect of the Issuer and the Bonds. See further details in the Application Form and the Offering Memorandum.

The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada unless pursuant to the "accredited investor" exemption from applicable prospectus requirements in British Columbia, Alberta, Ontario and Quebec and then only to the extent the Manager is in compliance with the "international dealer" exemption from applicable registration requirements under applicable Canadian securities laws.

The Bonds may also be offered to accredited investors in the United Kingdom (such that Section 21(1) of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply to the Issuer), other European and any other jurisdictions that are agreed to by the Issuer and the Manager.

Transfer Restrictions:

Bondholders will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) an offshore transaction in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, including, in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act, including Rule 144 there under (if available).

11

Subject to:

The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada or to a purchaser in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the Settlement Date. These Canadian resale restrictions may in some circumstances apply to resale transactions made outside of Canada.
The issue of Bonds shall be subject to finalized bond documentation and approval of bond documentation by the Issuer and the Trustee.
London/Oslo, 25 November 2013

Salamander Energy plc as Issuer

Pareto Securities AS as Manager

12

