NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .trustee.no
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 036280.9 - 12.5 per cent Interoil Exploration and Production ASA Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2010

Oslo, 22 March 2010 PROPOSAL TO POSTPONE MATURITY - SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

1. BACKGROUND

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") is appointed as Loan Trustee for the bond issue with ISIN NOOO1036280.9 (the "Loan") issued by Interoil Exploration and Production ASA (the "Borrower").

The information in this summons regarding the Borrower and market conditions are provided by the Borrower, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

All capitalized terms shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Loan Agreements or the summons to this Bondholders meeting, unless otherwise stated herein.

The Loan is a senior unsecured bond issue with an outstanding amount of NOK 100 000 000. The Maturity Date is 29 March 2010.

Reference is made to various press releases from the Borrower where the Borrower states that they are working to put in place a refinancing of the debt.

According to the Borrower they are not in a position to repay the Loan until a refinancing is in place, and they do not expect to have such refinancing in place before the Maturity Date. According to the Borrower they expect to have a refinancing in place before 31 May 2010.

The Borrower has approached the Loan Trustee to convene a Bondholders meeting to consider a postponement of the Maturity Date of the Loan, as well as certain other changes to the Loan Agreement. Due to the Easter holidays, the Borrower has chosen to schedule the meeting after the Easter holidays, to accommodate Bondholders who would like to take part in the meeting. The Borrower will be present at the meeting to give information on the present status.

Further information regarding the situation and the process may also be published on www.stamdata.no. and the Bondholders are recommended to check the web site for updates.

For more information on the Proposal and the situation of the Borrower, Bondholders may contact

Kristen Jakobsen (Mobile : +47 915 48 408 / kristen@trafalgar.no) acting as the financial advisor for

the Borrower. MAILING ADDRESS

P.O.BOX 14 7 0 VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LOCATION 9 HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

p h o n e 9 +47 22 87 94 00 fax > +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr no 963 342 6 24 MVA e-mail m mai l @t r us t ee. no

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w '.iriLslcir.iio
2. THE PROPOSAL:
The Borrower proposes the following changes to the terms of the Loan.
a) The Maturity Date shall be amended from 29 March 2010 until 31 May 2010.
b) Interest shall be paid as scheduled on 29 March 2010. The interest payment shall include the late interest rate agreed on in connection with the Bondholders meeting held on 28 January 2010.
c) The Borrower shall for the period from 29 March 2010 until 31 May 2010, have the option to call the Loan at any time at 100% of par. Clause 10.2. of the Loan Agreement shall be amended to read:
"10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts o f the Loan or the entire Loan asfollows (Call Option):
(i) at any timefrom and including 29 March 2010 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at 100% o fpar plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed o f this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 20 - twenty - Banking Days before the date o f redemption.
Partial redemption o f the Loan must be carried outpro rata between the Bondholders wherebyfirst each bond with aface value ofNOK 500 000 is split into 500 000 bonds with aface value o fN O K 1 before carrying out the pro rata redemption.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.

The Loan shall continue to accrue interest at the rate agreed on (12.5% p.a. + 5% p.a.) in connection with the Bondholders Meeting held 28 January 2010, as set out in the Amendment Agreement dated 10 February 2010.
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposal is acceptable. In particular, the information relating to the expected refinancing and timing of the refinancing are entirely based on the statements made by the Borrower, and the Loan Trustee has not made any evaluation of the likelihood of the Borrower securing a refinancing within the postponed Maturity Date. The Bondholders should be aware that the Borrower may still have liquidity problems on the new Maturity Date even if the Bondholders accept the Proposal.

3. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

6 April 2010 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VHs gt 1,0161 Oslo - 5thfloor

-2-

Agenda:

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
www. Trustee, no

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Voting over the Proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondholders meeting resolves the Proposal as set out in section 2 o f this summons.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Loan represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.

Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

