Nordic Trustee ASA

Addendum 2 nd Tranche

1. Pursuant to the agreement related to the bond issue mentioned below (the "Bond Terms"), the Issuer and the Bond Trustee have entered into the following addendum (the "Addendum") as regards the issuing of an additional tranche under the Bond Issue:

Issuer: Bond Trustee: ISIN: Maximum amount: The Bond is an open issue up to: The Bond is increased with: Amount under the Bond issued after the increase: Date of Addendum: Tap Issue Date:

Songa Bulk ASA Nordic Trustee ASA NO 0010795891 USD 150,000,000 (USD hundredandfiftymillion) Five Banking Days prior to the Maturity Date USD 45,000,000 (USD fortyfivemillion) USD 120.000.000 (USD hundredandtwentymillion)
22 August 2017 23 August 2017

2. Words and expressions in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as under the Bond Terms. The Bond Terms and the Addendum shall be read and understood as a whole. This Addendum is a "Finance Document" under the Bond Terms.

3. Pursuant to the Bond Terms the provisions of the Bond Terms will apply to any subsequent tranches issued under the open issue and the rights and obligations of all parties apply also for later issues made within the maximum amount under the Bond Issue.

4. Disbursement of the second Tranche of the Bond Issue are subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents set out in of the Bond Terms, and the Bond Trustee assumes that said documents and representations and warranties, still are valid, binding and correct as if they were submitted at the Issue Date of the second Tranche. If any changes have occurred in the relevant documents, including Articles of Association, certificate of registration, authorisations and other documents, the Issuer undertakes, on its own initiative, to forward in reasonable time before Issue Date updated documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents.

5. The Issuer represents and warrants that with the exception of any circumstances made public by the Issuer, no circumstances have occurred including any litigation pending or threatening which would have an adverse material effect on the Issuer's financial situation or ability to fulfill its obligations under the Bond Terms or which would otherwise constitute an Event of Default under the Bond Terms.

Name: "TA/oM S

The Bond Trustee
Name: Morten S. Bredeser

This Addendum has been executed in two copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

