ISIN NO O01 030264.9
LOAN AGREEMENT between DNO ASA (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of Bondholders in the bond issue
FRN DNO ASA Callable Open Bond Issue 2006/2011

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 TheLoan

5

3 Listing

6

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

6

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

6

6. Conditions Precedent

7

7 Representations and Warranties

8

8 Status of the Loan

8

9 Interest

8

10 Maturity of the Loan

9

11 Interest in the event of late payment

10

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

10

13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan

10

14 Fees and expenses

11

15 Events of Default

12

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

13

17 Procedural rules

14

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

17

19 Change of Loan Trustee

17

20 Limitation

17

2 1 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into at 28 February 2006 between DNO ASA as Borrower (Company No 921 526 121) and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as Loan Trustee.
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
* The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that
information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
* The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders' subscription been granted authority to
act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:

- a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is
open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Borrower's Bonds: - bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower, any
party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Debt to Equity Ratio:

- means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt tu Equity.

Disbursement Date: - shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 6.3

Equity:

- means the aggregated book value of the shareholder equity in
the consolidated balance sheet of the Group.

Exchange:

- securities exchange or other approved market place for
securities with satisfactory requirements to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Group:

- the Borrower and all of its subsidiaries.

Interest Determination Date:- 28 February 2006 and thereafter two Banking Days prior to each
Interest Payment Date.

Interest Payment Date:

- Each 2 March, 2 June, 2 September and 2 December each year.
If the Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Interest Payment Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.

Net Interest Bearing

Debt:

- means the aggregate book value on consolidated basis of the

Group's interest bearing secured and unsecured debt (excluding

debt not appearing in the consolidated balance sheet) less the

Group's aggregate holdings on consolidated basis of cash and

cash equivalents. For the purpose of this definition, any zero

coupon loans shall also be included as interest bearing debt.

NIBOR:

- the interest rate rounded off to two decimal places for a 3 - three
- months period that is quoted on Reuters NIBR page at 12.00
noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date.

Should the contents of the Reuters NIBR page be changed such that, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee and the Borrower, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters system, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters' page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters NIBR did on the disbursement of the loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in subclause 9.3 of the Loan Agreement.

NIBOR -
Reference Banks:

- interest rate determined on the basis of the interest on deposits in
the inter-bank market in Oslo, quoted by the four largest authorised exchange banks in the Norwegian market at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination
in Oslo, for a 3 - three - months period, starting on the Interest
Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the
quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate

4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date for loans in Norwegian krone
to leading European banks for a 3 - three - months period
starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.

Remaining Loan: - the aggregate principal amount of all bonds outstanding in the
Loan less the principal amount of the bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through Securities Depository.

Reuters:

- financial information electronically distributed by the news
agency, Reuters Norge A / S

Outstanding Loan : - Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds

Securities Depository:

- the securities depository in which the Loan is registered.
On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirregisteret ("VPS")

Securities Depository act:

- the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities
depository.

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of bonds at maximum amount of NOK 1,000,000,000 (Nonvegiankronerthousandmillion),herein referred to as "the Loan". The Loan may comprise one or more tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranch will be in the amount of NOK 200,000,000 (Nonvegiankroner twohundredmillion).
The Borrower may - with the written consent from the Loan Trustee - decide to increase the Loan. The Bondholders shall be informed of such increase via the Securities Depository. The Exchange shall be informed if the Loan is listed.
The Loan is an open issue, from and including 2 March 2006 and will be closed no later than 5 Banking Days prior to 2 March 2011.
The bonds will be in denominations of NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "FRN DNO ASA Callable Open Bond Issue 2006/2011".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be: NO O01 0302649.
The term of the Loan is from and including 2 March 2006 to 2 March 2011.

5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The net proceeds of the Loan will be employed for the general financing of the Borrower.
2.2 All tranches under the Loan will be subject to identical terms in all respects. The rights and obligations of all parties to the Loan also apply for later issues made within the maximum amount of the Loan.
The Loan Trustee will on the issuing of additional tranches make an addendum to the Loan Agreement regulating the conditions precedent to disbursement of the relevant tranch.
3 Listing
3.1 The Loan will be applied for listing on Oslo Børs.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly mange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia:
- monitor the Borrower's fulfillment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement,
- ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholders' meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement,
- forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Loan Trustee, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and
6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
- provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstanceswhich are of importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have had knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfill its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholders' representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial position or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
6. Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the first tranche of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least three Banking days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly signed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the bonds and sign the Loan Agreement,
(c) certified copies of the Articles of Association of the Borrower and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(d) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the
Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmationthat the subscription
documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian Law,
(e) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(g) the agreement according to Clause 14.1 of the Loan Agreement, duly signed and
(h) any written documentationmade public in connectionwith the Loan.
6.2 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents accordingto the above.
7
6

Norsk Tiiiitaminn ASA
6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the first tranche of the Loan will be made available at 2 March 2006 (the "DisbursementDate").
6.4 The Borrower may issue further tranches of the Loan, c.f. subclause 2.2, provided that the documents earlier received by the Loan Trustee, c.f. subclause 6.1, are still valid and that the Borrower is not aware of any material adverse change c.f. subclause 7.1, and that the issue of a new tranch under the Loan is in compliance with laws and regulations as of the time the new tranch being issued.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that:
all documents and information, including the term sheet and loan description in connection with this Loan, presents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower's financial position which could have a material adverse change on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Loan Agreement,
all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid and
no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnifj the Loan Trustee for any financial losses suffered by the Loan Trustee as a result of a breach of the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein.
8 Status of the Loan
8.1 The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement are not secured by any mortgage, pledge or other security. The Loan shall rankparipassu with other existing unsecured senior debt of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
9 Interest and interest calculations
9.1 Interest accrues from and including 2 March 2006 based on NIBOR plus 2.50 percentage points. The interest rate is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus 2.50 percentage points.
8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The interest rate is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in June 2006.
9.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the Interest Determination Date based on NIBOR plus 2.50 percentage points. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus 2.50 percentage points.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least Moth of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Lord Chief Justice of the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement date to the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each interest fixing date to the next or the maturity date. The number of days is divided by 360.
10 Maturity of the Loan and Caii Option
10.1 The Loan will runwithout installments and mature in whole on 2 March 2011 at par (100%).
10.2 The Borrower may redeem the outstanding Loan or any portion of the Loan on 2 March 2009 at a price equal to 103 % of nominal value (the "Call Option"). Should the Borrower exercise the Call Option, the Bondholders must be informed of this in writing via VPS no later than 30 - thirty - Banlung Days before the date of redemption. The Exchange shall immediately be informed.
9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the bonds.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with subclause 10.2 shall be used for redemption of the Remaining Loan.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant interest Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Interest Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 3,OO percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf.
Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default o f the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim report,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders car>ital.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to c a y out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
( f ) ensure that the Group maintains a Debt to Equity Ratio of less than 3.0,
(g) deliver to the Loan Trustee a compliance certificate (confirmed by the Borrower's Chief Financial Officer or from such other person in the executive management of the Borrower) confirming fulfilments of the provisions of clause (e) above simultaneously with the disclosure or dispatch (as the case may be) of annual accounts mentioned in clause (b) above within the deadlines set out in the aforementioned clause (b), and
(h) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower`sfinancial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request.
13.2 The Borrower shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting pursuant to Clause 16:
(a) cease to carry on its business, or
(b) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature of its business which might jeopardise the Borrower's ability to comply with its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan will be deemed to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay on the Interest Payment Date any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Loan Agreement; provided, however,
that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five -
Banking Days after the Interest Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time,
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation to be performed under the Loan Agreement and such failure is not remedied within
10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan
Trustee,
(c) any other loan or indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, the Borrower exceeding a total
of NOK 1O million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies- is declared due
prior to its agreed maturity caused by an event of default by the Borrower,
(d) the Borrower shall enter into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place, or a substantial part of the Borrower's assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint, or
(e) the Borrower has presented the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders with incorrect or incomplete information, which has, or can have significant consequences for the Borrower's obligations and ability to comply with the terms of the Loan Agreement,
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstancesmentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) The Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan ,and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.

Norsk Tatsmann ASA
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses fi-omthose Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to litra a) above andor those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demsuiding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Loan Trustee, expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his Bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets,
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default. The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 d), provided that:
(a) the changes in the Borrower's corporate structure are not, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfillment of the Loan Agreement, or
13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfillment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee, and shall also advise that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written objection against the proposal, and such objection is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is fiee, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be
notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Loan,
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) The Loan Trustee.
A request for a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.

Norsk Tilliismann ASA
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request,
the Borrower or the relevant Bondholder(s) or - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have
the right to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3,
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days prior to the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository
to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the
Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and advise that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the attendance and the result of the votings at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be chaired by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be chaired by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Furthermore, the
decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the votings, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange
have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds have no voting rights and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes he has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/1O of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause 18.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/1O of the Outstanding Loan, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/1O or more of the Outstanding Loan ,valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not achieved, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman of the meeting, even if he is not a Bondholder or a proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting resulting in changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
In the event that less than 2/1O of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/1O of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower and/or Bondholders wish to replace the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 16.1 (a), or a change of the Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to decide on the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall propose a new loan trustee to the Bondholders' meeting. The
Bondholders, the Borrower and Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders'
meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as representative for the Bondholders until a new representative has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the Bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of this temporary representative shall be covered by the Borrower, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former Loan Trustee if the change is due to breach of the duties of the Loan Trustee under this Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the Loan Trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate and give the new loan trustee, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of its activities related to its follow-ups of the conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979No. 18.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
2 1.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.

Oslo, 28 February 2006

DNO ASA Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Loan Trustee

i-. h+ f

.......

..........

........................

J The Loan Agreement has een executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and
the Loan Trustee keep one each.

18

