Execution Version

Addendum

1. Pursuant to the agreement related to the bond issue mentioned below (the "Bond Agreement"), the Issuer and the Bond Trustee have entered into the following addendum (the "Addendum ") as regards the issuing of an additional tranche under the Bond Issue:

Issuer: Bond Trustee: ISIN: The Bond is an open issue up to: The Bond is increased with: Amount under the Bond issued after the increase: Date of Addendum: Issue Date:

HIGHCLERE HOLDINGS LIMITED Norsk Tillitsmann ASA NO 001 0672702 Five Business Days prior to 26/02/2016 $8,250,000 $28,250,000
23/07/2013 25/07/2013

2. Words and expressions in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as under the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement and the Addendum shall be read and understood as a whole.

3. Pursuant to Clause 2.5 o f the Bond Agreement, the provisions of the Bond Agreement will apply to any subsequent tranches issued under the open issue and the rights and obligations of all parties apply also for later issues made within the maximum amount under the Bond Issue.

4. Disbursement of the second tranche of the Bond Issue are subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents set out in of the Bond Agreement save that Schedule 3 o f the Bond Agreement that be replaced in its entirety with Schedule 1 of this Addendum, and the Bond Trustee assumes that said documents and representations and warranties, still are valid, binding and correct as if they were submitted at the Issue Date of the second tranche. If any changes have occurred in the relevant documents, including Articles of Association, certificate of incorporation, corporate authorisations and other documents, the Issuer undertakes, on its own initiative, to forward in reasonable time before Issue Date updated documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents.

5. The Issuer represents and warrants that with the exception of any circumstances made public by the Issuer, no circumstances have occurred including any litigation pending or threatening which would have an adverse material effect on the Issuer's financial situation or ability to fulfill its obligations under the Bond Agreement.

The Issuer

The Bond Trustee

This Addendum has been executed in two copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

UUX3CS/1J7SOJI 3

Norsk Tillitsmann AS
Schedule 1
Part I Conditions Precedent for Settlement of the Bonds (a) the Addendum to the Bond Agreement duly executed; (b) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to execute the
Addendum to the Bond Agreement;
Part II Conditions precedent for the release of the Escrow Account for the amount relating to the running of the Newco Group
(a) a duly executed release request from the Issuer in form and substance as set out in Schedule 2 of the Bond Agreement;
(b) a written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement in the form set out in Schedule 2 of the Bond Agreement;
(c) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with Clause 2.6 of the Bond Agreement;
(d) no Default is in existence or has occurred and is continuing; (e) all other Finance Documents duly executed (if applicable); (f) with respect to release of individual amounts up to USD50,000, the approval of the
board of directors of the Issuer (except that the board of directors of the Issuer shall not authorize the release of a series of amounts under USD50,000 where the aggregate amount is over USD250,000 in any one month); and (g) with respect to release of individual amounts in excess of USD50,000, or for aggregate amounts in excess of USD250,000 in any one month, the approval of Bondholders representing at least a majority of the principal amount of the Bonds (which authority may be provided in writing including by electronic mail). Part III Conditions Subsequent to be satisfied within thirty (30) Business Days of the Issue Date (a) the amendment to the Bond Mortgage has been duly entered into and perfected; and (b) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the Guarantor in relation to its entry into the amendment to the Bond Mortgage have been provided.
2 UKDOCS/1375021.3

