ISINNOOOl 0689763
AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 1
to
BOND AGREEMENT between
IONA ENERGY COMPANY (UK) PLC (Issuer)
IONA ENERGY INC. IONA UK HUNTINGTON LIMITED
(Guarantors)
and NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA (FORMERLY NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA)
(Bond Trustee) on behalf of
THE BONDHOLDERS in the bonds issue
9.50 per cent. Iona Energy Company (UK) Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018

7573390/3

Page 1 of 4

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 1 (the "Agreement") to the bond loan agreement originally dated 26 September 2013 among the parties (the "Bond Agreement") is made on ^ June 2014 by and between:

(1)

IONA ENERGY COMPANY (UK) PLC, (formerly Iona Energy Company (UK) Limited,

a company existing under the laws of Scotland with company registration number

SC335305) as Issuer;

(2)

IONA ENERGY INC., (a company existing under the laws of the Province of Alberta,

Canada with corporate access number AB-2016086205) as Guarantor (the "Parent");

(3)

IONA UK HUNTINGTON LIMITED, (a company existing under the laws of England and

Wales with company registration number 7385624) as Guarantor (the "Huntington

Subsidiary"); and

(4)

NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA (formally Norsk Tillitmsann ASA, and a company existing

under the laws of Norway with registration no. 963 342 624), as Bond Trustee on behalf of

the Bondholders,

(the parties referred to above in (1) to (4) above are jointly referred to herein as the "Parties").

WHEREAS:

The Parties have agreed to make certain amendments to the Bond Agreement to implement the resolutions adopted at the Bondholders' Meeting held on 6 May 2014.

IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

1.

Words and expressions used herein shall have the same meaning when used herein as set out

in the Bond Agreement unless expressly set out herein or the context otherwise requires.

2.

The definition of "Cash and Cash Equivalent" as set out in Clause 1.1 of the Bond

Agreement shall be amended to read as follows:

"Cash and Cash Equivalent" means, on any date, the aggregate o f the equivalent in USD on such date of the then current market value of:

(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit o f any current and/or on deposit accounts with an acceptable bank, including the Escrow Account and the BP Structured Energy Derivative Escrow Account; and

(b) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates o f deposit issued, and bills o f exchange accepted, by an acceptable bank;

in each case to which any Restricted Group Company is beneficially entitled at the time, and except in respect offunds standing to the balance o f the Escrow Account and the BP Structured Energy Derivative Escrow Account, to which any Restricted Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to Security, other than the charges over the Issuer Earnings Account and the Huntington Subsidiary Earnings Account and any other Restricted Group Company's earnings account. An "acceptable bank"fo r this purpose is:

7573390/3

Page 2 of 4

(a) a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a rating o f A or higher from Standard & Poor's Rating Service or A2 or higher from Moody's Investor Service Limited or a comparable ratingfrom a nationally recognized credit rating agencyfor its long term debt obligations; or

(b) a bank or financial institution which is authorized to carry on banking business in Norway.

3.

This Agreement shall be effective from the date hereof, and shall be applied retroactively

from the Issue Date so that the amendments effected by this Agreement also apply to any

calculation of the Financial Covenants under the Bond Agreement as of 31 December 2013

and 31 March 2014.

4.

Each of the Issuer, the Parent and the Huntington Subsidiary confirms that, notwithstanding

the amendments effected by this Agreement, (i) each Security Document to which it is a

party shall continue in full force and effect and shall extend to the liabilities and the

obligations of such Issuer and the Guarantors, respectively, under the Bond Agreement as

amended by this Agreement and the other Finance Documents (as applicable and subject to

such limitations as are agreed in each Security Document), and (ii) any reference in any

Finance Document to the Bond Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Bond

Agreement as amended by this Agreement. Except as expressly modified by this Agreement,

all terms and provisions of the Bond Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and are

hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by the Parties as if herein set forth in their

entirety. All references in the Bond Agreement to "this Agreement", "hereof', "hereby",

"hereto", and the like shall, from the Effective Date, mean the Bond Agreement as hereby

amended.

5.

This Agreement is a Finance Document.

6.

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same effect

as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Agreement.

7.

The provisions of Clause 19.7 (Dispute Resolution and Legal Venue) of the Bond Agreement

shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Agreement.

[Signatories are on the next page.]

7573390/3

Page 3 of 4

SIGNATORIES

Iona Energy Company (UK) pic Issuer

Nordic Trustee ASA Bond Trustee

Name: Qybhom A- licth*

Title: ^ f t O ' b T

Title:

Iona Energy Inc Guarantor
Name:
Title: Vi'flchr'

Iona UK Huntington Limited Guarantor
Name: G&cJMjm A · fJO tfk Title: ] ) ,V t c f a r

7573390/3

Page 4 of 4

