To the bondholders in:
ISIN: No. 0010700982 - 7.50% Oro Negro Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2019
New York, New York 26 September 2017
We write on behalf of an ad hoc group of holders (the "Ad Hoc Group") representing approximately 50% of the 7.50% Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2019 (the "Bonds" and the holders thereof, the "Bondholders") issued by Oro Negro Drilling Pte. Ltd. (collectively with Integradora de Servicios Petroleros Oro Negro S.A.P.I. de C.V. and its respective subsidiaries and affiliates, the "Company").
As the Company announced in its release on Stamdata, dated 21 September 2017, Perforadora Oro Negro, S. de R.L. de C.V. (the "Charterer"), an affiliate of the Company, filed for an insolvency proceeding in Mexico known as a "concurso mercantiF (the "Concurso Filing"). In response, and to protect the interests of all the Company's stakeholders, the Ad Hoc Group, together with certain other Bondholders representing in excess of 50% of the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds, sent an instruction letter to the Bond Trustee,1 dated 22 September 2017 (the "Instruction Letter"), directing the Bond Trustee to exercise its rights under the Bond Agreement to (1) declare a continuing Event of Default under the Bond Agreement as a result of the Concurso Filing, (2) enforce certain of the Account Charges to block certain accounts of the Issuer and the Rig Owners, and (3) enforce certain of the Share Charges to replace the boards of the Issuer and the Rig Owners.
Notwithstanding the Instruction Letter, the Ad Hoc Group desires to reiterate its support for the latest proposal of Petroleos Mexicanos ("Pemex") concerning certain amendments to the drilling contracts between the Company and Pemex for the Primus, Laurus, Fortius, Decus, and Impetus rigs (the "Pemex Proposal" and such contracts, the "Drilling Contracts"). Moreover, neither the Instruction Letter nor the execution of the instructions set forth therein affects the validity or enforceability of the Written Bondholders' Resolution, dated 12 September 2017 (the "Written Resolution"), pursuant to which over 2/3 of the Bondholders voted to approve an amendment to the Bond Agreement that would allow the Company to continue to perform under the Drilling Contracts and implement the Pemex Proposal, all without requiring the Company to make an additional investment in the Company or resulting in any dilution to existing equity holders, thereby ensuring the solvency of the Charterer and its affiliates. The Written Resolution even provides the Company the ability to implement an all-cash management incentive plan, the payments under which would have priority over any interest and amortization payments owed to the Bondholders. Despite these reasonable terms, the Company elected not to engage with the Bondholders and instead initiated the Concurso Filing.
The Ad Hoc Group continues to support the implementation of the Pemex Proposal and a consensual restructuring that will allow the Company's uninterrupted performance under the Drilling Contracts.
1 Capitalized terms, unless otherwise defined herein, have the meanings given such terms in the Indenture.

