NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Dette brevet til obligasjonseieme er Jam utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA på telefon +47 22 87 94 00.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001 031750.6 (NEC02) - 6.5 per cent Norse Energy Corp. ASA Bond Issue 2006/2011 with W arrants ("NEC02") ISIN NO 001 046035.5 (NEC04 RET) - 11.5 per cent Norse Energy Corp. ASA Callable Open Bond Issue 2008/2012("NEC04") ISIN NO 001 047907.4 (NEC05 RET) - 10.707 per cent Norse Energy Corp. ASA Callable Open Bond Issue 2008/2012 ("NEC05")
Oslo, February 28, 2012

Proposed refinancing of bond loans - Summons to Bondholders' Meetings

1.

INTRODUCTION

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM" / "Norsk Tillitsmann") acts as trustee for the holders of bonds (the "Bonds") in the above-captioned loans (the "Loans") where Norse Energy Corp ASA ("NEC" or the "Company") is the Borrower and Norse Energy Holdings Inc ("NEHI") is the Guarantor.

All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Amended and Restated Loan Agreements dated 30 June 2010 as subsequently amended in July 2011 (the "Loan Agreements") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.

The information in this summons regarding NEC and its legal position is provided by NEC. Norsk Tillitsmann expressly disclaims all and any liability whatsoever related to such information.

2.

BACKGROUND AND OVERVIEW OF PROPOSAL

NEC continues to work with potential assets sales, debt to equity conversion, equity raise and farmouts to improve the financial position of the company. As previously announced NEC has already sold assets for USD ~26 million and converted bond debt of USD ~23 million to equity in order to improve the financial position of the company. These transactions have resulted in a reduction of outstanding Bonds to approx. USD 55.5 million in total.

Further restructuring of NEC is underway, and bondholders are asked to give their consent to early prepayment of approx. USD 35 million (the remaining outstanding Bonds) after conversion of USD 21 million of Bonds into a new convertible bond.

A full refinancing of NEC will be possible with such support from bondholders and the Company strongly recommends its bondholders to approve the proposal herein.

1

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax:+47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
The proposal entails the following main elements:
(a) Conversion of USD 21 million of the outstanding Bonds at par into a new convertible bond loan (the "Convertible Bonds"),
(b) Early repayment of approx. USD 35 million of Bonds (the remaining outstanding Bonds following the conversion in letter a) and bonds in NEC06 (cf. below) at par plus accrued unpaid interest provided the Issuer secures financing as provided for below (the "Prepayment"), and
(c) A call oftheNEC03 bond loan (ISINNO 001 0481542) at 106% of par (USD 3.74 million) financed by a new bond loan ("NEC06") presubscribed by an existing NEC02 bondholder.
The Convertible Bonds will give bondholders access to the potentially huge equity upside in NEC and be allocated the holders of Bonds on a pro-rata basis.
The Convertible Bond will be ranking senior secured with security in the shares of NEHI pari passu with the Bonds. Duration is 3 years and the coupon is 5% per annum with quarterly payments. At the current share price the Convertible Bond issued to the holders of Bonds (USD 21 million) will be entitled to more than 20% of the share capital in the Company upon exercise.
Issuance of Convertible Bonds to the holders of Bonds will take place as soon as practically possible upon approval of the proposal in the bondholders' meetings. These Convertible Bonds will be delivered to the Bondholders, and transferred to escrow upon notice from each Bondholder to the managers (Pareto and Carnegie) that some or all of their Convertible Bonds are for sale in the CP Placement. The Issuer will as soon as possible thereafter carry out a private placement of Convertible Bonds of up to USD 40 million in the market, where new investors are invited to apply for Convertible Bonds in cash at par (the "CB Placement"). The CB Placement shall be structured as follows:
i) The first USD 7.3 million in Convertible Bonds (in net cash proceeds) shall be settled by delivery of the Convertible Bonds kept in escrow for the Bondholders in NEC04 and NEC05, on a pro rata basis, against payment of par value to these Bondholders.
ii) The next USD 10.7 million (in net cash proceeds) shall be utilized to repay the nonconverted Bonds in NEC04 and NEC05 at par value on a pro rata basis.
iii) The next USD 13.7 million (in net cash proceeds) shall be settled against delivery of the Convertible Bonds kept in escrow for the Bondholders in NEC02, on a pro rata basis, against payment of par value to these Bondholders,
iv) Any excess net cash proceeds shall be applied for the Prepayment.
In order to implement the Prepayment, NEC is to conclude on the necessary actions to source capital to repay bonds as soon as possible. These actions may include asset sales, joint ventures, equity issue or other M&A activities including the placement of Convertible Bonds as described above. Within 31 March 2012, NEC is to put forward a solution for financing of the Prepayment, which is to take place as soon as possible thereafter.
The NEC06 loan of USD 3.74 million will be on a similar loan agreement as the NEC03 Loan, however ranking ahead of security rights in the Bonds, but with no financial covenants, L+50bps coupon and 1 year duration from issue date. The subscriber of NEC06 will receive warrants to subscribe for 7.5 million shares in the Company at NOK 0.28 per share, with 1 year duration. The NEC06 loan shall be subject to the early Prepayment ahead of the other Bonds. Bondholders
2

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

representing more than 2/3 of the bonds in each Loan have pre-approved the proposal. Please see further details in chapter 3 and attached loan agreement and term sheet for the new convertible bond.

3.

THE RESTRUCTURING PROPOSAL

The Company proposes an amendment to the Loan Agreements to implement the restructuring proposal described below (the "Proposal"). In order for the amendments to take effect, the Proposal must be approved by the respective Bondholders' Meetings.

3.1 Prepayment of USD 35 million plus payment of accrued interest on all Bonds

The bondholders will receive a total repayment of the new NEC06 bond and the remaining Bonds in the amount of approx. USD 35 million at par, plus accrued unpaid interest (the "Prepayment") as the Prepayment will be carried out for the new NEC06 bond and the remaining outstanding Bonds after conversion of Bonds in the amount of USD 21 million to new Convertible Bonds. The new NEC06 bond is entitled to full prepayment ahead of the other Bonds in respect of the early Prepayment.
The Prepayment is conditioned upon the Company securing the necessary cash through asset sales, joint ventures, equity issues, RBL or other financing activities.

3.2 Swap of USD 21 million of outstanding Bonds into a new convertible bond

USD 21 million of the outstanding Bonds will be converted at par value to a convertible bond loan to be formalized in a new loan agreement and allocated a new ISIN (the "Conversion"). Issuance of the convertible bond shall happen immediately following approval in the bondholders' meetings. All bondholders in the Bonds will be allocated their pro-rata share of new Convertible Bonds. For full details on the convertible bond loans please see the term sheet and Loan Agreement attached.

3.3 Waivers and Amendments

The Loan Agreements for NEC04 and NEC05 bonds include covenants whereby NEHI is to maintain equity of minimum USD 36 million and "Equity to Capital Employed Ratio" of at least 30% (the "Financial Covenants"). The bondholders agree to waive the Financial Covenants up to 31 March 2012 or up to implementation and completion of the Proposal provided that the Company has presented a solution to finance the Prepayment within 31 March 2012, however at latest on 20 June 2012.

Clause 8.2 a) in the Loan Agreements include security in NEHI shares through share pledges. The Trustee is given the authority to establish new NEHI share pledge in favor of the convertible bond ranking pari passu with the existing pledges in the NEHI shares securing the Bonds. The Trustee is also given the authority to establish securities, as described in the NEC03 loan agreement, for the new NEC06 bond, ranking ahead of the other Bonds' security, and the authority to provide any other waivers, consents and amendments required for the establishment of the Convertible Bond and the NEC06 loan (including that these loans are issued while the proceeds kept in escrow for the Prepayment of Bonds and call payment of NEC03), as well as any other waivers and consents required for the Company to execute the Proposal (the "Implementation Measures").

3

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

4.

COMPANY UPDATE

For access to the latest quarterly reports and other recent presentations, please visit the Company's web site www.norseenergy.no

5.

EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED CHANGES

5.1 NEC's evaluation

NEC is of the opinion that the Proposal is in the best interest of the Bonds. NEC is focused on achieving long-term solutions to improve its balance sheet and provide value to all stakeholders. The Proposal will provide the Company with clarity in relation to the bondholders and enhance NEC's position to realize maximum value of its assets to the benefit of all stakeholders.

5.2 NTM's evaluation

As a matter of policy, NTM puts the requests forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendation, and amplifies that each Bondholder cast its vote on the Bondholders' meeting based on its own judgment. NTM urges each Bondholder to seek counsel in order to evaluate the Proposal.

6.

SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS

A joint bondholders' meeting will be held for all bond issues. Voting procedures will be carried out separately for each individual bond issue.
Based on the above information, Bondholders are hereby summoned to a bondholders' meeting:
Time: 9 March 2012 at 10.00 (Oslo time) Place:the premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VII's gate 1, Oslo (Norway)
Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons
2. Approval of the agenda
3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman
4. Request for consent to waiver and amendments to certain clauses in the Loan Agreement:
Proposed resolution for all Loans
1. The Bondholders ' Meeting approved the Proposal as described herein and authorized and instructed Norsk Tillitsmann ASA asfurther providedfor under item 2-5 below.
2. The Company and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA are to enter into an Amendment Agreement where the Loan Agreements are amended with the new Clause 10-A being enclosed as Annex 1.
3. The Bondholder's Meeting irrevocably authorized and instructed Norsk Tillitsmann ASA to subscribe for the new convertible bonds on behalf o f the bondholders as per the allocation criteria set out above, and granted Norsk Tillitsmann ASA an irrevocable power o f attorney to
4

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
finalize and execute all documents necessary to complete the issuance o f the new convertible bonds based on the Term Sheet enclosed and Loan Agreement attached.
4. The Bondholder's Meeting authorized and instructed Norsk Tillitsmann to grant the waiver on the Financial Covenants, and consent to the Implementation Measures necessary to finance the Prepayment and implement the Proposal.
5. The above resolutions are conditioned upon identical resolutions being adopted by the Bondholder's Meetingsfor all Loans.
According to each Loan Agreement 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented in the meeting in order to be able to make a valid decision. Approval of the proposal requires 2/3 majority of the Loan represented at the Bondholders' meeting. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy,
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered).
The individual Bondholder may authorize the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorizing Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Norsk Tillitsmann accept as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by email (as set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours Sincerely, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Proposal for new clause 10-A. VPS statement/Power of attorney form Term sheet summary of new convertible bond loan (only published on stamdata.no) Loan agreement for new convertible bond loan (only published on stamdata.no)
5

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Annex 1 Prepayment Proposal The Borrower shall, upon receiving new financing, redeem the remaining outstanding NEHI Bonds (being the bonds in NEC02, NEC04 and NEC05) and the new NEC06 bond at par value (100%) in the amount of USD 35 million (the "Prepayment"). The Borrower shall in connection with the Prepayment also pay the Bondholders the accrued interest on all Bonds.
6

TERM SHEET

°*»*corp roree energy N orse Energy Corp. A SA USD 21,000,000 to 40,000,000 Convertible B onds due 2015 Convertible into common shares of N orse Energy Corp. ASA ISIN: TBN

Issuer: Type of Instrument:

Norse Energy Corp. ASA ("NEC")
Senior secured convertible bonds (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue") convertible into common shares o f NEC with current nominal value NOK 0.3688 per share (the "Shares"). The nominal amount per share will be adjusted to NOK 0.50 per share when the reduction in nominal value to NOK 0.01 per share and subsequent 50-1 reverse share split as resolved in the general meeting on 22 November 2011 (the "Reverse Share Split") takes effect. This is expected to take place in February/March 2012.

Underlying Shares:

The Shares

Amount:

USD 21,000,000 to USD 40,000,000, consisting of an initial Swap Tranche of USD 21,000,000, and a Tap Issue of up to USD 19,000,000 following a placement in the market.

Nominal Value: Coupon: Settlement Date:
Final Maturity Date: First interest payment day:

The Bonds will have a nominal value o f USD 1.00 each. 5.00% per annum [·] March 2012. Notice is expected to be given to subscribers minimum two banking days prior to Settlement Date. [·] March 2015 (3 years after Settlement Date) at price 100 % o f par value. [·] June 2012 (3 months after Settlement Date).

Last interest payment day: [·] March 2015 (3 years after Settlement Date).

Issue Price for the Bonds: Interest Payments:

100% of par value.
Interest is payable quarterly in arrear on [·] March, [·] June, [·] September, and [·] December of each year, and will accrue from and including the Settlement Date, on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days, with interest in respect of any part of an uncompleted month being determined on the basis of a 30 day month less the remaining number of calendar days in the month.
If coupon payment date is not a banking day, then payment is made on the first

^Pareto Securities AS

i

wneme,

Status of the Bond: Share Pledge:
Purpose: Settlement: Eligible subscribers: Consideration Bonds: Bondholder's Conversion Rights:
Initial Conversion Price: Conversion Premium: Equity Issue Price:
Maximum Reference Price: Conversion Price: Adjustment to the Conversion Price:

subsequent banking day.
Senior secured
Pedge over 100% of outstanding shares in Norse Energy Holding Inc. ("NEHI"). The loan will rank pari passu with the other Existing Bond Loans in respect o f the security, and rank below the new bond loan of USD 3,74 million financing the call of NEC03 ("NEC06") in respect of this security.
The security documents to be entered into in respect of such Share Pledge shall be governed by Norwegian law. The shares under the Share Pledge may not be assigned or mortgaged/pledged to any other party other than provided for in this Term Sheet. The Share Pledge shall be established no later than at the Settlement Date.
Refinancing o f the Existing Bond Loans.
The Swap Tranche shall be settled by conversion of outstanding bonds in the Existing Bond Loans (valued at 100% of par value). The Tap Issue will be settled in cash..
Bondholders in the Existing Bond Loans, as regards the Swap Tranche,Conversion of bonds in Existing Bond Loan into the Bonds in the Swap Tranche will be decided upon with 2/3 majority in the respective Bondholder's Meetings.
The bonds under the Existing Bond Loans which will be used as payment for the Bonds in the Swap Tranche.
Each Bondholder (the "Bondholders") may exercise one or more of his conversion right(s) at the Conversion Price at any time during the period commencing on the 41st calendar day following the Settlement Date and ending on the tenth (10) banking day prior to the Final Maturity Date, or, if earlier, ending on the tenth (10) banking day prior to the date o f redemption o f the Bonds (the "Exercise Period").
Upon exercise, the Bondholder shall be entitled to convert the aggregate principal amount of Bonds submitted for conversion into Shares, rounded down to the nearest whole number of Shares, but shall not be entitled to any interest accrued but not paid since the preceding Interest Payment Date.
(1 + Conversion Premium) * the lesser of (a) the Equity Issue Price and (b) the Maximum Reference Price, in each case adjusted as necessary in respect of the Reverse Share Split
65%
Lowest issue price of any new equity issued by the Issuer for consideration in cash via a private placement prior to 1 July 2012, translated into USD at the Prevailing Rate on the pricing date of each such issuance. For the avoidance of doubt, any equity issued by way of rights will instead result in operation of the Adjustment to the Conversion Price provisions.
An amount equivalent (prior to the Reverse Share Split) of NOK 0.22 per share, translated into USD at the Prevailing Rate on the Settlement Date.
The Initial Conversion Price with any adjustments as determined by the Adjustment to the Conversion Price.
The Bond Agreement will contain standard Euromarket provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price to avoid dilution of the Bondholder's option value (adjustment for dividends, rights issues, share splits, and any other distributions to all or any

^Pareto Securities AS

2

wngue,

Conversion Date: Issuer Call Option:
Issuer Forced Conversion Option:

substantial part of the Issuer's shareholders, etc).
The Conversion Date is the banking day ten (10) banking days after the account manager has received the relevant conversion notice.
At any time after sixty (60) trading days after Settlement Date (the "Early Redemption Date"), the Issuer may redeem the Bonds in whole or in part at the Early Redemption Amount plus interest accrued to but not yet paid by the Early Redemption Date, where: Early Redemption Amount = Previous Redemption Amount x (1 + r/4)A(d/p) -AI;
"Previous Redemption Amount" means, on any date, the Early Redemption Amount on the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding that date (or, prior to the first Interest Payment Date, USD 1):
Interest Payment Date Early Redemption Amount (USD)

*.jun.l2 ·.sep.12 ·.des.12 ·.mar. 13 ·.jun.13 ·.sep.13 ·.des.13 ·.mar. 14 ·.jun.14 ·.sep.14 ·.des.14

1.0375 1.0769 1.1182 1.1616 1.2072 1.2551 1.3053 1.3581 1.4135 1.4717 1.5328;

r = 20%;

d = number of days from and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date;

p = 90; and

AI = accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Bonds from and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date to but excluding the Early Redemption Date.

Notice of calling bonds must be submitted to Bondholders no less than twenty (20) and no more than forty (40) business days prior to the Early Redemption Date as the Bondholder's Conversion Rights shall prevail in the event of the Issuer exercising the call option. Interest accrued but not yet due on the redemption date will not be paid in the event Bondholder's Conversion Rights are exercised.
At any time after fifty (50) trading days after Settlement Date (the "Forced Conversion Date"), the Issuer may, provided that the Parity Value has exceeded 130% of the prevailing Early Redemption Amount on at least twenty (20) trading days within a period of thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending not earlier than five (5) trading days prior to the trading day on which the Issuer give notice to Bondholders pursuant to this clause, redeem the whole Bond by delivering to the Bondholders the underlying number of Shares together with interest accrued to but not yet paid by the Forced

^Pareto Securities AS 3

wrnegie,

Clean-up Call:
Investor Put Option: Change of Control Protection:

Conversion Date, where
"Parity Value" means, in respect of any trading day, the USD amount calculated as follows:
PV = N x VWAP,
where
PV = the Parity Value;
N = the number of Shares determined by dividing USD 1.00 (being the face value of each bond) by the Conversion Price in effect on such trading day; and
VWAP = the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Share on such trading day (provided that if on any such trading day the Shares shall have been quoted cumdividend or cum-any other entitlement and the Shares to be delivered will not be entitled to same, the Volume Weighted Average Price on such trading day shall be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount to the fair market value o f such dividend or entitlement per share as at the date of first public announcement of such dividend or entitlement (or, if that is not a trading day, the immediate preceding trading day)), translated into USD at the Prevailing Rate on such dealing day.
Notice of forcing conversion must be submitted to Bondholders no less than ten (10) and no more than twenty (20) business days prior to the Forced Conversion Date.
The Issuer may at any time during the term of the Bonds, provided that 90 per cent or more of the Bonds have been redeemed or converted into Shares, with twenty (20) banking days' notice period call the remaining part of the Bond at 100% of par value plus accrued interest. For the sake of clarity; the Bondholder's Conversion Rights may be exercised following such redemption call provided the conversion notice is issued within the said redemption notice period.
None, except upon a Change of Control Event.
If a Change of Control Event has occurred, each Bondholder shall at any time during the period commencing on the date on which a Change of Control Event occurs and ending sixty (60) calendar days following such date or, if later, sixty (60) calendar days following the notification of a Change of Control Event, be entitled (at each Bondholder's sole discretion) to:
(a) require early redemption of its Bonds (put option) at 100% of par value plus accrued interest; or
(b) convert its Bonds at the Change of Control Conversion Price, as set out below:
COCCP = OCP/(l+ (CP x c/t)),
where
COCCP = means the Change of Control Conversion Price;
OCP = means the Conversion Price in effect on the relevant Conversion Date;
CP = means the Conversion Premium;
c = means the number of days from and including the date the Change o f Control Event occurs to but excluding the Final Maturity Date; and
t = means the number of days from and including the Settlement Date to but excluding the Final Maturity Date
The number of Shares required to be issued shall be determined by dividing 100% of par value of the Bonds by the Change of Control Conversion Price in effect on the

/^Pareto Securities AS 4

w rieg ie,

Change of Control Event:
Taxation: Group: Existing Bond Loans:
Issuer Positive Covenants:

relevant Conversion Date.
If and when, subsequent to the date hereof, a shareholder of the Issuer or a group of shareholders acting in concert, directly or indirectly acquire (including by purchase, merger etc.) or have the right to cast, at a general meeting of the shareholders of the Issuer, more than 50 per cent of the votes that may ordinarily be cast in a general meeting o f shareholders o f the Issuer.
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and shall gross up any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.
The Issuer and its subsidiaries.
Means bond loans currently issued by the Issuer;
(a) NEC02 with ISIN NO 001 031750.6 (b) NEC04 with ISIN NO 001 046035.5 (c) NEC05 with ISIN NO 001 047907.4
The Loan Agreement shall contain customary positive covenants for convertible bond issues under Norwegian law including, but not limited, to the following:
a) the Issuer shall maintain and shall procure that each of the Subsidiaries shall maintain its corporate existence; b) the Issuer shall maintain a listing on Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo Bors);
c) the Issuer shall ensure and shall procure that the Subsidiaries shall ensure, that there are no limitations under any agreement to service the payments under the Bond Issue; d) certain customary reporting requirements including, but not limited to, the following:

(i) for the Issuer, make annual audited and quarterly interim consolidated, unaudited reports available on the Issuer's website (alternatively by sending them to the Trustee for distribution to the bondholders) as soon they are available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period;
(ii) within 5 days after an officer obtains knowledge of any default, a certificate of the chief financial officer or chief executive officer setting forth the details thereof shall be sent to the Trustee; and
(iii) other customary notices and other information as may be reasonably requested from time to time by the Trustee.

Issuer Negative Covenants:

The Loan Agreement shall contain customary negative covenants for convertible bond issues under Norwegian law including but not limited to that the Issuer shall not, without the approval of the Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting:
a) amend its constitutional documents;
b) cease to carry on its business;
c) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or change

^Pareto Securities AS 5

the nature of its business if it has a Material Adverse Effect;
d) demerge or merge with another company or in any other way restructure its business if it has a Material Adverse Effect;
e) enter into future transactions with non-arm's length parties if it has a Material Adverse Effect; and
f) declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase of shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and distribution upon reductions in its share capital or equity

Material Adverse Effect:
Events of Default:
Governing Law:
Registration: Listing: Managers: Paying, Transfer and Conversion Agent: Trustee: Bond Agreement:

Material Adverse Effect means an event or circumstance which has material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole with material negative effect on the Issuer's ability to (a) perform and comply with its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement or (b) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement.
The Bond Agreement will be subject to customary event of default provisions including cross acceleration provisions in relation to financial indebtedness of the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries, subject to a USD 5 million threshold.
Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Bond Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts for the Bond Agreement.
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.
An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway; and Carnegie ASA, Stranden 1, NO-0106 Oslo, Norway.
Nordea Bank Norge ASA
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, NO-0116 Oslo, Norway.
The Bond Agreement will be entered into, on standard terms and conditions for convertible bond issues under Norwegian law, by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative. The Bond Agreement regulates the bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bond Issue. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, the Bond Agreement shall prevail.
Each Subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement and the related security documents if any. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur.
The resolutions in the bondholders' meetings in the Existing Bond Loans will authorize the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all o f the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Bond Agreement.
The Bond Agreement specifies that all bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all bond transferees shall, in taking transfer of Bonds, be

/Tareto Securities AS 6

Eligible Purchasers: Transfer Restrictions: Subject to:

deemed to have accepted and acceded to the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request to the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.
The Bonds in the Tap Issue will not be offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act") or "Accredited Investors" as defined under Rule 4(2) of the Securities Act. U.S. investors may be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB or Accredited Investor. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.
The issue o f Bonds is subject to:
1. Approval from bondholders' meetings of the restructuring proposal addressed in the "Summons for bondholders' meetings" dated 27 February 2012;
2. Finalised documentation (including Bond Agreement) and approval of the Bond Agreement and other related documents (if any) by the Trustee;
3.

Norse Energy Corp. ASA

Oslo, 27 February 2012 Pareto Securities AS

Carnegie ASA

rP aretO Securities AS

7

Wiersholm draft 27 February 2012 ISIN NO 001 IX
BOND AGREEMENT between
Norse Energy Corp. ASA (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
5 per cent NEC Convertible Callable Bond Issue 2012/2015

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status of the Bonds and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3 8 9 9 10 11 12 14 14 15 18 19 19 22 22 25 27 29

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement has been entered into on · 2012between
(1) Norse Energy Corp. ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 979 441 002 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account Managers" means a Bondholder's account Managers in the Securities Register.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"Change of Control" means that any investor or group of investors which are under single control, affiliated with each other or should be consolidated under the terms of

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
the Norwegian Limited Companies Act § 1-3, is or becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting shares of the Issuer.
"Change of Control Conversion Date" means a date being ten (10) Banking Days after the Bondholder has given a notice of conversion if a Change of Control has occurred.
Change of Control Conversion Period" means the sixty (60) calendar days period following the notification of a Change of Control.
"Change of Control Conversion Price" shall have the meaning given in Clause 10.5.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2 and (iii) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of: (a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit; (b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument; (c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract
which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease; (d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non recourse basis); (e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP; (f) the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged
4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that

asset;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall

be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance

sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to

in( a) through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries.

"Interest Payment Date" means [·] March, [·] June, [·] September, and [·] December of each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.

"Issue Date" means_____2012.

"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.

"Managers" means the Managers for the Bond Issue, being Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway; and Carnegie ASA, Stranden 1, NO0106 Oslo, Norway.

"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance which has material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a

5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
whole with material negative effect on the Issuer's ability to (a) perform and comply with its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement or (b) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement.
"Material Subsidiary" means:
(i) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 5 % of the total consolidated assets of the Group, or
(ii) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated net sales represent at least 5 % of the total consolidated net sales of the Group, or
(iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date,
always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % of the consolidated turnover, gross assets or nets assets of the Group (as the case may be).
"Maturity Date" means [·] March 2015 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NEHI" means Norse Energy Holdings Inc., a 100% owned Subsidiary of the Issuer.
"NEC06" means the bond loan in the amount of USD 3.74 million with ISIN No _______and maturity in ( ) 2013 that was acquired to refinance a call on the NEC03 bond loan in March 2012.
"Old Bonds" means the bonds in the bond loans currently issued by the Issuer consisting of NEC02 with ISIN NO 001 031750.6, , NEC04 with ISIN NO 001 046035.5 and NEC05 with ISIN NO 001 047907.4.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds, being Nordea Bank Norge ASA.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Issuer under any Finance Documents.
"Shares" means the shares of the Issuer, being at the date of this Bond Agreement [1 084 675 945] ordinary shares, fully paid up with a face value of NOK [0.36883488], representing, in aggregate, one hundred per cent (100 %) of the issued share capital of the Issuer, each individually a "Share".1
"Share Pledge Agreement" means the share pledge agreement governed by Norwegian law (to the extent legally permitted) whereby all the shares in NEHI is pledged by the Issuer in favor of the Loan Trustee (acting on behalf of the bondholders) as further provided for in clause 8.2.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
1 The Company expects to complete the share capital reduction and reverse split 50-1 resolved on 22 November 2011 prior to finalisation of the Loan Agreement. The figures will then be adjusted accordingly.
7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement

2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the amount of USD 21,000,000 (dollars twenty one million) (the "Swap Tranche"), together with a tap issue of up to USD 19 million (the "Tap Issue") following a secondary/primary placement of up to USD 40 million in Bonds to be carried out by the Issuer in March 2012 (the "Bond Placement").

The Bond Placement shall be structured as follows

8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

a) The first USD 7,3 million in Bonds (in net cash proceeds) shall be settled by delivery of the Bonds kept in escrow for the Bondholders in NEC04 and NEC05, on a pro rata basis, against payment of par value to these Bondholders.

b) The next USD 10,7 million (in net cash proceeds) shall be utilized to repay the nonconverted Bonds in NEC04 and NEC05 at par value on a pro rata basis.

c) The next USD 13,7 million (in net cash proceeds) shall be settled against delivery of the Convertible Bonds kept in escrow for the Bondholders in NEC02, on a pro rata basis, against payment of par value to these Bondholders,

d) Any excess net cash proceeds shall be applied for prepayment of Old Bonds with the exemption of NEC03 that is repaid with other funds.
Accordingly there will be a tap issue of Bonds only if and when the demand in the Bond Placement exceeds USD 7.3 million (in net cash proceeds).

The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1.00 each and rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "5 per cent NEC Convertible Callable Bond Issue 2012/2015".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 IX.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Convertible provisions

The Bonds are convertible into Shares as set out in Attachment 2.

2.4

Purpose o f the issue

The Bonds in the Swap Tranche are issued as settlement of Old Bonds with minimum nominal amount of USD 21,000,000. The proceeds from the Tap Issue shall be applied as provided for in clause 2.2.

3

Listing of bonds

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on the Oslo Stock Exchange.

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall be registered in the Securities Register according

to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.

9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Eligible subscribers

5.1.1 Eligible subscribers are the holders of the Old Bonds and, as the case may be, any new investors with the exception among new investors of a) U.S. Investors who are not Qualified Institutional Investors ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A or "Accredited Investors" as defined under Rule 4(2) of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and b) persons resident in Canada (including via purchase on such persons' behalf).

U.S. investors may be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB or Accredited Investor.
5.2 Transfer restrictions

5.2.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.2 and any other restrictions that may be imposed on Bondholders by local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business), the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.
5.2.2 Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer the Bond except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available).

The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 The issue of Bonds in the Swap Tranche is subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement and the Share Pledge Agreement being duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(e) the last Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;
(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);
(j) first priority pledge over 100% of the outstanding shares in Norse Energy Holding Inc has been established as further provided for in clause 8.2;
(k) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;
(l) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1, including approvals in the bondholders' meetings for the Old Bonds as described in the "NEC Summons for Bondholders' Meetings" dated 28 February 2012,
(m) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee.
(n) copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Managers in connection with the Bond Issue;

11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.

6.3 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee that the conditions in Clause 6.1 are all met or waived, and against a discharge of Old Bonds except NEC03 (where the relevant Bonds are cancelled as repaid in full) in the amount of USD 21 million, the Issuer shall issue the Bonds in the Swap Tranche. The allocation of new Bonds against discharge of relevant Old Bonds will be effected pro rata among the holders of such Old Bonds as per decision in the relevant Bondholders' Meetings.

6.4 The tap issue of Bonds shall take place as soon as possible upon completion and settlement of the Bond Placement, and shall be conditioned upon the following:

a) The Bonds shall be issued upon demand in excess of USD 7.3 million (in net proceeds) in the Bond Placement.

b) Application of proceeds received as provided for above in clause 2.2.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:
(a) Status The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional

12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.
(e) No Event o fDefault No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(h) No undisclosed liabilities As of the date of the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(i) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.
(k) Intellectual property The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.
(l) No withholdings
13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(m) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
(n) Encumbrances No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to the issue date require a written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the issue of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Issuer herein.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 The Bonds shall be secured with a second priority pledge over 100% of the outstanding shares in NEHI to be established by the Share Pledge Agreement. This share pledge shall have the same priority (on a pro rata basis) as the current pledge in the shares in NEHI securing the Old Bonds, but shall be ranked below the bonds in NEC06 that shall be ranked above the Bonds and the other Old Bonds with respect to such security.
9 Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 5 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrear on the Interest Payment Dates on a quarterly basis, the first Interest Payment Date being [·] June 2012.

14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months, with interest in respect of any part of an uncompleted month being determined on the basis of a 30 day month less the remaining number of calendar days in the month.

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x Fixed Rate

x Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.
10.2 Issuer's Call Option At any time after sixty (60) trading days after Issue Date (the "Early Redemption Date"), the Issuer may redeem the Bonds in whole or in part at the Early Redemption Amount plus interest accrued to but not yet paid by the Early Redemption Date, where: Early Redemption Amount = Previous Redemption Amount x (1 + r/4)A(d/p) -AI;
"Previous Redemption Amount" means, on any date, the Early Redemption Amount on the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding that date (or, prior to the first Interest Payment Date, USD 1):
Interest Payment Date Early Redemption Amount (USD)

· June 2012 · September 2012 · December 2012 · March 2013 · June 2013 · September 2013 · December 2013 · March 2014 · June 2014 · September 2014 · December 2014

1.0375 1.0769 1.1182 1.1616 1.2072 1.2551 1.3053 1.3581 1.4135 1.4717 1.5328;

15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
r = 20%;
d = number of days from and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date;
p = 90; and
AI = accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Bonds from and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date to but excluding the Early Redemption Date.
Notice of calling bonds must be submitted to Bondholders no less than twenty (20) and no more than forty (40) Business Days prior to the Early Redemption Date as the Bondholder's Conversion Rights shall prevail in the event of the Issuer exercising the call option. Interest accrued but not yet due on the redemption date will not be paid in the event Bondholder's Conversion Rights are exercised.
10.3 Issuer's Forced Conversion
At any time after fifty (50) trading days after Issue Date (the "Forced Conversion Date"), the Issuer may, provided that the Parity Value has exceeded 130% of the prevailing Early Redemption Amount on at least twenty (20) trading days within a period of thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending not earlier than five (5) trading days prior to the trading day on which the Issuer give notice to Bondholders pursuant to this clause, redeem the whole Bond by delivering to the Bondholders the underlying number of Shares together with interest accrued to but not yet paid by the Forced Conversion Date, where
"Parity Value" means, in respect of any trading day, the USD amount calculated as follows:
PV = N x VWAP,
where
PV = the Parity Value;
N = the number of Shares determined by dividing USD 1.00 (being the face value of each bond) by the Conversion Price in effect on such trading day; and
VWAP = the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Share on such trading day (provided that if on any such trading day the Shares shall have been quoted cum-dividend or cumany other entitlement and the Shares to be delivered will not be entitled to same, the Volume Weighted Average Price on such trading day shall be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount to the fair market value of such dividend or entitlement per share as at the date of first public announcement of such dividend or entitlement (or, if that is not a trading day, the immediate preceding trading day)), translated into USD at the Exchange Rate on such dealing day.
Notice of forcing conversion must be submitted to Bondholders no less than ten (10) and
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
no more than twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Forced Conversion Date.
10.4 Clean-up call
The Issuer may at any time during the term of the Bonds, provided that 90 per cent or more of the Bonds have been redeemed or converted into Shares, with twenty (20) banking days' notice period call the remaining part of the Bond at 100% of par value plus accrued interest. For the sake of clarity; the Bondholder's Conversion Rights may be exercised following such redemption call provided the conversion notice is issued within the said redemption notice period.
10.5 Change o f Control
If a Change of Control has occurred, each Bondholder shall at any time during the period commencing on the date on which a Change of Control occurs and ending sixty (60) calendar days following such date or, if later, sixty (60) calendar days following the notification of a Change of Control, be entitled (at each Bondholder's sole discretion) to:
(a) require early redemption of its Bonds (put option) at 100% of par value plus accrued interest; or
(b) convert its Bonds at the Change of Control Conversion Price, as set out below:
COCCP = OCP/(1+ (CP x c/t)),
where
COCCP = means the Change of Control Conversion Price;
OCP = means the Conversion Price in effect on the relevant Conversion Date;
CP = means the Conversion Premium;
c = means the number of days from and including the date the Change of Control occurs to but excluding the Final Maturity Date; and
t = means the number of days from and including the Settlement Date to but excluding the Final Maturity Date The number of Shares required to be issued shall be determined by dividing 100% of par value of the Bonds by the Change of Control Conversion Price in effect on the relevant Conversion Date.
The respective Bondholder must notify the Paying Agent within the Change of Control Conversion Period of its election of whether or not to (a) require early redemption, or (b) convert the Bonds to Shares.
In the event of an early redemption pursuant to this Clause, settlement shall be three (3) Business Days after the Paying Agent has received such request.
17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
In the event of conversion pursuant to this Clause, the Issuer shall as soon as possible, but in no event later than on the Change of Control Conversion Date issue to and in the names of the Bondholder the number of new Shares which are necessary in order to fulfil the Issuer's obligations to issue new Shares to the respective Bondholder.
The terms and conditions set out in Attachment 2 shall (to the extent applicable) apply for any conversion of Bonds to Shares according to this Clause.

11 Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreements by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

Each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Managers) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be considered to have been made at that date.

11.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register last paragraph.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
11.3 Set-offand counterclaims
11.3.1 The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points,.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13 Covenants

13.1 General
13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall

(a) without being requested to do so, within 5 days after an officer obtains knowledge of any Event of Default, present the Bond Trustee with a certificate of the chief financial officer or chief executive officer setting forth the details thereof;

19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements at least semi annually and make them available on its website in the English language (including any Quarterly Financial Reports) (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end of the second quarter (or, if quarterly reporting, the end of the relevant quarter);

(c) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(d) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de mergers and reduction of the Share capital or equity;

(e) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(f) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(g) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

(b) Changes to constitutional documents The Issuer shall not amend its constitutional documents.

(c) Disposal of assets and changes to business

20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Issuer shall not sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or change the nature of its business if it has a Material Adverse Effect;
(d) Mergers The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities or restructuring, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(e) De-mergers The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Continuation o f business The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business.
g) Encumbrances o fNEHI Shares The NEHI Shares may not be assigned or subject to any Encumbrances other than provided for in this Loan Agreement (cf. clause 8.2).
13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third party.
All such transactions shall a) comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997 and shall b) not have a Material Adverse Effect
(c) Dividends
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase of shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and distribution upon reductions in its share capital or equity.
21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) Subsidiaries The Issuer shall ensure and shall procure that the Subsidiaries shall ensure that there are no limitations under any agreement to service the payments under the Bond Issue.
e) Maintenance o f corporate existence The Issuer shall maintain and shall procure that each of the Subsidiaries shall maintain its corporate existence.
f) Maintenance o f listing The Issuer shall maintain listing of its Shares on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default"):
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is
22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 five - Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default In respect of any aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below, including any commitments to such Financial Indebtedness, exceeding a total of USD 5 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any such Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any such Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for such Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any such Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency If for the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory managers or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
f ) Creditors'process The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(i) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company or the Issuer which will have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.

16 Bondholders' meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders'meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfor Bondholders'meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders'meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders 'meeting

16.4.1.

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

27

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o f Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18 Miscellaneous 18.1 The community o fBondholders

29

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
18.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment of the pledge;
30

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon the Issuer, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing the Issuer;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of the Issuer, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;
(a) the Issuer shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a) and (g) For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will remain obliged to maintain the listing of the Shares and any listing of the Bonds, pursuant to Clauses 13.4 (f) and 3 respectively.
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;
(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;
(e) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.
31

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

32

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) if by telefax, when received.
However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.
18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons
18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue
18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

Bond Trustee

By: Position:

By: Position:

33

Attachment 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
Dear Sirs,
NEC BOND AGREEMENT 2012/2015 - ISIN 001 IX

[date]

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;
Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,
Norse Energy Corp. ASA

Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

34

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 2 - Convertible provisions

A

Definitions

"Cash Dividend" means (i) any Dividend which is to be paid or made in cash (in whatever currency), but other than falling within paragraph (b) of the definition of "Spin-Off' and (ii) any Dividend determined to be a Cash Dividend pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of "Dividend", and for the avoidance of doubt, a Dividend falling within paragraph (c) or (d) of the definition of "Dividend" shall be treated as being a Non-Cash Dividend.

"Conversion Date" means the date falling 10 - ten - Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received the relevant exercise notice pursuant to Clause B.1.

"Conversion Period" means the entire term of the Bonds, subject to the Conversion Right having been exercised within the Exercise Period.

"Conversion Price" means 165% of the lesser of (a) the Equity Issue Price and (b) the Maximum Reference Price.

"Conversion Premium" means 65%.

"Conversion Right" means the right of each Bondholder to convert each Bond at the Conversion Price into Shares, subject to Clauses B, C and D. Upon exercise, the Bondholder shall be entitled to convert the aggregate principal amount of Bonds submitted for conversion into Shares, rounded down to the nearest whole number of Shares, but shall not be entitled to any interest accrued but not paid since the preceding Interest Payment Date

"Current Market Price" means, in respect of a Share at a particular date, the average of the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Share for the five consecutive Dealing Days ending on such date (or, if such date is not a Dealing Day then ending on the Dealing Day immediately preceding such date); provided that if at any time during the said five-dealing-day period the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price ex-Dividend (or ex- any other entitlement) and during some other part of that period the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price cum-Dividend (or cum- any other entitlement), then:

(a) if the Shares to be issued or transferred do not rank for the Dividend (or entitlement) in question, the Volume Weighted Average Price on the dates on which the Shares shall have been based on a price cum-Dividend (or cum- any other entitlement) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Share as at the date of first public announcement of such Dividend (or entitlement); or

35

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) if the Shares to be issued or transferred do rank for the Dividend (or entitlement) in question, the Volume Weighted Average Price on the dates on which the Shares shall have been based on a price ex-Dividend (or ex- any other entitlement) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be the amount thereof increased by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Share as at the date of first public announcement of such Dividend (or entitlement),
and provided further that, if on each of the said five Dealing Days the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price cum-Dividend (or cumany other entitlement) in respect of a Dividend (or other entitlement) which has been declared or announced but the Shares to be issued do not rank for that Dividend (or other entitlement) the Volume Weighted Average Price on each of such dates shall for the purposes of this definition be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Share as at the date of the first public announcement of such Dividend or entitlement,
and provided further that, if the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Share is not available on one or more of the said five Dealing Days, then the average of such Volume Weighted Average Prices which are available in that five-dealing-day period shall be used (subject to a minimum of two such prices) and if only one, or no, such Volume Weighted Average Price is available in the relevant period the Current Market Price shall be determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser.
"Dealing Day" means a day on which the Relevant Stock Exchange is open for business, (other than a day on which the Relevant Stock Exchange is scheduled to or does close prior to its regular weekday closing time).
"Dividend" means any dividend or any form of distribution to Shareholders (including a Spin-Off) whether of cash, assets or other property, and whenever paid or made and however described (and for these purposes a distribution of assets includes without limitation an issue of Shares, or other Securities credited as fully or partly paid up by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves) provided that:
(a) where a Dividend in cash is announced which is to be, or may at the election of a Shareholder or Shareholders be, satisfied by the issue or delivery of Shares or other property or assets, or where a capitalisation of profits or reserves is announced which is to be, or may at the election of a Shareholder or Shareholders be, satisfied by the payment of the Dividend in cash, then for the purposes of this definition the Dividend in question shall be treated as a Cash Dividend of the greater of (i) such cash amount and (ii) the Fair Market Value (on the date of the first public announcement of such Dividend or capitalisation (as the case may be) or if later, the date on which the number of Shares (or amount of property or assets, as the case may be) which may be issued or delivered is determined), of such Shares or other property or assets;
(b) any issue of Shares falling within clause C.2 shall be disregarded;
36

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) a purchase or redemption or buy back of share capital of the Issuer by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer shall not constitute a Dividend unless, in the case of purchases, redemptions or buy backs of Shares by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, the weighted average price per Share (before expenses) on any one day (a "Specified Share Day") in respect of such purchases, redemptions or buy backs (translated, if not in Norwegian Kroner, into Norwegian Kroner at the spot rate ruling at the close of business on such day as determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser (or if no such rate is available on that date, the equivalent rate on the immediately preceding date on which such rate is available), exceeds by more than 5 per cent. the average of the closing prices of the Shares on the Relevant Stock Exchange (as published by or derived from the Relevant Stock Exchange) on the five Dealing Days immediately preceding the Specified Share Day or, where an announcement (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt for these purposes, any general authority for such purchases approved by a general meeting of Shareholders or any notice convening such a meeting of Shareholders) has been made of the intention to purchase Shares at some future date at a specified price, on the five Dealing Days immediately preceding the date of such announcement, in which case such purchase shall be deemed to constitute a Dividend in Norwegian Kroner to the extent that the aggregate price paid (before expenses) in respect of such Shares purchased by the Issuer or, as the case may be, any of its Subsidiaries (translated where appropriate into Norwegian Kroner as provided above) exceeds the product of (i) 105 per cent. of the average closing price of the Shares determined as aforesaid and (ii) the number of Shares so purchased; and
(d) if the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall purchase any receipts or certificates representing Shares, the provisions of paragraph (c) shall be applied in respect thereof in such manner and with such modifications (if any) as shall be determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser.
"Equity Issue Price" means the lowest issue price of any new equity issued by the Issuer for consideration in cash in a private placement in the period from 28 February 2012 to 1 July 2012, translated into USD at the Exchange Rate on the pricing date of each such issuance. For the avoidance of doubt, any equity issued by way of rights will instead result in operation of the other provisions herein for adjustment to the Conversion Price.
"Exchange Rate" means the official Norwegian Central Bank exchange rate between NOK/USD at 12:00 CET at the relevant date.
"Exercise Period" means the period commencing on the 41st calendar day following the Settlement Date and ending on the tenth (10) banking day prior to the Final Maturity Date, or, if earlier, ending on the tenth (10) banking day prior to the date of redemption of the Bonds (both days inclusive) during which the Conversion Rights may be exercised.
37

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Fair Market Value" means, with respect to any property on any date, the fair market value of that property as determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser provided, that (i) the Fair Market Value of a Cash Dividend paid or to be paid shall be the amount of such Cash Dividend; (ii) the Fair Market Value of any other cash amount shall be the amount of such cash; (iii) where Securities, Spin-Off Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded in a market of adequate liquidity (as determined by an Independent Financial Adviser), the fair market value (a) of such Securities or Spin-Off Securities shall equal the arithmetic mean of the daily Volume Weighted Average Prices of such Securities or Spin-Off Securities and (b) of such options, warrants or other rights shall equal the arithmetic mean of the daily closing prices of such options, warrants or other rights, in the case of both (a) and (b) during the period of five trading days on the relevant market commencing on such date (or, if later, the first such trading day such Securities or Spin-Off Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded); and (iv) in the case of (i) converted into Norwegian Kroner (if declared or paid in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner) at the rate of exchange used to determine the amount payable to Shareholders who were paid or are to be paid or are entitled to be paid the Cash Dividend in Norwegian Kroner; and in any other case, converted into Norwegian Kroner (if expressed in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner) at such rate of exchange as may be determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser to be the spot rate ruling at the close of business on that date (or if no such rate is available on that date the equivalent rate on the immediately preceding date on which such a rate is available).
"Independent Financial Adviser" means an independent investment bank of international repute appointed by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Loan Trustee or, if the Issuer fails to make such appointment and such failure continues for a reasonable period (as determined by the Loan Trustee) and the Loan Trustee is indemnified and/or secured as to costs to its satisfaction against the costs, fees and expenses of such adviser, appointed by the Loan Trustee following notification to the Issuer.
"Market Place" means a recognized stock exchange or regulated market providing material trading activity and liquidity for the Shares, always including Oslo Stock Exchange and Oslo Axess, while always excluding OTC trading or other trades via similar dealer networks.
"Maximum Reference Price" means an amount corresponding to (NOK 0.22 multiplied with 50), translated into USD at the Exchange Rate on the Issue Date.2
"Non-Cash Dividend" means any Dividend which is not a Cash Dividend, and shall include a Spin-Off.
"Relevant Stock Exchange" means the Oslo Stock Exchange or, if at the relevant time, the Shares are not at that time listed and admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange, the principal stock exchange or securities market on which the Shares are then listed or quoted or dealt in.
2Will be adjusted to the multiplied value upon enforcement of reverse share split.
38

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Securities" means any securities including, without limitation, Shares, or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase or acquire Shares.
"Shares" means as set out in Clause 1.
"Spin-Off" means:
(a) a distribution of Spin-Off Securities by the Issuer to Shareholders as a class; or (b) any issue, transfer or delivery of any property or assets (including cash or shares or securities of or in or issued or allotted by any entity) by any entity (other than the Issuer) to Shareholders as a class, pursuant in each case to any arrangements with the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Spin-Off Securities" means equity share capital of an entity other than the Issuer or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase equity share capital of an entity other than the Issuer.
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, in respect of a Share, Security or, as the case may be, a Spin-Off Security on any Dealing Day, the volume-weighted average price of a Share, Security or, as the case may be, a Spin-Off Security published by or derived (in the case of a Share) from the Relevant Stock Exchange or (in the case of a Security or Spin-Off Security) from the principal stock exchange or securities market on which such Securities or Spin-Off Securities are then listed or quoted or dealt in, if any or, in any such case, such other source as shall be determined to be appropriate by an Independent Financial Adviser on such Dealing Day, provided that if on any such Dealing Day where such price is not available or cannot otherwise be determined as provided above, the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Share, Security or a Spin-Off Security, as the case may be, in respect of such Dealing Day shall be the Volume Weighted Average Price, determined as provided above, on the immediately preceding Dealing Day on which the same can be so determined.
References to any issue or offer or grant to Shareholders "as a class" or "by way of rights" shall be taken to be references to an issue or offer or grant to all or substantially all Shareholders other than Shareholders to whom, by reason of the laws of any territory or requirements of any recognised regulatory body or any other stock exchange or securities market in any territory or in connection with fractional entitlements, it is determined not to make such issue or offer or grant.
In making any calculation or determination of Current Market Price or Volume Weighted Average Price, such adjustments (if any) shall be made as an Independent Financial Adviser considers appropriate to reflect any consolidation or sub-division of the Shares or any issue of Shares by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves, or any like or similar event.
39

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

B

Conversion terms

B.1 Each Bondholder may exercise one or more of his Conversion Right(s) at the Conversion Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided that the relevant Bondholder at the Conversion Date has the right to own Shares under the applicable law and that notification thereof is given pursuant to Clause B.4.
B.2 The Conversion Right cannot be separated from the Bond.
B.3 The Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to Clauses C and D.
B.4 In order to exercise a Conversion Right, the Bondholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent (via its Account Managers) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice.
Request for conversion takes place by the Bondholder notifying his Account Managers of the number of Bonds which shall be converted. The Account Managers shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent. The Paying Agent shall carry the conversion into effect at the Conversion Date.
Conversion will be effected by a set-off of the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted against the issuing of the whole number of Shares resulting from dividing the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted by the Conversion Price. Any excess amount beyond the whole number of Shares converted by the Bonds shall fall to the Issuer, unless the Conversion Date falls in an ex-period for a Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date, then interest due shall be paid to the relevant Bondholder.
Interest accrued since the latest Interest Payment Date but not due on a Conversion Date, shall not be paid in cash nor kind to the Bondholders, but shall accrue to the Issuer.
B.5 The Issuer is responsible for ensuring that:
(a) the share capital increase is registered in the company register as soon as possible,
(b) the Remaining Bonds is being written down within the Conversion Date, and
(c) Shares issued upon conversion are registered in the Securities Depository on the Conversion Date.
If the share capital increase is not registered in the Company Register at the Conversion Date, the Issuer shall ensure that the Shares following the conversion shall be temporarily registered in the Securities Depository (with temporary ISIN).
B.6 Shares issued upon conversion give rights in the Issuer as of the registration of the share capital increase in the Company Register, unless the general meeting of the Issuer has resolved differently.

40

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

C

Adjustment of the Conversion Price

Upon the occurrence of any of the events described below, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted as follows:

C.1 If and whenever there shall be a consolidation or subdivision of the Shares, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such consolidation or subdivision by the following fraction:

A
B where:

A

is the aggregate number of Shares in issue immediately before such

consolidation or subdivision, as the case may be; and

B

is the aggregate number of Shares in issue immediately after, and as a result of,

such consolidation or subdivision, as the case may be.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date the consolidation or subdivision, as the case may be, takes effect.

C.2 If and whenever the Issuer shall issue any Shares credited as fully paid to the Shareholders by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves (including any share premium account or capital redemption reserve) other than (1) where any such Shares issued instead of the whole or part of a Dividend in cash which the Shareholders would or could otherwise have received or (2) where the Shareholders may elect to receive a Dividend in cash in lieu of such Shares, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such issue by the following fraction:

A B

where:

A

is the aggregate nominal amount of the Shares in issue immediately before

such issue; and

B

is the aggregate nominal amount of the Shares in issue immediately after such

issue.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Shares.

C.3 If and whenever the Issuer shall pay or make any Dividend to Shareholders, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to the relevant Dividend by the following fraction:

41

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

A- B A

where:

A

is the Current Market Price of one Share on the Dealing Day immediately

preceding the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Dividend

or, in the case of a purchase of Shares or any receipts or certificates

representing Shares by or on behalf of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the

Issuer, on which such Shares are purchased or, in the case of a Spin-Off, is the

mean of the Volume Weighted Average Prices of a Share for the five

consecutive Dealing Days ending on the Dealing Day immediately preceding

the first date on which the Shares are traded ex- the relevant Spin-Off; and

B

is the portion of the Fair Market Value, with such portion being determined by

dividing the Fair Market Value of the aggregate Dividend by the number of

Shares entitled to receive the relevant Dividend (or, in the case of a purchase of

Shares or any receipts or certificates representing shares by or on behalf of the

Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, by the number of Shares in issue

immediately prior to such purchase), of the Dividend attributable to one Share.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Shares are traded ex- the relevant Dividend on the Relevant Stock Exchange or, in the case of a purchase of Shares or any receipts or certificates representing Shares, on the date such purchase is made or, in the case of a Spin-Off, the first date on which the Shares are traded ex- the relevant Spin-Off.

For the purposes of the above, the Fair Market Value of a Cash Dividend shall (subject as provided in paragraph (a) of the definition of "Dividend" and in the definition of "Fair Market Value") be determined as at the first date on which the Shares are traded ex- the relevant Dividend on the Relevant Stock Exchange, and in the case of a Non Cash Dividend, the Fair Market Value of the relevant Dividend shall be the Fair Market Value of the relevant Spin-Off Securities or, as the case may be, the relevant property or assets.

C.4 If and whenever the Issuer shall issue Shares to Shareholders as a class by way of rights, or issue or grant to Shareholders as a class by way of rights, options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Shares, in each case at a price per Share which is less than 95 per cent. of the Current Market Price per Share on the Dealing Day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the terms of the issue or grant of such Shares, options, warrants or other rights, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such issue or grant by the following fraction:

A+B A+C

where:

A

is the number of Shares in issue immediately before such announcement;

42

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

B

is the number of Shares which the aggregate amount (if any) payable for the

Shares issued by way of rights, or for the options or warrants or other rights

issued by way of rights and for the total number of Shares deliverable on the

exercise thereof, would purchase at such Current Market Price per Share; and

C

is the number of Shares issued or, as the case may be, the maximum number of

Shares which may be issued upon exercise of such options, warrants or rights

calculated as at the date of issue of such options, warrants or rights.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Shares are traded ex-rights, ex-options or ex-warrants on the Relevant Stock Exchange.

C.5 If and whenever the Issuer shall issue any Securities (other than Shares or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Shares) to Shareholders as a class by way of rights or grant to Shareholders as a class by way of rights any options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Securities (other than Shares or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase Shares), the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such issue or grant by the following fraction:

A- B A

where:

A

is the Current Market Price of one Share on the Dealing Day immediately

preceding the first date on which the terms of such issue or grant are publicly

announced; and

B

is the Fair Market Value on the date of such announcement of the portion of

the rights attributable to one Share.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Shares are traded ex-rights, ex-options or ex-warrants on the Relevant Stock Exchange.

C.6 If and whenever the Issuer shall issue (otherwise than as mentioned in clause C.4 above or where, having adjusted mutatis mutandisfor the Reverse Share Split3, the Equity Issue Price is lower than the Maximum Reference Price) wholly for cash or for no consideration any Shares (other than Shares issued on conversion of the Bonds or on the exercise of any rights of conversion into, or exchange or subscription for or purchase of, Shares) or issue or grant (otherwise than as mentioned in clause C.4 above) wholly for cash or for no consideration any options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Shares (other than the Bonds), in each case at a price per Share which is less than 95 per cent. of the Current Market Price per Share on the Dealing Day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the terms of such issue or grant, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the

3To be deleted upon execution of reverse split. 43

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such issue or grant by the following fraction:
A+B A+C

where:

A

is the number of Shares in issue immediately before the issue of such Shares or

the grant of such options, warrants or rights;

B

is the number of Shares which the aggregate consideration (if any) receivable

for the issue of such Shares or, as the case may be, for the Shares to be issued

or otherwise made available upon the exercise of any such options, warrants or

rights, would purchase at such Current Market Price per Share; and

C

is the number of Shares to be issued pursuant to such issue of such Shares or,

as the case may be, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon

exercise of such options, warrants or rights calculated as at the date of issue of

such options, warrants or rights.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Shares or, as the case may be, the grant of such options, warrants or rights.

C.7 If and whenever the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer or (at the direction or request of or pursuant to any arrangements with the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer) any other company, person or entity (otherwise than as mentioned in clause C.4, C.5 or C.6 above) shall issue wholly for cash or for no consideration any Securities (other than the Bonds), which by their terms of issue carry (directly or indirectly) rights of conversion into, or exchange or subscription for, Shares (or shall grant any such rights in respect of existing Securities so issued) or Securities which by their terms might be redesignated as Shares, and the consideration per Share receivable upon conversion, exchange, subscription or redesignation is less than 95 per cent. of the Current Market Price per Share on the Dealing Day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the terms of issue of such Securities (or the terms of such grant), the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such issue (or grant) by the following fraction:

A+B A+C

where:

A

is the number of Shares in issue immediately before such issue or grant (but

where the relevant Securities carry rights of conversion into or rights of

exchange or subscription for Shares which have been issued by the Issuer for

the purposes of or in connection with such issue, less the number of such

Shares so issued);

44

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

B

is the number of Shares which the aggregate consideration (if any) receivable

for the Shares to be issued or otherwise made available upon conversion or

exchange or upon exercise of the right of subscription attached to such

Securities or, as the case may be, for the Shares to be issued or to arise from

any such redesignation would purchase at such Current Market Price per Share;

and

C

is the maximum number of Shares to be issued or otherwise made available

upon conversion or exchange of such Securities or upon the exercise of such

right of subscription attached thereto at the initial conversion, exchange or

subscription price or rate or, as the case may be, the maximum number of

Shares which may be issued or arise from any such redesignation.

Provided that if at the time of issue of the relevant Securities or date of grant of such rights (as used in this clause C.7 the "Specified Date") such number of Shares is to be determined by reference to the application of a formula or other variable feature or the occurrence of any event at some subsequent time (which may be when such Securities are converted or exchanged or rights of subscription are exercised or, as the case may be, such Securities are redesignated or at such other time as may be provided) then for the purposes of this clause C.7, "C" (in the formula above) shall be determined by the application of such formula or variable feature or as if the relevant event occurs or had occurred as at the Specified Date and as if such conversion, exchange, subscription, purchase or acquisition or, as the case may be, redesignation had taken place on the Specified Date.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Securities or, as the case may be, the grant of such rights.

C.8 If and whenever there shall be any modification of the rights of conversion, exchange or subscription attaching to any such Securities (other than the Bonds) as are mentioned in clause C.7 above (other than in accordance with the terms (including terms as to adjustment) applicable to such Securities upon issue) so that following such modification the consideration per Share receivable has been reduced and is less than 95 per cent. of the Current Market Price per Share on the Dealing Day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the proposals for such modification, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such modification by the following fraction:

A+B A+C

where:

A

is the number of Shares in issue immediately before such modification (but

where the relevant Securities carry rights of conversion into or rights of

exchange or subscription for Shares which have been issued, purchased or

acquired by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (or at the direction or

request or pursuant to any arrangements with the Issuer or any Subsidiary of

the Issuer) for the purposes of or in connection with such issue, less the number

of such Shares so issued, purchased or acquired);

45

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

B

is the number of Shares which the aggregate consideration (if any) receivable

for the Shares to be issued or otherwise made available upon conversion or

exchange or upon exercise of the right of subscription attached to the Securities

so modified would purchase at such Current Market Price per Share or, if

lower, the existing conversion, exchange or subscription price of such

Securities; and

C

is the maximum number of Shares which may be issued or otherwise made

available upon conversion or exchange of such Securities or upon the exercise

of such rights of subscription attached thereto at the modified conversion,

exchange or subscription price or rate but giving credit in such manner as an

Independent Financial Adviser shall consider appropriate for any previous

adjustment under this clause C.8 or clause C.7 above.

Provided that if at the time of such modification (as used in this clause C.8 the "Specified Date") such number of Shares is to be determined by reference to the application of a formula or other variable feature or the occurrence of any event at some subsequent time (which may be when such Securities are converted or exchanged or rights of subscription are exercised or at such other time as may be provided) then for the purposes of this clause C.8, "C" (in the formula above) shall be determined by the application of such formula or variable feature or as if the relevant event occurs or had occurred as at the Specified Date and as if such conversion, exchange or subscription had taken place on the Specified Date.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of modification of the rights of conversion, exchange or subscription attaching to such Securities.

C.9 If and whenever the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or (at the direction or request of or pursuant to any arrangements with the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer) any other company, person or entity shall offer any Securities in connection with which offer Shareholders as a class are entitled to participate in arrangements whereby such Securities may be acquired by them (except where the Conversion Price falls to be adjusted under clause C.2, C.3, C.4, C.6 or C.7 or clause 10.2 (or would fall to be so adjusted if the relevant issue or grant was at less than 95 per cent. of the Current Market Price per Share on the relevant Dealing Day) or under clause C.5) the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately before the making of such offer by the following fraction:

A- B A

where:

A

is the Current Market Price of one Share on the Dealing Day immediately

preceding the date on which the terms of such offer are first publicly

announced; and

B

is the Fair Market Value on the date of such announcement of the portion of

the relevant offer attributable to one Share.

46

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Shares are traded ex-rights on the Relevant Stock Exchange.
C.10 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, where the events or circumstances giving rise to any adjustment pursuant to this clause C.10 have already resulted or will result in an adjustment to the Conversion Price or where the events or circumstances giving rise to any adjustment arise by virtue of any other events or circumstances which have already given or will give rise to an adjustment to the Conversion Price or where more than one event which gives rise to an adjustment to the Conversion Price occurs within such a short period of time that, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, a modification to the operation of the adjustment provisions is required to give the intended result, such modification shall be made to the operation of the adjustment provisions as may be advised by an Independent Financial Adviser to be in its opinion appropriate to give the intended result.
C.11 For the purpose of any calculation of the consideration receivable or price pursuant to clauses C.4, C.6, C.7 and C.8, the following provisions shall apply:
(a) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Shares issued for cash shall be the amount of such cash;
(b) (x) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Shares to be issued or otherwise made available upon the conversion or exchange of any Securities shall be deemed to be the consideration or price received or receivable for any such Securities and (y) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Shares to be issued or otherwise made available upon the exercise of rights of subscription attached to any Securities or upon the exercise of any options, warrants or rights shall be deemed to be that part (which may be the whole) of the consideration or price received or receivable for such Securities or, as the case may be, for such options, warrants or rights which are attributed by the Issuer to such rights of subscription or, as the case may be, such options, warrants or rights or, if no part of such consideration or price is so attributed, the Fair Market Value of such rights of subscription or, as the case may be, such options, warrants or rights as at the date of the first public announcement of the terms of issue of such Securities or, as the case may be, such options, warrants or rights, plus in the case of each of (x) and (y) above, the additional minimum consideration receivable or price (if any) upon the conversion or exchange of such Securities, or upon the exercise of such rights or subscription attached thereto or, as the case may be, upon exercise of such options, warrants or rights and (z) the consideration receivable or price per Share upon the conversion or exchange of, or upon the exercise of such rights of subscription attached to, such Securities or, as the case may be, upon the exercise of such options, warrants or rights shall be the aggregate consideration or price referred to in (x) or (y) above (as the case may be) divided by the number of Shares to be issued upon such conversion or exchange or exercise at the initial conversion, exchange or subscription price or rate;
(c) if the consideration or price determined pursuant to (a) or (b) above (or any component thereof) shall be expressed in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner it shall be converted into Norwegian Kroner at such rate of exchange as may be
47

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser to be the spot rate ruling at the close of business on the date of the first public announcement of the terms of issue of such Securities (or if no such rate is available on that date, the equivalent rate on the immediately preceding date on which such rate is available); and
(d) in determining consideration or price pursuant to the above, no deduction shall be made for any commissions or fees (howsoever described) or any expenses paid or incurred for any underwriting, placing or management of the issue of the relevant Shares or Securities or otherwise in connection therewith.
C.12 If the Conversion Date in relation to the conversion of any Bond shall be after any consolidation or sub-division as is mentioned in clause C.1, or after the record date or other due date for the establishment of entitlement for any such issue, distribution, grant or offer (as the case may be) as is mentioned in clauses C.2, C.3, C.4, C.5 or C.9, or after any such issue or grant as is mentioned in clause C.6 and C.7, in any case in circumstances where the relevant Conversion Date falls before the relevant adjustment becomes effective under this clause C (such adjustment, a "Retroactive Adjustment"), then the Issuer shall (conditional upon the relevant adjustment becoming effective) procure that there shall be issued or delivered to the converting Bondholder, such additional number of Shares (if any) (the "Additional Shares") as, together with the Shares issued or to be issued or delivered on conversion of the relevant Bond (together with any fraction of a Share not so issued), is equal to the number of Shares which would have been required to be issued or delivered on conversion of such Bond if the relevant adjustment (more particularly referred to in the said provisions of this clause C) to the Conversion Price had in fact been made and become effective immediately prior to the relevant Conversion Date. Additional Shares will be delivered to Bondholders not later than 10 Banking Days following the date the relevant Retroactive Adjustment becomes effective (the "Reference Date").
C.13 No adjustment will be made to the Conversion Price where Shares or other Securities (including rights, warrants and options) are issued, offered, exercised, allotted, appropriated, modified or granted to, or for the benefit of, employees or former employees (including Directors holding or formerly holding executive office or the personal service company of any such person) or their spouses or relatives, in each case, of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or any associated company or to trustees to be held for the benefit of any such person, in any such case pursuant to any employees' share or option scheme.
C.14 On any adjustment, the resultant Conversion Price, if not an integral multiple of USD 0.01, shall be rounded down to the nearest whole multiple of USD 0.01. No adjustment shall be made to the Conversion Price where such adjustment (rounded down if applicable) would be less than one per cent. of the Conversion Price then in effect. Any adjustment not required to be made, and/or any amount by which the Conversion Price has been rounded down, shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment, and such subsequent adjustment shall be made on the basis that the adjustment not required to be made had been made at the relevant time. Prior to the
48

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Reverse Share Split, any reference in this Clause C.14 to "USD 0.01"should be read as "USD 0.0002".4
Notice of any adjustments to the Conversion Price shall be given by the Issuer to Bondholders and the Loan Trustee promptly after the determination thereof.
The Conversion Price shall not in any event be reduced to below the nominal value of the Shares and the Issuer undertakes that it shall not take any action, and shall procure that no action is taken, that would otherwise result in an adjustment to the Conversion Price to below such nominal value.
C.15 If changes are made in the share capital other than those mentioned above, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders compared to the Shareholders, the Loan Trustee and the Issuer shall agree on a new Conversion Price. This also applies to other transactions, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders.
C.16 If the Conversion Price is below par value of the Shares, par value of the Shares still applies, and the Issuer shall upon conversion pay the Bondholders the difference between the par value of the Shares and the Conversion Price.
C. 17 If an adjustment of the Conversion Price requires a conversion to USD, the exchange rate shall be the Exchange Rate on the date triggering such adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, when calculating weighted averages over several days, the Exchange Rate should be applied on each relevant day.
D Merger and de-merger
D. 1 If the Issuer prior to the expiry of the Conversion Period decides on a statutory merger (in accordance with prevailing legislation from time to time) in which the Issuer is the acquired company, each Bondholder has the right to require the Bonds to be redeemed at par plus accrued interest.
The Issuer shall give the Bondholders written notification through the Securities Depository at the latest five (5) Banking Days after notification of the merger. The notification shall refer to the regulations and deadlines of clause D.2.
D.2 Request for redemption takes place by the Bondholder notifying his Account Managers at the latest two (2) months after notification of the merger. Each Bondholder's Account Managers shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent.
Redemption shall take place five (5) Banking Days after the acquiring company has notified that the merger shall be effective or, if later, five (5) Banking Days following the expiry of the two (2) months period.
D.3 In the case of any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Issuer with any other corporation (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which the Issuer is the continuing corporation), or in the case of any sale or transfer of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Issuer, the Issuer will take such steps as shall be required by the
4To be deleted upon execution of reverse split.
49

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Loan Trustee (including the execution of an agreement supplemental to or amending the Loan Agreement) to ensure that each Bond then outstanding will (during the period in which Conversion Rights may be exercised) be converted into the class and amount of shares and other securities and property receivable upon such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer by a holder of the number of Shares which would have become liable to be issued upon exercise of Conversion Rights immediately prior to such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer. Such supplemental agreement deed will provide for adjustments which will be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in clause C. The above will apply mutatis mutandis to any subsequent consolidations, amalgamations, mergers, sales or transfers. D.4 If the Issuer decides on a merger in which the Issuer is the acquiring company, and the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in the form of shares only, subject to confirmation from an Independent Financial Adviser that such is the case, no adjustment will be made to the Conversion Price. If the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in any other form, in full or partly, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted according to such provision of clause C as an Independent Financial Adviser shall determine to be most appropriate. D.5 The provisions in this clause D have no limitation on the creditor's right of objection
to the merger or de-merger.
50

