NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.trustee.no

To the bondholders in ISIN NO 001 056160.8 - Marine Subsea Cyprus Holdings Limited Exchange Bonds - Series I

Oslo, 22 December 2009

PROPOSAL TOAMEND LOAN AGREEMENT IN RELATION TO LIFTER BARGE SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee" or "NTM") is appointed as trustee in the above mentioned bonds consisting of ISIN NO 001 056160.8 (the "Series I Bonds") issued by Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding s Limited (the "Borrower").

All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement dated 16 December 2009, and any amendments made to it (the "Loan Agreement") or the summons to this bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.

1 BACKGROUND

Completion of a restructuring of the FRN bonds issued by Marine Subsea AS took placed on 16 December 2009 and the Series I Bonds were issued on this date.

On 14 December 2009, the Loan Trustee gave notice that the holders of the Series I Bonds (the "Bondholders") would be asked to approve an amendment to the Loan Agreement in relation to the Lifter barge, following completion of the restructuring.

2

PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT

Under the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Series I Bonds are entitled to the benefit of a first ranking mortgage and assignment of earnings over the Lifter barge upon delivery to Marine Subsea Lifter Limited. In order to take delivery of the Lifter barge, Marine Subsea Lifter Limited is required to pay a final instalment of approximately US$10 million to the Yantai shipyard (the "Instalment").

The Borrower and Marine Subsea Lifter Limited have insufficient funds to pay both the Instalment and the currently accumulated interest on the Series I Bonds and on the Exchange Bonds - Series II (with ISIN No 001 056161.6) (the "Series II Bonds"). The Lifter barge is now ready for delivery and the Borrower is keen for Marine Subsea Lifter Limited to take delivery of the barge so that it can secure an employment opportunity and start generating a revenue stream. However, once the Borrower pays the Instalment, it may have insufficient remaining cash available to it to pay the accumulated interest on the Series I Bonds and the Series II Bonds. The Borrower has therefore been in discussions with financing sources to obtain a US$6 million loan to enable it to pay both the Instalment and the accumulated interest (the "Loan").

The Borrower has reached agreement in principle with a Singapore company, Leung Kee Holdings Limited (which is indirectly connected to the Yantai yard), regarding the provision of this Loan. The key terms of the Loan are as follows:

(a) the principal amount of the Loan shall be US$6 million.

(b) the borrower shall be Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Limited.

(c) the lender shall be Leung Kee Holdings Limited. ,

V'

M A ILIN G A D D R ESS # P .O .B O X 1 4 7 b V IK A , N -O IIO OSLO

_
LO CATIO N © HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail · mail@trustee.no

N O R SK TILLITSM A N N ASA
(d) the Loan shall be repaid in equal monthly instalments of US$1 million with the first instalment payable on 30 April 2010.
(e) the Loan shall accrue interest at 15% per annum. (f) the Loan shall be unsecured.

Provided the Loan is drawn, the Borrower has agreed to pay US$6 million of the currently accumulated interest on the Series I Bonds and the Series II Bonds within 10 calendar days of the Loan being drawn and the balance of the accumulated interest on or before 15 February 2009, as opposed to the accumulated interest being paid within 3 months of16 December 2009 (as currently contemplated by the Loan Agreement).

The incurrence of this additional debt is currently prohibited by the terms of the Loan Agreement and the Borrower has requested an amendment to allow this additional debt to be incurred.

It is therefore proposed that the bondholders resolve to authorise the Loan Trustee to execute an amendment to the Loan Agreement to permit the Loan to be entered into on the terms set out above.

A majority of the Holders of the Series I Bonds have indicated that they will vote in favour of this proposal.

2

SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a bondholders' meeting:

Time: 8 January 2010 at 13:00 (Oslo time) Place: The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of summons 2. Approval of agenda 3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Consent to certain proposals:

It is proposed that the bondholders' meeting resolve the following resolution:

That the Loan Trustee is authorised to enter into an amendment to the Loan Agreement to permit the Borrower to incur the Loan on the terms set out in this Summons.

To approve the above resolution, bondholders representing at least 5/10 of each of the Series I Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the Series I Bonds must be represented at the meeting.
***

Please find attached a bondholder's form from the Securities Depository (VPS) ("Bondholder's Form"), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Series I Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the Bondholder's Form - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in the Bondholder's Form on which the bonds are registered.)

W ' x N O R SK TILLITSM A N N ASA
The individual bondholder may authorise-NofSl^Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Series I Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new bondholder must bring to the bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Series I Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) by 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) on the banking day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Ola Nygård
Enclosed: Bondholder's Forms

