ISIN NO 001 0713779 EXECUTION VERSION
AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT No. 2 between
Xcite Energy Resources Plc (Issuer)
Xcite Energy Limited (Parent) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
Xcite Energy Resources Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016
302062668

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

1.

DEFINITIONS............................................................................................................................... 1

2.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT..................................................................................................... 2

3.

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF THE EXISTING BOND AGREEMENT........ 2

4.

FINANCE DOCUMENTS...........................................................................................................2

5.

AUTHORISATION OF THE BOND TRUSTEE...................................................................... 3

6.

FURTHER ASSURANCES.........................................................................................................3

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES........................................................................... 3

8.

MISCELLANEOUS..................................................................................................................... 4

9.

GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION............................................. 4

i 302062668

THIS AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT NO. 2 (this "Amendment and Restatement Agreement") is made on J 0 September 2016.
BETWEEN:
(1) Xcite Energy Resources Pic (formerly known as Xcite Energy Resources Limited), a company existing under the laws of England and Wales with registration number 04560068, as issuer (the "Issuer");
(2) Xcite Energy Limited (a company existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands with company registration BC number 1376877) as guarantor (the "Parent"); and
(3) Nordic Trustee ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee"),
(together, the "Parties").
WHEREAS:
(A) The Issuer, the Parent and the Bond Trustee entered into a bond agreement dated 27 June 2014 (as amended and/or restated from time to time, including by Amendment and Restatement Agreement No. 1 dated 30 June 2016) (the "Bond Agreement") in respect of the bond issue "Xcite Energy Resources Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016" with ISINNO 001 0713779.
(B) Pursuant to the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has issued a series of bonds in a principal amount of USD 135,000,000.
(C) Pursuant to a Written Resolution passed on 30 September 2016 (the "Written Resolution"), the Bondholders have, amongst other things, approved certain amendments to the terms of the Bond Agreement (the "Amendments") as reflected in the amended and restated bond agreement attached to this Amendment and Restatement Agreement as Schedule 1 (the "Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement").
(D) On the terms set forth herein, the Parties have agreed to enter into this Amendment and Restatement Agreement to provide for such further amendment of the Bond Agreement.
1. DEFINITIONS
In this Amendment and Restatement Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
"Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Recital (C).
"Bond Agreement" has the meaning given to it in Recital (A).
"Effective Date" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.
"Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement" has the meaning given to it in Recital (C).
1
302062668

"Written Resolution" has the meaning given to it in Recital (C).

Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment and Restatement Agreement shall have the meanings given to them in the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.

2.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

The coming into effect of the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement shall be subject to the Bond Trustee having confirmed in writing to the Issuer the satisfaction or waiver (by the Bond Trustee) of the following conditions precedent (each to be in form and content acceptable to the Bond Trustee, acting reasonably) (the date of such confirmation being the "Effective Date"):

(a) receipt by the Bond Trustee of certified copies of the following:

(i) the articles of association and certificate of incorporation of the Issuer and the Parent;

(ii) corporate resolutions of the Issuer and the Parent approving the Amendments and the entry into and execution of this Amendment and Restatement Agreement (and with that, the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement) and such other documents as shall be entered into and executed as a consequence of the Amendments; and

(iii) if not included in any resolution referred to in subparagraph (a)(ii) above, a power of attorney to the representatives of the Issuer and the Parent for the execution of this Amendment and Restatement Agreement (and with that, the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement) and such other documents as shall need to be executed and registered as a consequence of the Amendments; and

(b) the Bond Trustee having received from the Issuer such financial information about the Issuer and the Parent as the Bond Trustee may require.

3.

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF THE EXISTING BOND AGREEMENT

With effect from the Effective Date, the Bond Agreement shall be and is hereby amended and restated in the form of the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement set out in Schedule 1 to this Amendment and Restatement Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the parties to the Bond Agreement shall, on and from the Effective Date, be governed by and construed in accordance with the provisions of the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.

4.

FINANCE DOCUMENTS

4.1 This Amendment and Restatement Agreement is a Finance Document for the purpose of the Bond Agreement.

2 302062668

4.2 Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that, with effect from the Effective Date, each reference in any Finance Document to the Bond Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.

4.3 Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that, except as expressly provided in this Amendment and Restatement Agreement or in the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement, each of the Finance Documents to which it is a party remains in full force and effect.

5.

AUTHORISATION OF THE BOND TRUSTEE

By passing the Written Resolution, the Bondholders have granted authority to the Bond Trustee to finalise and execute this Amendment and Restatement Agreement (and by that, the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement) on their behalf and to take all other actions that the Bond Trustee reasonably determines are necessary or desirable in order to implement the terms of the Amendments.

6.

FURTHER ASSURANCES

The Issuer and the Parent shall, at their own expense, take whatever actions the Bond Trustee may reasonably require for the purposes of implementing the Amendments pursuant to the terms of this Amendment and Restatement Agreement and the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1 The Issuer and the Parent hereby represent and warrant that as at the date of this Amendment and Restatement Agreement and as at the Effective Date:

(a) each of the Issuer and the Parent has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of, the Finance Documents; and

(b) the entry into and performance by the Issuer and the Parent of this Amendment and Restatement Agreement and the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) any of their articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement that is binding on the Issuer or the Parent.

7.2 The Issuer and the Parent agree that the representations and warranties in clause 7 of the Bond Agreement are incorporated by reference in this Amendment and Restatement Agreement and are made by the Issuer and the Parent to the Bond Trustee on (i) the date of this Amendment and Restatement Agreement; and (ii) the Effective Date.

7.3 The Issuer and the Parent shall indemnify the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) for any economic losses suffered as a result of relying on the representations and warranties given by the Issuer or the Parent herein.

3 302062668

8.

MISCELLANEOUS

8.1 Invalidity of any Provision

If any provision of this Amendment and Restatement Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any law, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected or impaired in any way.

8.2 Counterparts

This Amendment and Restatement Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and all of those counterparts taken together will be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.

9. GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION

9.1 Governing Law

This Amendment and Restatement Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it) and all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment and Restatement Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.

9.2 Venue

All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment and Restatement Agreement shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as the sole legal venue.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

4 302062668

IN W IT N E SS w hereof this A m endm ent and Restatem ent Agreem ent has been duly executed on the date first above written.

Xcite Energy Resources Pic
Xr-------------------- f c----- C-- jy!------
By: f A isl. c-v--s*--» Position:

Nordic Trustee ASA
By: Position:

Xcite Energy Limited

Xr^--- s£*
By: Position:

C i^o

302062668

Signature Page to A mendment and Restatement A greement

IN W IT N E SS w hereof this A m endm ent and Restatem ent A greem ent has been duly executed on the date first above written.

Xcite Energy Resources Pic
By: Position:

Nordic Trustee ASA
position: Morten S. Bredesen

Xcite Energy Limited
By: Position:

302062668

Signature Page to Amendment and Restatement Agreement

SCHEDULE 1 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT
302062668

ISIN NO 001 0713779
AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT between
Xcite Energy Resources Plc (Issuer)
Xcite Energy Limited (Parent) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue Xcite Energy Resources Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016
302062675 v2

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST 10 M ATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEM PTION 11 PAYM ENTS 12 ISSU ER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BO ND HO LDERS' M EETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 M ISCELLANEOUS
302062675 v2

This agreement (this "Bond Agreement") is dated 27 June 2014 and is amended and restated pursuant to Amendment and Restatement Agreement No. 1 and Amendment and Restatement Agreement No. 2:

BETWEEN:

(1)

Xcite Energy Resources Plc (formerly known as Xcite Energy Resources Limited), a

company existing under the laws of England and Wales with registration number 04560068,

as issuer (the "Issuer");

(2)

Xcite Energy Limited (a company existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands with

company registration BC number 1376877) as guarantor (the "Parent"); and

(3)

Nordic Trustee ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions

In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Accounts" means:

(a)

the Escrow Account;

(b)

the Earnings Account(s); and

(c)

the Retention Account.

"Account Bank(s)" means (i) for the Escrow Account and the Retention Account, the Paying Agent and (ii) for the Earnings Account(s), one or more international banks (with minimum "A-" credit rating from Standard & Poor's Rating Services or "A3" credit rating from Moody's Investors Service Limited).

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Additional Guarantor(s)" means any future Material Subsidiaries (but excluding the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary).

"Additional Security Interest" means any Security created (or to be created) in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Document, including but not limited to the following Security:

(a)

a first priority share charge over all of the Parent's (or other Group Company which

is the direct owner of such Material Subsidiary) shares in any future Material

Subsidiary (other than the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary);

3/54
302062675 v2

(b)

an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee in favour of the Bond

Trustee from each future Material Subsidiary (other than the Production Platform

Project Finance Subsidiary);

(c)

a first priority English law debenture granted by each future Material Subsidiary

(other than the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary) comprising certain

first priority assignments and fixed and floating charges over such Material

Subsidiary's assets more particularly described in such debenture, as follows:

(i)

to the extent permitted by applicable law and the terms of the relevant

Project Agreement, a first priority assignment of all of the rights to and

title and interest, whether present or future, of such Material Subsidiary

in, to or arising under or in relation to the Project Agreements (other than

the Licences) and the Material Subsidiary shall give notices and seek to

obtain consents (if required thereunder) and acknowledgements of such

assignment from the relevant contract parties;

(ii)

a first priority fixed charge over the Licences and, to the extent that such

rights cannot be effectively assigned under (i) above, a first priority fixed

charge over the Project Agreements, and all of the rights to and title and

interest whether present or future, of such Material Subsidiary in, to or

arising under or in relation to the Project Agreements;

(iii) a first priority fixed charge over all of such Material Subsidiary's goodwill;

(iv) a first priority floating charge over all of such Material Subsidiary's property, assets, rights and revenues, present and future, to the extent that such property, assets, rights and revenues are not effectively charged by way of fixed security or assignment; and

(v)

a first priority fixed charge over any Earnings Account(s) of such

Material Subsidiary and the amount from time to time standing to the

credit of such Earnings Account(s);

(d)

if (a) a Production Platform Charter, or (b) an operational lease arrangement/charter

contract for the chartering in of the Platform from a third party is entered into, an

assignment by the Issuer of all its rights under any such contract in favour of the

Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders); and

(e)

any future (i) assets, rights and revenues, including any Licences, any Project

Agreement and any Project Proceeds acquired, entered into or accrued by any

Group Company (other than the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary,

but including the Parent and the Issuer) and (ii) any future Subordinated Loan or

Intra-Group Loans (other than loans to the Production Platform Project Finance

Subsidiary) shall form part of the Security.

"Aggregate Cash Balance" has the meaning set out in Clause 13.6.1(b).

"Amendment and Restatement Agreement No. 1" means the amendment and restatement agreement no. 1 in respect of the Bond Agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Parent and the Bond Trustee dated 30 June 2016.

4/54
302062675 v2

"Amendment and Restatement Agreement No. 2" means the amendment and restatement agreement no. 2 in respect of the Bond Agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Parent and the Bond Trustee dated 30 September 2016.
"Assignments of Intra-group Loans" means the first priority English law assignments by way of security from the Parent in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) of all its rights to and title and interest, whether present or future, under any Subordinated Loans and any Intra-Group Loans.
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bentley Field" means the heavy oil field discovered in, under or in connection with the Bentley Licence.
"Bentley Field Development Costs" means: at all times, capital and lease costs relating to the development of the Bentley Field (and as recognized as capital and lease costs according to IFRS) including without limitation expenditure incurred by the Issuer in accordance with its IFRS accounting policies and as consistently capitalised in its intangible exploration and evaluation assets, the costs and cash deposited in escrow accounts (in the ordinary course of business and as permitted under paragraph e) of the definition of Permitted Security required to be paid in connection with the front end engineering and design, construction, development wells, subsea facilities, offshore pipelines, umbilicals, production facilities, offshore and onshore processing and storage facilities, floating storage and offloading facilities (including any costs related to the modification o f existing infrastructure for hydrocarbon export from the Bentley Field through nearby hydrocarbon-producing facilities or costs related to any other production facility utilized by Bentley Field), marketing and offtake services and transportation facilities, abandonment and any payments to make provision for abandonment costs, together with all day-to-day operating costs relating to any o f the capital and lease costs, and any interest and financing costs, fees or similar expenses in connection therewith.
Notwithstanding the above, the Bentley Field Development Costs include the payment o f any lease/charter hire for the chartering in by the Issuer of the Production Platform, from a third party or from the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary under the Production Platform Charter, but exclude any (i) direct capital investment in the construction/acquisition (other than the front end engineering and design) of the Production Platform or (ii) equity investment in, or shareholder loans to, the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary.
"Bentley FSO" means the floating storage and offloading vessel to be used by the Issuer in connection with the Bentley Field.
"Bentley Interest" means the Issuer's undivided right, title and interest in the Bentley Licence.
"Bentley Licence" means United Kingdom Seaward Production Licence P1078 (Block 9/3b) and any future licence in relation to which hydrocarbons are produced from, through or in connection with the Bentley Field but, for the avoidance o f doubt, excluding the licences relating to Blocks 9/3c and 9/3d.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
5/54
302062675 v2

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds (including Bonds issued as PIK Interest where applicable).

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.

"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

"Book Equity Ratio" means Group Equity to Total Assets.

"Business Day" means any day on which the commercial banks in Norway and New York are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Norway and New York.

"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding that the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) due on such date will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o f Business Day).

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.

"Cash and/or Cash Equivalent" means, on any date, the aggregate on such date of the then current market value of:

(a)

cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or deposit

accounts with an acceptable bank; and

(b)

time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of

exchange accepted, by an acceptable bank;

in each case to which any relevant Group Company is beneficially entitled at the time and to which any Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to Security, other than the charges over the Accounts.

An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is:

(i)

a commercial bank, savings bank, trust company which has a rating of A-

or higher from Standard & Poor's or A3 or higher from Moody's or a

comparable rating from a nationally recognized credit rating agency for

its long term debt obligations; or

(ii)

a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking

business in Norway which has a rating of A- or higher from Standard &

Poor's or A3 or higher from Moody's or A- or higher from Fitch.

"Change of Control Event" means (i) any person, or a group of persons under the same Decisive Influence, or two or more persons acting in concert obtaining Decisive Influence over the Parent, or (ii) a de-listing of the Parent's shares from AIM that does not occur in connection with a listing of the Parent's shares on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) main list or another internationally recognized stock exchange reasonably acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

"Compliance Certificate" has the meaning set out in Clause 13.2.2.

6/54
302062675 v2

"Consent Fee" means the consent fee payable under clause 2.1 of Amendment and Restatement Agreement No. 1 in an amount of USD 1,432,215, such amount being equal to one per cent (1%) of the principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds as at 30 June 2016 (which principal amount shall include the Outstanding Bonds issued as PIK Interest pursuant to Clause 9.4 on 30 June 2016).

"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding and/or other arrangement and/or through the direct and/or indirect ownership of shares and/or other ownership interests in another person:

(a)

a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or

(b)

a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of

that other person.

"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.1.

"Drop Down Farm-out Subsidiary" means a subsidiary initially owned one hundred per cent (100%) by the Parent and specifically set up to enable a tax efficient farm-out transaction to be undertaken by the Issuer in relation to the Bentley Interest or other Licenses.

"Earnings Account" means each of the account(s) established in the name of the Issuer (or any Material Subsidiary being an owner of a Licence accruing Project Proceeds), to be charged/pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) but not blocked unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

"Escrow Account" means an account, to be established in the name of the Issuer held with the Paying Agent prior to the Issue Date, pledged and blocked on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Escrow Account Pledge as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.

"Existing Notes" means the USD 80,000,000 (U.S. Dollar eighty million) outstanding senior unsecured notes issued by the Parent dated 30 December 2013 as amended from time to time.

"Existing RBL" means a USD 155,000,000 (U.S. Dollar one hundred and fifty five million) Senior Secured Loan and Letter of Credit Facility Agreement entered into by the Issuer and, amongst others, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, dated 21 June 2012 as amended from time to time.

"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.

"Fair Market Value" means the value that would be paid by a willing buyer to an unaffiliated willing seller (on arm's length terms) in a transaction not involving distress or necessity of either party, determined in good faith by (i) the chief financial officer of the Issuer for transactions valued at less than USD 5,000,000 (U.S. Dollar five million); or (ii) the Board of Directors of the Issuer for transactions valued at, or in excess of, USD 5,000,000 (U.S. Dollar five million).

7/54
302062675 v2

Finance Document" means:

(a)

this Bond Agreement;

(b)

the Security Documents;

(c)

the fee agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee;

(d)

the Subordination Agreement entered into in relation to the Subordinated Loan

Agreement;

(e)

any other document the Issuer and the Bond Trustee designate in writing as a

Finance Document.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(a)

moneys borrowed;

(b)

any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or

dematerialized equivalent;

(c)

any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds,

notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(d)

the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which

would, in accordance with IFRS applicable at the Issue Date, be treated as finance

or capital lease;

(e)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are

sold on a non-recourse basis);

(f)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or

purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(g)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or

benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any

derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);

and

(h)

the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the

items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer and consolidated annual financial statements of the Parent for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.

"Financial Support" means any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of Security) granted by a Group Company for the benefit of any third party or other Group Company.

"First Disbursement" means the first disbursement from the Escrow Account.

"Fixed Rate" means a fixed rate of twelve per cent (12%) per annum.

8/54
302062675 v2

"Group" means the Parent and all its (directly or indirectly owned) Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").

"Group Equity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with IFRS.

"Guarantees" means the unconditional and irrevocable English law on-demand guarantees to be issued by the Guarantors (on a joint and several basis) in favour of the Bond Trustee securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other of the Finance Documents, including interest, costs and expenses.

"Guarantors" means the Parent and any future Material Subsidiaries (but excluding the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary) (each a "Guarantor").

"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, and guidelines and interpretations issued thereto by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Interest Payment Date" means 30 September, 31 December, 31 March and 30 June each year after the Issue Date and until the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Intra-Group Loans" means any unsecured financing provided by the Parent to any other Group Companies (other than the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary and the Issuer) or from any Group Companies to the Parent. Any Intra-Group Loans from any Group Company (other than the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary) to the Parent shall not be interest bearing or any interest shall be accumulated and fall due for payment after the Maturity Date. Intra-Group Loans shall be evidenced by a written loan agreement.

"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated semi-annual financial statements of the Issuer and the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Parent for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date other than 31 December, drawn up according to IFRS.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.

"Issue Date" means 30 June 2014.

"Issue Amount" means USD 135,000,000.

"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.

"Issuer Debenture" means a first priority English law debenture granted by the Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee comprising certain first priority assignments and fixed and floating charges over the Issuer's assets as more particularly described in the Issuer Debenture, as follows:

(a)

to the extent permitted by applicable law and the terms of the relevant Project

Agreement, a first priority assignment of all of the rights to and title and interest,

whether present or future, of the Issuer in, to or arising under or in relation to the

Project Agreements (other than the Licences);

(b)

a first priority fixed charge over the Licences and, to the extent that such rights

cannot be effectively assigned under (a) above a first priority fixed charge over the

9/54
302062675 v2

Project Agreements, and all of the rights to and title and interest whether present or future, of the Issuer in, to or arising under or in relation to the Project Agreements;

(c)

a first priority fixed charge over all of the Issuer's goodwill;

(d)

a first priority floating charge over all of the Issuer's property, assets, rights and

revenues, present and future, to the extent that such property, assets, rights and

revenues are not effectively charged by way of fixed security or assignment; and

(e)

a first priority fixed charge over the Issuer Earnings Account(s) and the amount

from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Earnings Account(s).

"Issuer Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority Norwegian law pledge over the Issuer's claims against the Paying Agent for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Escrow Account, where the Paying Agent has waived any set-off rights.

"Issuer Retention Account Pledge" means the first priority Norwegian law pledge to be entered into between the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Issuer's claims against the Account Bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Retention Account.

"Issuer Share Mortgage" means the first priority English law mortgage to be granted by the Parent in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) over all (100%) of the shares in the Issuer together, inter alia, with executed stock transfer forms and existing share certificates as security for the obligations of the Obligors under the Finance Documents.

"Legal Reservations" means the reservations and general principles of law disclosed in any legal opinion delivered pursuant to Clause 6 (Conditions Precedent).

"Licences" means the Bentley Licence and other existing and any future hydrocarbon licences or blocks (or interests therein) owned by any Group Company at any time (each a "Licence").

"Licence Cancellation Event" means if the Bentley Licence is revoked, cancelled or terminated for any reason.

"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue, Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Maud's gate 3, N-0115 Oslo, Norway.

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of any of the Obligors and/or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) any of the Obligors' or any Group Company's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Bentley Licence, this Bond Agreement or any Security Document.

"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary (from time to time) having an ownership interest in any Licence or:

(a)

whose total consolidated gross assets represent at least five per cent (5%) of the

total consolidated assets of the Group based on the latest audited annual accounts

of the Parent, or

(b)

whose total consolidated turnover represent at least five per cent (5%) of the total

consolidated net sales of the Group based on the latest audited annual accounts of

the Parent, or

10/54
302062675 v2

(c)

any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (a) all or substantially all of the

assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material

Subsidiary or (b) sufficient assets of the Group that such Subsidiary would have

been Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the balance sheet

date of the latest audited annual accounts of the Parent.

"Maturity Date" means 31 October 2016. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Minimum Cash Balance" has the meaning set out in Clause 13.6.1(a).

"Monthly Compliance Certificate" has the meaning set out in Clause 13.2.3.

"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.

"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.

"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.

"Parent Floating Charge" the first priority English law floating charge to be entered into by the Parent in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) for the charge over all of the Parent's property, assets, rights and revenues (other than any such property, assets, rights and revenues secured in relation to any Production Platform Project Financing), present and future, to the extent that such property, assets, rights and revenues are not effectively charged by way of fixed security or assignment.

"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.

"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.

"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means:

(a)

this Bond Issue;

(b)

the Production Platform Project Finance together with any related guarantee or

indemnity from the Parent and any shareholder loan from the Parent to the

Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary. Any loans under the Production

Platform Project Finance are not permitted to be drawn nor are any actual or

contingent liabilities, including in respect of commitment fees and break fees,

permitted to be incurred, while the Bonds remain outstanding (unless such

liabilities are specifically financed with proceeds of an equity issue by the Parent

that provide for payment in full of those liabilities);

(c)

guarantees issued by the Parent, the Issuer and any other Group Company (to

governments, joint venture partners in the Licences and other third parties) in the

ordinary course of business in relation to the Licences, provided that no such

guarantees shall be effective while the Bonds remain outstanding;

(d)

Subordinated Loans and other Intra-Group Loans;

11/54
302062675 v2

(e)

short term credit for goods and services or other seller's credit arrangements arising

in the ordinary course of business;

(f)

Financial Indebtedness under the Existing Notes and the Existing RBL during the

period until the First Disbursement;

(g)

indemnities given by the Parent, the Issuer or any other Group Company in respect

of existing and future letters of credit relating to field development, operations and

decommissioning; and

(h)

any other Financial Indebtedness not referred to above up to an aggregate amount

of USD 5,000,000 (U.S. Dollar five million) (or its equivalent in other currencies)

at any time on a consolidated basis for the Group.

"Permitted Security" means:

(a)

any security constituted by any Security Document;

(b)

any security relating to the Existing RBL or the Existing Notes during the period

until the First Disbursement;

(c)

the Production Platform Project Finance Security;

(d)

any cash collateral for letters of credit required by contractual obligations or by law

relating to field development, operations and decommissioning, including

abandonment liabilities;

(e)

any cash deposited in escrow accounts in the ordinary course of business and as

required by contractual obligations or by law relating to field development,

operations and decommissioning, including abandonment liabilities;

(f)

any netting or setting-off arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of

banking arrangements which has the effect of netting debit and credit balances;

(g)

any security in relation to joint operating agreements (in favour of any counterparty

under such agreement) over the Group's (whenever relevant) interest in such

agreement and which only secures obligations owing to such counterparty under

the relevant agreement and not any Financial Indebtedness, provided that no such

rights shall become effective while the Bonds are outstanding;

(h)

any retention of title arrangements affecting goods supplied to the Group arising in

the ordinary course of business (such as purchase money security interests);

(i)

any lien arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business;

(j)

security over after-acquired assets provided that it is removed within thirty (30)

days of the acquisition;

(k)

second ranking security over the Issuer's Bentley Interest and any Project Proceeds

relating to the Bentley Interest for the Production Platform Project Finance,

provided that no such rights shall become effective while the Bonds are

outstanding; and

(l)

security not otherwise permitted above (over unsecured or floating charge asset

other than the Bentley Licence, where applicable, that secures Financial

Indebtedness or other obligations up to an aggregate amount of USD 5,000,000

12/54
302062675 v2

(U.S. Dollar five million) at any one time outstanding on a consolidated basis for the Group.

"PIK Interest" means a fixed rate of three per cent (3%) per annum.

"Production Platform" means a production platform to be deployed on the Bentley Field as part o f the field development plan.

"Production Platform Charter" means a charter entered into between the Issuer and the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary where the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary as owner charters the Production Platform to the Issuer. The charter rate under the Production Platform Charter shall reflect (i) the total construction/acquisition costs for the Production Platform and (ii) any reasonable amount to cover taxes and other operational and administrative costs and expenses o f the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary.

"Production Platform Project Finance" means any shareholder loans from the Parent or equity (pro rata to the Parent's ownership interest in the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary) or other financing obtained by the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary for the financing o f the construction/acquisition o f the Production Platform through a secured loan from third party financiers on arm's length terms.

"Production Platform Project Finance Security" means any Security for the Production Platform Project Finance which may include:

(a)

a mortgage/charge over the Production Platform;

(b)

assignment o f insurances related to the Production Platform

(c)

assignment of/charge over the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary's

rights to earnings under the Production Platform Charter;

(d)

security over any other assets o f the Production Platform Project Finance

Subsidiary;

(e)

second ranking security as referred to in item (k) of the definition of "Permitted

Security" ;

(f)

guarantee from the Parent (pro rata to its ownership interest in the Production

Platform Project Finance Subsidiary);

(g)

share charge by the Parent over its shares in the Production Platform Project

Finance Subsidiary; and

(h)

assignment o f any rights o f the Parent under any shareholders loans made available

to the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary.

"Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary" means any future subsidiary directly owned in part or in full (100%) by the Parent, the main purpose of the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary being to own the Production Platform and to finance the construction/acquisition o f the Production Platform.

"Professional Adviser Fees Schedule" has the meaning set out in Clause 13.2.5.

"Project" means all developments and operations in respect of the Licences as well as the related fields, and any drilling, export and reception facilities associated therewith, including

13/54
302062675 v2

but not limited to the infrastructure required for gaining access to the hydrocarbon reserves, shipment of hydrocarbons and any onshore processing.

"Project Agreements" means:

(a)

the Licences;

(b)

each present and future contract or policy of insurance in respect of which any

Group Company (other than the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary)

has or may from time to time have an interest;

(c)

each present and future (i) joint operating agreement and/or unitization and unit

operating agreement in respect of a Licence, (ii) agreement relating to the

transportation, processing and/or storage of production from a Licence, (iii)

agreement for the sale or marketing of production from a Licence, (iv) royalty

agreement related to a Licence, and (v) any other material agreement relating to a

Licence and/or hydrocarbons produced in relation to a Licence;

(d)

any document and/or agreement relating to the acquisition by any Group Company

of any interest in a Licence relating to an exploration or development or operating

asset;

(e)

any operational lease/charter contract under Clause 13.4.17; and

(f)

any other document designated as such jointly by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

"Project Proceeds" means any income, payments, earnings or receivables of any kind (including insurance proceeds in respect of physical losses) directly or indirectly deriving from:

(a)

any Group Company's ownership in any of the Licences;

(b)

any contract of sale of the relevant Group Company's share of hydrocarbons

produced or to be produced from all fields covered by the Licences; and

(c)

the sale of any direct or indirect ownership interest in any of the Licences.

"Put Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3.1.

"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Retention Account" means the account in the name of the Issuer to be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) pursuant to the Issuer Retention Account Pledge, and in which the relevant Account Bank has waived any set-off rights. The deposited amount shall only be released and applied for payment of the four (4) last cash interest payments (not PIK Interest) in accordance with the terms of the Bond Issue.

"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

14/54
302062675 v2

"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.

"Security Interests" means:

(a)

the Issuer Share Mortgage;

(b)

the Parent Floating Charge;

(c)

the Issuer Debenture;

(d)

the Issuer Retention Account Pledge;

(e)

the Issuer Escrow Account Pledge;

(f)

the Assignment of Intra-Group Loans;

(g)

any Guarantee; and

(h)

any Additional Security Interest.

"Stam data" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subordinated Loan" means any existing and future loans to the Issuer from the Parent.

"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means any loan agreement entered or to be entered into between the Issuer (as borrower) and the Parent (as lender) prior to First Disbursement in respect of any Subordinated Loan(s), in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

"Subordination Agreement" means the agreement entered or to be entered into between the Parent and the Bond Trustee for the subordination of the Subordinated Loans, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

"Subsidiary" means any company where the Parent, directly, or indirectly, has Decisive Influence.

"Total Assets" means the book value of the Group's total assets in accordance with IFRS.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

"W ritten Resolution" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16.5.

1.2

Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease of reference only;

(b)

words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c)

references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

15/54
302062675 v2

(d)

references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be

amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority

pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other

binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g)

references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation,

government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture,

consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

THE BONDS

2.1 2.1.1 2.1.2 2.2
2.3

Binding nature of this Bond Agreement

By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the amount of USD 135,000,000 (U.S. Dollar One Hundred and Thirty Five Million). The Bonds will be issued at 90% of Face Value. At the same time as subscribing for the Bonds, each of the subscribers for Bonds shall enter into a subscription agreement where they subscribe for shares in the Parent in an amount equal to the remaining 10% of the aggregate Issue Amount, such shares to be subscribed at 68.5 pence per share.

The Face Value is USD 1 each. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "Xcite Energy Resources Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0713779.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be applied towards:

(a)

refinancing USD 80,000,000 (U.S. Dollar eighty million) of the Existing Notes

plus accrued interest and related obligations, made available to the Parent through a

part repayment by the Issuer of the existing Subordinated Loan;

(b)

transferring an amount equalling twelve (12) months of cash interest at twelve per

cent (12%) per annum on the Issue Amount plus twelve (12) months of cash

16/54
302062675 v2

interest at twelve per cent (12%) per annum on an amount equal to three per cent (3%) of the Issue Amount to the Retention Account;

(c)

servicing interest payments under the Bond Issue; and

(d)

partly funding the Bentley Field Development Costs.

3

LISTING

3.1

The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on either (i) the Nordic Alternative Bond

Market in Oslo or (ii) the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted for

trading on the Luxembourg Euro MTF.

3.2

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have

been discharged in full.

4

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall

notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond

Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may

be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as

applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due

e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business).

Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its

own cost and expense.

5.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1

Conditions Precedent to the Issue Date

6.1.1 Transfer of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account on the Issue Date will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, prior to the Issue Date:

(a)

this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b)

confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default has

occurred or is likely to occur as a result of or immediately following the issuance

of the Bonds;

17/54
302062675 v2

6.1.2

(c)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Obligors to issue the

Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(d)

(to the extent required) a power of attorney from each of the Obligors to relevant

individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from

the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individual's

authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf o f the relevant

Obligor(s);

(e)

certified copies of, for each of the Obligors, (i) its Certificate of Incorporation or

other similar official document, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing,

(ii) its Memorandum and Articles of Association, (iii) (other than in respect of the

Parent) its register of members, and (iv) its register of officers;

(f)

the Issuer's latest available Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(g)

director's or officer's certificates from the Obligors attaching the documents listed

in items (c) - (f) above;

(h)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the

Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive

(2003/71 EC)) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(i)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(j)

confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the

Securities Depository;

(k)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(l)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Escrow Account has been opened;

(m) the Issuer Escrow Account Pledge duly executed by all parties thereto, all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents being received from the Paying Agent, and evidence o f the establishment and perfection o f the Security under the Issuer Escrow Account Pledge;

(n)

copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made

public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(o)

documentation on the granting o f authority to the Bond Trustee as described in

Clause 2.1.1 and copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the

Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond

Issue; and

(p)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee

(including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions related to the

validity, perfection and enforceability o f the Finance Documents).

The Bond Trustee may, subject to the approval in writing of the Bondholders (for which purposes a sixty per cent (60%) approval threshold shall apply) (or, if the Bonds have not at that time been issued, investor(s) who, together, would according to their allocations, upon subscription hold sixty per cent (60%) o f the Issue Amount o f the Bonds), waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.1 and may as required pursuant to an agreed closing memorandum, preposition funds in order to accommodate repayment to the lenders under the Existing Notes.

18/54
302062675 v2

6.1.3
6.1.4 6.2 6.2.1

Transfer of the net proceeds from the Bonds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled (or otherwise waived in accordance with Clause 6.1.2 above).

On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.3, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

Conditions Precedent for First Disbursement

Amounts standing to the credit of the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the purposes as set out in Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization) including to pay any fees, expenses and costs (including legal costs) due and owning related to the Bond Issue, and First Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds from the Escrow Account shall be subject to customary closing mechanisms to be agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee and the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, on or prior to the time of disbursement:

(a)

a duly executed release notice from the Issuer in the form set out in Attachment 2

(Release Notice - Escrow Account) (a "Release Notice"), including, inter alia, a

statement regarding use of funds according to Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization)

(and any Release Notice to fund the Bentley Field Development Costs shall specify

the nature of such costs and (if the Issuer is no longer the operator of Bentley

Field), whether the costs are to be paid directly by the Issuer or through a `cash

call' or joint billing invoice from the billing operator, and relevant invoices or other

supporting documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be

applied in accordance with Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization)) and confirmation

that no potential or actual Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur as a

consequence of the First Disbursement;

(b)

evidence that the Existing Notes are fully repaid, or will be fully repaid, entirely as

part of the First Disbursement;

(c)

evidence that Existing RBL has been cancelled, or will be cancelled simultaneously

with the First Disbursement;

(d)

evidence that the lenders under the Existing RBL will release any outstanding

security granted to secure such facility promptly following the discharge of all

obligations thereunder;

(e)

confirmation from the Issuer that no Financial Indebtedness, Security or Financial

Support exist within the Group (other than the Permitted Financial Indebtedness or

Permitted Security);

(f)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Accounts (except for the Escrow

Account) have been opened;

(g)

all Security Documents creating the Security Interest (unless delivered under

Clause 6.1 above), as well as all applicable notices, acknowledgements and

consents required thereunder, duly executed by all parties thereto and evidence of

the establishment and perfection of the Security thereunder, or confirmation that

such documents will be perfected upon First Disbursement;

(h)

the Subordinated Loan Agreement duly executed;

19/54
302062675 v2

(i)

any other relevant Finance Documents (unless delivered on or prior to the Issue

Date) being in acceptable form and duly executed by the parties thereto;

(j)

copies of written instructions to the Paying Agent to transfer an amount as referred

to in Clause 2.3(b) to the Retention Account;

(k)

copies of necessary corporate resolutions from the Obligors to execute the Security

Documents and any other relevant Finance Document (unless delivered prior to the

Issue Date, then a confirmation that all corporate resolutions delivered prior to the

Issue Date remain in full force and effect and that no amendment have been made

thereto, shall be given);

(l)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee

(including any capacity corporate opinions for the Obligors and opinions related to

the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents (unless

covered by the legal opinion delivered under Clause 6.1.1(p) above);

(m) a copy of the Bentley Licence as currently in force; and

(n)

any other documentation the Bond Trustee may reasonably require.

6.2.2

The Bond Trustee may, subject to the approval in writing of the Bondholders (for which purposes a sixty per cent (60%) approval threshold shall apply) (or, if the Bonds have not at that time been issued, investor(s) who, together, would according to their allocations, upon subscription hold sixty per cent (60%) of the Issue Amount of the Bonds), waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.2.1.

6.2.3

First Disbursement is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer and the Paying Agent that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled (or otherwise waived in accordance with Clause 6.2.2 above).

6.2.4

On First Disbursement, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.2.3, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

6.3 Conditions Precedent for Subsequent Disbursements

6.3.1 Each and any release of funds from the Escrow Account after the First Disbursement shall only be used for the purposes as set out in Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization) and be subject to conditions precedent as for the First Disbursement as set out in Clause 6.2.1(a) above.

7

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1 7.1.1
7.1.2

Each of the Obligors represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:
Status
It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
Power and authority

20/54
302062675 v2

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.1.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, which (subject to Legal Reservations) are enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

7.1.4 Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

7.1.5 No Event o fDefault

(a)

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown

under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any

transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(b)

No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry

of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any

combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination

event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is

binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries')

assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.1.6 Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(a)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under

this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and

(b)

to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond

Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

7.1.7 Litigation

No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against any of the Obligors or any of its Subsidiaries.

7.1.8 Financial Statements

21/54
302062675 v2

Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition in all material respects as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, consistently applied.
7.1.9 No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.1.10 No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers for the Bonds or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.1.11 No withholdings
It is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents.
7.1.12 Project Agreements
Each of the Project Agreements is in full force and effect.

7.1.13 Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

7.1.14 Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of

this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each

drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8

STATUS OF THE BONDSAND SECURITY

8.1
8.2 8.2.1

Status of the Bonds
The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for (i) Subordinated Loans (which shall rank junior to the Bonds) and (ii) such obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law).
Security
The Bonds and any otheramount outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Bond Trustee and/or the Bondholders, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured on a first priority basis by the Security Interests and the Bonds shall rank ahead of any subordinated capital.

22/54
302062675 v2

8.2.2
8.2.3 8.2.4
8.2.5 8.2.6 9

The Issuer shall grant, and ensure that the Parent and any future Material Subsidiary (as applicable) grants, Additional Security Interest on the basis of the same principles as for the existing Security Interest in the event:

(a)

an entity becomes a Material Subsidiary;

(b)

(i) a Production Platform Charter or (ii) an operational lease arrangement/charter

contract for the chartering of the Platform from a third party is entered into;

(c)

any future (i) assets, rights and revenues, including any Licenses, any Project

Agreement and any Project Proceeds are acquired, entered into or accrued by any

Group Company (other than the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary,

but including the Parent and the Issuer); or

(d)

any future Subordinated Loan or Intra-Group Loans (other than loans to the

Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary) are granted.

Such Additional Security shall be established within twenty (20) Business Days (or, in the case of a Drop Down Farm-out Subsidiary, immediately) after any such event as described in Clause 8.2.2 (a)-(d) above has occurred and the Issuer, the Parent and any other relevant Group Company shall provide any documents and take any actions required in relation to the establishment of the same.

For the avoidance of doubt, Clauses 8.2.2 and 8.2.3 shall also apply to a Drop Down Farmout Subsidiary. Any Additional Security Interest granted by or in relation to the Drop Down Farm-out Subsidiary shall be put in place (with immediate effect) at the same time as any working interest in any Licence is transferred to the Drop Down Farm-out Subsidiary. As long as the Drop Down Far-out Subsidiary remains a Group Company, the same terms and conditions, including covenants and restrictions, shall apply to the Drop Down Farm-out Subsidiary as the ones applicable to the Issuer. If the transfer of part of the Bentley Interest to the Drop Down Farm-out Subsidiary occurs substantially at the same time as the completion of the sale of the shares in the Drop Down Farm-out Subsidiary, the Bond Trustee may waive (at its own discretion) the requirements of this paragraph.

Any future Material Subsidiary shall become a party to this Bond Agreement as an Additional Guarantor.

In the event of a sale or other disposal of any interest in or under any of the Licences or other assets in accordance with the terms of this Bond Agreement, the Bond Trustee shall release and discharge any Security Interest over and relating to such interest or asset.

INTEREST

9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the Face Value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date at the aggregate of the Fixed Rate and the PIK Interest.

9.2

Subject to Clause 9.3, the Fixed Rate interest payments shall be made quarterly in arrears on

the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 30 September

2014.

9.3

The payment of the Fixed Rate interest which would otherwise be due on 30 September 2016

shall be deferred to 31 October 2016.

9.4

Up to (and including) the Interest Payment Date which falls on 30 June 2016, the PIK

Interest shall be paid in kind or in cash at the Issuer's discretion on the Interest Payment Date

23/54
302062675 v2

in June each year and shall be compounded annually on the Interest Payment Date in June each year.

9.5

From (and excluding) the Interest Payment Date which falls on 30 June 2016, the PIK

Interest shall be paid in kind or in cash at the Issuer's discretion on each Interest Payment

Date and shall be compounded quarterly on each Interest Payment Date to the extent not paid

in cash.

9.6

Bonds issued as PIK Interest shall have the same rights as the original Bonds and shall be

repaid in cash on the Maturity Date.

9.7

The relevant Fixed Rate interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from,

and including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest

Payment Date, and thereafter from, and including, that Interest Payment Date to, but

excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.8

The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of

the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the

calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of

days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless

(i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the

calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the

month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month,

or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which

case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.9

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as

follows:

Interest

=

Face

x

Amount

Value

Fixed

x

Rate/PIK Interest

Fixed Rate/PIK Interest Day Count Fraction

10

MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

10.1 M aturity

10.1.1 Subject to Clause 10.1.2, the Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.1.2

The Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of the Bondholders, in their sole discretion, pursuant to a resolution passed under Clause 16.1 or Clause 16.5 in accordance with the voting threshold under Clause 16.3.4) may declare the Bonds to be immediately due and payable at any time prior to the Maturity Date and, in that event, the Bonds shall become immediately due and payable and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 Call Option

10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue (in whole or in part) as follows (a "Call Option"):

(a)

with settlement date at any time from the Issue Date to, but not including, the

Interest Payment Date falling twelve (12) months after the Issue Date, at a price

equivalent to the sum of:

(i)

the present value on the relevant record date of one hundred and six point

five per cent (106.5%) of par value as if such payment originally should

24/54
302062675 v2

have taken place on the Interest Payment Day falling twelve (12) months after the Issue Date;

(ii)

the present value of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued

interest) to and including the Interest Payment Day falling twelve (12)

months after the Issue Date; and

(iii) accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds,

both (i) and (ii) above calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50) basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the date falling twelve (12) months after the Issue Date) on the date falling ten (10) Business Days prior to the redemption date.

(b)

with settlement date any time from and including the Interest Payment Date falling

twelve (12) months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a

price equal to one hundred and six point five per cent (106.5%) of par value (plus

accrued interest on redeemed Bonds).

The applicable call price above shall be determined on the basis o f the settlement date o f the Call Option.

10.2.2

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change of control

10.3.1

Upon the occurrence o f a Change o f Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at the Call Option price applicable at that time plus accrued interest.

10.3.2

The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee o f a Change o f Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice o f the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end o f the sixty (60) calendar days exercise period o f the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date o f the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount o f each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

25/54
302062675 v2

11

PAYMENTS

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1

The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer, the Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 Currency

11.3.1

If the Bonds are denominated in currencies other than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-off and counterclaims

26/54
302062675 v2

No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event of late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2

The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1.1, cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a)

first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond

Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b)

secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under this

Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c)

thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under this Bond

Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12

ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds ("Issuer's Bonds"). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

COVENANTS

13.1 General

13.1.1

Each of the Issuer and the Parent undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.1.2

To the extent deemed applicable by the Bond Trustee, the covenants in Clause 13.2 and 13.4 (save for 13.4.14) shall apply to any future Guarantors, provided that any such Guarantors may repay Intra Group Loans from the Parent.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 Each of the Parent and the Issuer shall:

(a)

without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of

any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be

27/54
302062675 v2

expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if any Obligor

agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or

change the nature of its business;

(c)

without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them

available on the Parent's website in the English language (alternatively by

arranging for publication at Stamdata) (and in addition to sending same to the Bond

Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end

of the financial year;

(d)

without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them

available on the Parent's website in the English language (alternatively by

arranging for publication on Stamdata) (and in addition to sending same to the

Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 90 days after

the end of the relevant quarter;

(e)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory

notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers,

de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g)

if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a

copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange and fulfil any reporting

requirements from the relevant Exchange in connection with any listing of the

Bonds;

(h)

if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform

the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to

such rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond Trustee

is entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository or Paying

Agent directly); and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about its business, assets and

financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

Subject to Clause 13.6.3, the Issuer and the Parent shall in connection with the publication of their financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's and the Parent's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer and the Parent (a "Compliance Certificate").

13.2.3

Subject to Clause 13.6.3, on the second Business Day of July 2016 and each calendar month thereafter, the Issuer and the Parent shall confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's and the Parent's compliance with the covenant in Clause 13.6.1(b) for the previous calendar month unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 3 hereto, signed

28/54
302062675 v2

by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer and the Parent (a "Monthly Compliance Certificate").

13.2.4

In the event of non-compliance by the Issuer and the Parent with their undertakings in Clauses 13.2.2 or 13.2.3 above, the Compliance Certificate or Monthly Compliance Certificate (as applicable) shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer or the Parent (as the case may be) has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.2.5

On and from 30 June 2016, the Issuer or the Parent shall deliver to the Bond Trustee on a fortnightly basis a schedule containing details of the professional adviser fees in relation to a potential restructuring of the Bonds which have been (i) accrued by, (ii) invoiced to, and/or (iii) paid by, the Issuer and the Parent in respect of each such adviser during each week from (and including) 1 June 2016 up to (and including) the date of such schedule (the "Professional Adviser Fees Schedule").

13.3 General Covenants

13.3.1 Pari passu ranking

The Issuer and Parent shall ensure that their obligations and the obligations of any other Guarantor under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

13.3.2 Mergers

The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or such Group Company with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group but may (in respect of any Group Company other than the Parent and the Issuer) if such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.3.3 De-mergers

The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or such Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, but may (in respect of any Group Company other than the Parent and the Issuer) if such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.3.4 Continuation o f business

The Parent shall not change the general nature of its business (and shall not become the direct owner of any working interest in any field or hydrocarbon assets) and shall not cease to carry on its business. Furthermore, the Parent shall ensure that the Issuer does not cease to carry on its business and that no Group Company cease to carry on its business but may (in respect of any Group Company other than the Parent or the Issuer) if such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Parent shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group and/or the Parent from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement.

13.3.5 Disposal o f business

The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets and operations (provided always that the Issuer and any other Group Company having an ownership interest in any Licence may

29/54
302062675 v2

dispose of all or part of the Bentley Interest in accordance with Clause 13.4.2 below), unless the transaction is carried out at Fair Market Value and such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of an ownership in the Bentley Licence.

13.3.6 A rm 's length transactions

The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for Fair Market Value.

13.3.7 Corporate status

None of the Issuer or the Parent shall change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation, except for conversion of the Issuer to a public company.

13.3.8 Compliance with laws

The Parent shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.3.9 Obligors

The Parent shall ensure that, the Obligors shall, in aggregate, always exceed 80% of the consolidated turnover or gross assets of the Group (as the case may be).

13.4 Issuer special covenants

13.4.1 Dividend restrictions

The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make any loans or other distributions or payments to the Parent or any other Group Company of any kind, other than the part-repayment of the existing Subordinated Loan as referred to in Clause 2.3 (a).

13.4.2 Disposal o fLicences

The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose of any all or any part of its Bentley Interest.

The Issuer shall not sell or dispose of any (direct or indirect) working interest in any of the existing or future Licences (other than the Bentley Licence), unless all of the following apply :

(a)

the transaction is carried out at Fair Market Value (such Fair Market Value to be

determined on the date of contractually agreeing to such transaction);

(b)

such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c)

the consideration for such interest is in the form of (i) Cash and/or Cash

Equivalents, and/or (ii) a development carry for future development investments,

and/or (iii) interests in producing hydrocarbon assets with a positive pre-tax cash

flow in the UK (including Scotland) at the time of the transaction; and

30/54
302062675 v2

(d)

any cash proceeds from a sale or disposal of an ownership interest in a Licence is

transferred to the Escrow Account and applied according to Clause 2.3 (d).

Any sale of any interest in any Licences, including the Bentley Licence, to a Drop Down Farm-out Subsidiary shall not constitute a disposal of Licences hereunder, provided that the Drop Down Farm-out Subsidiary is one hundred per cent (100%) owned by the Parent and the required Additional Security Interest has been provided unless the requirement for such Additional Security Interest has been waived by the Bond Trustee as referred to above. Any sale of shares in the Drop Down Farm-out Subsidiary (or sale by the Drop Down Farm-out Subsidiary of its working interest in any Licences, if applicable) to a third party is subject to the conditions set out above and shall be prohibited if the Drop Down Farm-out Subsidiary holds all or part of the Bentley Licence.

Notwithstanding the above, Licences other than the Bentley Licence may be relinquished to government after decisions on contingent and/or drill-and-drop commitments have been made.

13.4.3 Financial Indebtedness restrictions

The Issuer shall not incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (including guarantees) other than the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

13.4.4 Negative Pledge

The Issuer shall not create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance or security interest over any of its present or future assets, revenue or shares (or rights related to such shares) other than the Permitted Security (provided always that if such Permitted Security, other than as permitted under item (k) of the definition of "Permitted Security", is created over any assets, rights, revenues or shares that are subject to the Security Interest, such additional security is permitted over assets that are subject to a floating charge only, excluding the Bentley Interest, where applicable).

13.4.5 Financial support restrictions

The Issuer shall not grant any Financial Support, other than as permitted by Permitted Financial Indebtedness and Permitted Security.

13.4.6 Subordinated Loans from the Parent

The Issuer shall ensure that any existing and future Subordinated Loans are documented by means o f the Subordinated Loan Agreement and are fully subordinated to the Bonds and that no payment o f principal or interest in respect o f such Subordinated Loans shall be made during the term o f the Bonds, except for part repayment o f the existing intercompany loan as referred to in Clause 2.3 (a). Upon enforcement of the Security Interests or the Subordination Agreement, the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to procure the release o f the obligations o f the Issuer thereunder.

13.4.7 Exploration spending

The Issuer shall not make any exploration expenditures or incur any exploration obligations or obligations to incur exploration expenditure unless all such expenses are funded by cost carry from any third party company/entity or new cash equity invested in the Issuer or Subordinated Loans.

31/54
302062675 v2

13.4.8 Operations
The Issuer shall not have any activity or operations outside the UK (including Scotland), except as may be acquired in accordance with Clause 13.4.2 above.
The Issuer shall ensure that its operations are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations of material importance to its business.
13.4.9 Project Agreements
The Issuer shall (i) obtain and maintain all relevant authorizations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licences, permits, exemptions, filings or registrations in order to lawfully enter into and exercise and enforce any ownership or other rights under any Project Agreements, (ii) take all necessary action that is available to it to ensure that all Project Agreements remain in full force and effect and to prevent the termination of any such Project Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof or otherwise, and duly perform, in all material respects, its obligations and exercise its rights thereunder, (iii) exercise such voting rights or other rights it may have to ensure that the Licences are explored, developed and operated in a reasonable and prudent manner, (iv) not exercise its voting rights relating to the development of the Licences or under or in relation to any other Project Agreement in a way that could be materially prejudicial to the interest of the Issuer and (v) not enter into any agreement relating to the Project that could result in a Material Adverse Effect. Further, the Issuer shall send the Bond Trustee a copy of any new Bentley Licence or any amendment or supplement to the Bentley Licence promptly upon the same coming into force. The latest copy of the Bentley Licence (including any amendment or supplement thereto) that has been delivered to the Trustee by the Issuer from time to time may be treated by the Bond Trustee as determinative and definitive of the current status of the Bentley Licence, and shall constitute conclusive evidence on which the Trustee shall be entitled to rely for the purposes of determining compliance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, including (without limitation) whether any Event of Default has occurred under Clause 15.1.10.
13.4.10 Tax losses
The Issuer shall not take any action that would have a Material Adverse Effect in relation to the value of the Issuer's corresponding share of brought forward UK ring fence tax losses for corporation tax and supplementary charge as well as relevant tax allowances.
13.4.11 Forward sales
The Issuer shall not incur, create or permit any financial arrangement to be entered into partly or solely as a method of raising immediately available funds (including the selling of any call options) from any party which results in a right to a payment from any such arrangement deriving directly or indirectly from oil price variation attributable to oil revenue from the Licences (on a gross production basis), provided that any such arrangement may be entered into in respect of the oil revenue from a Licence directly proportional to up to fifty per cent (50%) of the prevailing ninety (90) days average gross production by volume of hydrocarbons from that Licence and such arrangements may only be entered into from the expiry of ninety (90) days after production in relation to that Licence commences and on the basis that production is continuing.
13.4.12 Licence Cancellation Event
The Issuer shall promptly inform the Bond Trustee of any notification from regulatory authorities that the Bentley Licence will or may be either revoked, cancelled or lapse and
32/54
302062675 v2

whether or not such Licence Cancellation Event would have a Material Adverse Effect, and the Bond Trustee shall notify the Bondholders of such Licence Cancellation Event.

13.4.13 Access

Following the occurrence of an Event of Default and so long as it is continuing the Bond Trustee shall have the right: (i) upon reasonable notice, to have access to the books, records and assets and operations of the Issuer, (ii) to appoint a financial advisor at the cost of the Issuer; and (iii) to discuss the affairs (which shall not limit the Bond Trustee's general right to information) of the Issuer with its auditors and management.

13.4.14 Issuer Subsidiaries

The Issuer shall not have any Subsidiaries or ownership share in other entities.

13.4.15 Retention Account

In connection with First Disbursement, the Issuer shall transfer an amount equaling twelve (12) months of cash interest at twelve per cent (12%) p.a. on the value of the Bonds at the time of First Disbursement plus twelve (12) months of cash interest at twelve per cent (12%) p.a. on an amount equal to three per cent (3%) of the value of the Bonds at the time of First Disbursement. In the event that any PIK interest is paid in cash during the first twelve (12) months, the amount initially transferred to the Retention Account shall immediately be reduced accordingly.

The Issuer shall maintain such amount in the Retention Account until: (i) the Interest Payment Date falling nine (9), six (6) and three (3) months prior to 30 June 2016, on which date it may be reduced to an amount equal to nine (9), six (6) and three (3) months' cash interest payment respectively; and (ii) 30 June 2016, on which date it may be reduced to zero.

Notwithstanding the above, if the Issuer redeems any Bonds due to the exercise of a Call Option or a Put Option, or otherwise, then the amount on the Retention Account shall be adjusted to nine (9), six (6) or three (3) months of interest (in accordance with the previous paragraph, as applicable) for the amount of Bonds outstanding following such redemption and any surplus amount may be transferred from the account at the discretion of the Issuer.

13.4.16 Application o fEarnings

The Issuer shall, and the Issuer and the Parent shall ensure that any other Material Subsidiary being the Owner of a Licence accruing Project Proceeds shall, ensure that any Project Proceeds are paid directly into the Earnings Account(s) (by the relevant contract party).

13.4.17 Production Platform for the Bentley Field and the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary

The Production Platform for the Bentley Field may be made available to the Issuer in the following manners:

(a)

an operational lease arrangement/charter contract to be entered into between the

Issuer as charterer and a third party as owner, any such operational lease/charter

contract to be entered into on arm's length terms;

(b)

under a financial lease arrangement, where (a) the Parent may have an ownership

interest in the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary, (b) the Production

Platform Project Finance Subsidiary has the legal title to or is the beneficial owner

33/54
302062675 v2

of the Production Platform and (c) the Issuer and the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary enter into a Production Platform Charter; or

(c)

under a project finance arrangement where (a) the Production Platform Project

Finance Subsidiary is owned in part or in full (100%) by the Parent, (b) the

Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary is the owner of the Production

Platform, and (c) the Issuer and the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary

enter into a Production Platform Charter.

Except for second ranking security as referred to in item (k) of the definition of "Permitted Security", the Issuer shall not provide any security in favour of such third party financiers or grant any loans to the Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary and the security for the Production Platform Project Finance shall otherwise not extend to any Licences or any Project Proceeds or to any Project Agreements not relating to the Production Platform. The Issuer shall assign its rights under the Production Platform Charter to the Bond Trustee as Additional Security Interest and the third party financiers shall issue a quiet enjoyment letter if so required by the Bond Trustee.

Any loans under the Production Platform Project Finance are not permitted to be drawn, nor are any actual or contingent liabilities, including in respect o f commitment fees and break fees, permitted to be incurred, while the Bonds remain outstanding (unless such liabilities are specifically financed with proceeds o f an equity issue by the Parent that provide for payment in full o f those liabilities).

The Production Platform Project Finance Subsidiary shall be directly owned in part or in full (100%) by the Parent and shall not hold any working interest in any Licence, and any amendment o f or extension to any Licences.

13.4.18 Amendment o fArticles o fAssociation

The Issuer shall, within 30 days of the Issue Date, amend the articles of association of the Issuer in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee and its advisers, to as to remove the requirement to give special notice to the directors in connection with a proposed resolution to remove directors, and to remove any discretion of the board of directors not to register a transfer o f shares in the Issuer.

The Issuer shall, within 10 days of the appointment of a director that is not a director on the Issue Date, provide the Bond Trustee with a signed but undated letter o f resignation from the new director for the purposes o f the Bond Trustee exercising its rights under the Issuer Share Mortgage to replace the board o f directors o f the Issuer.

13.5 Parent Special Covenants

13.5.1 Maintenance o f ownership o f the Issuer

The Parent undertakes to (i) maintain a full (100%) direct ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights of the Issuer, (ii) maintain a full (100%) direct or indirect ownership over all shares and control over all the voting rights o f any other Guarantor, provided that the Parent may reduce its ownership in any such other Guarantor (on such conditions as set out in Clause 13.4.2 above applying mutatis mutandis to any such sale) provided that the sale proceeds are transferred to the Escrow Account and (iii) maintain a full (100%) direct or indirect ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights of any Drop Down Farm-out Subsidiary.

13.5.2 Access

34/54
302062675 v2

Following the occurrence of an Event of Default and so long as it is continuing the Bond Trustee shall have the right: (i) upon reasonable notice, to have access to the books, records and assets and operations of the Group (which shall not limit the Bond Trustee's general right to information); (ii) to appoint a financial advisor at the cost of the Issuer; and (iii) to discuss the affairs of the Group with its auditors and management.

13.5.3 Listing

The shares issued by the Parent shall remain listed on Toronto Stock Exchange Venture Exchange ("TSX.V") or the London Stock Exchange Alternative Investment Market ("AIM") or another internationally recognized stock exchange reasonably acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

13.5.4 Dividend restrictions

The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no member of the Group shall (other than to the Issuer), declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make any loans or other distributions or payments to its shareholders (including servicing of shareholder loans), whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect.

13.5.5 Financial indebtedness restrictions

The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, incur create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

13.5.6 Negative pledge

The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance or security interest over any of its present or future assets, revenues or shares (or rights related to such shares), other than Permitted Security (provided always that if such Permitted Security is created over any assets, rights, revenues or shares that are subject to the Security Interest, such additional security is permitted over assets that are subject to a floating charge only).

13.5.7 Financial Support restrictions

The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, grant any Financial Support to or for the benefit of any third party, other than:

(a)

Financial Support that falls within the Permitted Financial Indebtedness; and

(b)

Financial Support that falls within Permitted Security.

13.5.8 Insurances

The Parent shall, and shall ensure that the Group will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as would normally be maintained by owners and/or operators owning similar assets to those owned by the Group, acting in accordance with good industry practice in their relevant jurisdiction.

13.5.9 Forward sales

35/54
302062675 v2

The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, incur, create or permit any financial arrangement to be entered into partly or solely as a method of raising immediately available funds (including the selling of any call options) from any party which results in a right to a payment from any such arrangement deriving directly or indirectly from oil price variation attributable to oil revenue from the Licences (on a gross production basis), provided that any such arrangement may be entered into in respect of the oil revenue from a Licence directly proportional to up to fifty per cent (50%) of the prevailing ninety (90) days average gross production by volume of hydrocarbons from that Licence and such arrangements may only be entered into from the expiry of ninety (90) days after production in relation to that Licence commences and on the basis that production is continuing.
13.5.10 Exploration spending
The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, make any exploration expenditures or incur any exploration obligations or obligations to incur exploration expenditure unless all such expenses are funded by cost carry from any third party company/entity or new cash equity invested in the Group.
13.5.11 Operations
The Parent shall ensure that no Group Company shall, have any activity or operations outside the UK (including Scotland). Further, the Parent shall ensure that the Group's operations are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations of material importance to the business of the Group.
13.5.12 Project Agreements
The Parent (if relevant) shall and shall ensure all relevant Group Companies will, (i) obtain and maintain all relevant authorizations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licences, permits, exemptions, filings or registrations in order to lawfully enter into and exercise and enforce any ownership or other rights under any Project Agreements, (ii) take all necessary action that is available to it to ensure that all Project Agreements remain in full force and effect and to prevent the termination of any such Project Agreements in accordance with the terms thereof or otherwise, and duly perform, in all material respects, its obligations and exercise its rights thereunder, (iii) exercise such voting rights or other rights it may have to ensure that the Licences are explored, developed and operated in a reasonable and prudent manner, (iv) not exercise its voting rights relating to the operation of the Licences or under or in relation to any other Project Agreement in a way that could be materially prejudicial to the interest of the Issuer and (v) not enter into any agreement relating to the Project that could result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Parent shall procure that any FEED studies in respect of the Bentley Field are contracted by the Issuer.
13.5.13 Earnings
The Parent shall (if relevant), and shall ensure that all other Material Subsidiaries being an owner of a Licence accruing Project Proceeds shall, procure that all Project Proceeds are paid directly into the relevant Earnings Account(s) from the relevant contracting party.
13.5.14 Subordination o f claims
The Parent shall only fund the Issuer with equity and/or Subordinated Loans (in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement), and shall not demand any cash dividend, repayment of cash or other cash distribution from the Issuer or enforce any monetary claims against the Issuer during the terms of the Bonds, except for part repayment of the existing Subordinated Loan in accordance with Clause 2.3 (a).
36/54
302062675 v2

13.6 Financial covenants

13.6.1 Financial Covenants - Minimum Cash Balance and Aggregate Cash Balance

(a)

From (and including) 27 June 2014 to (and including) 30 June 2016, the Issuer and

the Parent shall ensure that the balance on the Group balance sheet (the "Minimum

Cash Balance") is at least USD 6,000,000 (U.S. Dollar six million).

(b)

Subject to Clause 13.6.1(c) below, from (and including) 30 June 2016, the Issuer

and the Parent shall ensure that at the end of each calendar month specified in the

table below, the aggregate cash balance of all of the bank accounts of the Issuer

and the Parent (the "Aggregate Cash Balance") is equal to or higher than the

amount set out in the table below opposite the relevant date:

Date 30 June 2016 31 July 2016 31 August 2016 30 September 2016

Amount (USD) 6,000,000 5,650,000 5,600,000 5,200,000

(c)

All professional adviser fees actually paid to each adviser by the Issuer and the

Parent from (and including) 1 June 2016 up to (and excluding) any date specified

in the table above and which relate to a potential restructuring of the Bonds (as

evidenced by the Professional Adviser Fees Schedule delivered by the Issuer or the

Parent pursuant to Clause 13.2.5) shall be added back to the Aggregate Cash

Balance at the end of each calendar month for the purposes of determining if the

Issuer and the Parent have complied with their undertakings pursuant to this Clause

with respect to that date.

13.6.2 Financial Covenants - Book Equity Ratio

The Parent shall ensure that the Group maintains a Book Equity Ratio of minimum thirty per cent (30%) on a consolidated basis for the Group during the term of the Bond Issue.

13.6.3 Compliance and testing

(a)

Subject to Clause 13.6.3(b) below, the Issuer and the Parent shall comply with the

undertakings in this Clause 13.6 at all times, such compliance to be measured on

each Quarter Date and certified by the Issuer and the Parent with each Financial

Statement and Interim Accounts on the respective reporting date.

(b)

From (and including) 30 June 2016, the Issuer's and the Parent's compliance with

the undertaking in Clause 13.6.1(b) only shall be measured on the last day of each

calendar month (including, for the avoidance of doubt, on 30 June 2016) by the

provision to the Bond Trustee of a Monthly Compliance Certificate on the second

Business Day of each calendar month.

(c)

As soon as reasonably practicable following a request from the Bond Trustee and

in any event no later than two (2) Business Days following such request, the Issuer

and the Parent shall provide confirmation of the cash balances in each of the bank

accounts of the Issuer and the Parent (such confirmation to be supported by

evidence that the Bond Trustee determines to be appropriate).

37/54
302062675 v2

14

FEES AND EXPENSES

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.

14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(a)

the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount

which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is

(after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have

been due if no withholding had been required; and

(b)

the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee

evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

14.8 In the event that the Issuer does not pay the Bond Trustee for any fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee that fall within the scope of this Clause 14 (the "Trustee Expenses"), the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to seek funding of the Trustee Expenses from other sources. If and to the extent that other sources provide funding for the Trustee Expenses, those other sources shall be subrogated into the position of the Bond Trustee for the purposes of Clause 11.6, but subordinated to any further Trustee Expenses.

38/54
302062675 v2

15

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

15.1.1 Non-payment

(a)

Subject to Clause 15.1.1(b) below, any Obligor fails to fulfil any payment

obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due,

unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be

made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.

(b)

Notwithstanding Clause 15.1.1(a) above, the Issuer fails to:

(i)

make any interest payment when due under this Bond Agreement; or

(ii)

pay the Consent Fee to the Bondholders on or before 7 July 2016 pro rata

to the Bondholders' holdings of the Outstanding Bonds as at 30 June

2016.

15.1.2 Breach o f other obligations

Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

15.1.3 Cross default

If for any Group Company:

(a)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(b)

any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable

prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(c)

any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a

creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(d)

any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and

payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however

described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of USD 5,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply. Defaults under the Existing Notes and/or Existing RBL during the period between settlement of the Bonds and the First Disbursement shall not trigger an Event of Default under this paragraph.

15.1.4 Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith

39/54
302062675 v2

is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

15.1.5 Insolvency

(a)

A Group Company, is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or

suspends making payments on any of its debts.

(b)

The value of the assets of any Group Company is less than its liabilities (taking

into account contingent and prospective liabilities).

15.1.6 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

If for any Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(a)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement,

scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or

reorganization;

(b)

a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having

an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations

hereunder; or

(c)

the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation),

receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other

similar officer of any of its assets;

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This Clause 15.1.6 shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within fourteen (14) days of commencement.

15.1.7 Creditors'process

Any Group Company having any of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, having an aggregate value as set out in Clause 15.1.3 above.

15.1.8 Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

15.1.9 Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.1.10 Bentley Licence

(a)

There is a breach of the Bentley Licence terms.

(b)

The Bentley Licence at any time has less than nine (9) months before expiry.

40/54
302062675 v2

(c)

Any surrender, determination, termination, revocation, cancellation or

relinquishment of all or part of the Bentley Licence.

(d)

An abandonment of the Bentley Field.

15.1.11 Shareholder rights plan and other documentation

In the event that:

(a)

any of the constitutional documents of the Issuer or the Parent are amended (except

for amendments approved by a Bondholders' Meeting or by Written Resolution);

or

(b)

the shareholder rights plan agreement dated 30 November 2010 between the Parent

and Computershare Investor Services Inc. (as amended prior to 16 June 2016) is

amended, extended or replaced with any similar or analogous agreement.

15.1.12 Options, warrants and other rights

If the Issuer or the Parent grants to any person any options, warrants or other rights to purchase, subscribe for or acquire any of the shares in the Issuer or the Parent (except for an issuance of shares in the Parent for cash at or in excess of fair market value).

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and non contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a)

the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from

Bondholders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the Voting Bonds, and the

Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b)

the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the

Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.1.12 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.

41/54
302062675 v2

16

BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a)

the Issuer;

(b)

Bondholders representing at least one tenth (1/10) of the Voting Bonds;

(c)

the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d)

the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

42/54
302062675 v2

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5

A majority of at least sixty per cent (60%) of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

43/54
302062675 v2

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2

The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

16.5 Written Resolutions

16.5.1

Subject to the provisions in this Bond Agreement, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 16.1 may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.

16.5.2 The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.

16.5.3

The summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders through the Securities Depository and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.

16.5.4 The summons for a Written Resolution shall include:

(a)

instructions as to how to vote for each separate item in the summons (including

instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and

(b)

the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes

necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite

majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3)

Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the

summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution

summoned pursuant to Clause 16.4 shall be at least five (5) Business Days but not

more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the summons.

16.5.5

Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the Securities Depository on the relevant record date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee, will be counted in the Written Resolution.

44/54
302062675 v2

16.5.6

A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in Clause 16.3.4 or Clause 16.3.5 or Clause 16.4.2 has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also not be passed if the sufficient number of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.

16.5.7 The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.

16.5.8

If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in Clause 16.3 or Clause 16.4 (as applicable).

17

THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5

The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

45/54
302062675 v2

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change of Bond Trustee

17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

46/54
302062675 v2

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18

MISCELLANEOUS

18.1 The community of Bondholders

By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b)

the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the

Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other

action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of

bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access

to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the

Securities Depository; and

(d)

this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii)

the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly

towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the

Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from

the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds,

enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a

substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents,

regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual

47/54
302062675 v2

basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v)

the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

18.2 Bond Defeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):

(a)

the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the

Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other

security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such

amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable

premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding

Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus applicable

premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that

the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring

the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of

defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or

others; and

(c)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion

reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including

any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other

creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the

Defeasance Security.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:

(a)

the Issuer shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 13,

except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b)

the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any

actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and

shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond

Trustee may reasonably require;

(c)

any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s),

and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d)

any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

(e)

all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain

fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

48/54
302062675 v2

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.2.4 if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

18.3 Limitation of claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository;

and

(b)

if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

49/54
302062675 v2

(a)

if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b)

if by e-mail, when received; and

(c)

if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a)

if the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not

be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to,

shall be included.

(b)

if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the

day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number,

corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an

actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c)

If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed

to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1

This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer and the Parent, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent

18.8.1

The Issuer and the Parent shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

18.8.2

The Parent hereby appoints the Issuer as its process agent in England for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in England or any notices as set out in any Finance Documents governed by English law to which it is a party and the Issuer hereby accept the appointment as process agent for the Parent.

50/54
302062675 v2

Attachment 1
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no
[date] Dear Sirs, XCITE ENERGY RESOURCES LIMITED - BOND AGREEMENT 2014/2016 - ISIN NO0010713779 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement. With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;
3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement;
4. in accordance with Clause 13.6.1(a), the Minimum Cash Balance on the Group's balance sheet as of [date] is [XX];
5. in accordance with Clause 13.6.2, the Book Equity Ratio of the Group as of [date] is [XX]; and
6. based on the latest audited annual accounts of the Parent, the following subsidiaries are Material Subsidiaries:
[ · ] , whose (i) total consolidated gross assets represent [ · ] per cent of the total consolidated assets of the Group etc. and (ii) total consolidated turnover represent [ · ] per cent of the total consolidated net sales of the Group. Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.
51/54
302062675 v2

Yours faithfully, NX
Name o f authorized person Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

NX Name o f authorizedperson

52/54
302062675 v2

Attachment 2
RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no
[date] Dear Sirs, XCITE ENERGY RESOURCES LIMITED - BOND AGREEMENT 2014/2016 - ISIN NO0010713779 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer. Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement. We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount. We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof. Yours faithfully, NX
Name o f authorized person Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]
53/54
302062675 v2

Attachment 3
MONTHLY COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
XCITE ENERGY RESOURCES LIMITED - BOND AGREEMENT 2014/2016 - ISIN NO0010713779
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Monthly Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Monthly Compliance Certificate for the calendar month [MONTH].
Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate or Monthly Compliance Certificate (as the case may be) submitted to you;
2. in accordance with Clause 13.6.1(b), the Aggregate Cash Balance as of [date] is [XX]; and
3. the aggregate amount of professional adviser fees that we have paid in relation to a potential restructuring of the Bonds from (and including) 1 June 2016, and which amount we have added back to the Aggregate Cash Balance pursuant to Clause 13.6.1(c) to calculate the figure in paragraph (2) above, is [AMOUNT].

Yours faithfully, NX Name o f authorized person Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]
302062675 v2

NX Name o f authorized person
54/54

