NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon på norsk vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the bondholders in the 9 per cent Noram Drilling Company AS (formerly Global Rig Company AS) Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019 (ISIN NO 001 0711948)

Oslo, 10 April 2017

SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the bondholders of the bonds (the "Bonds") in the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bond Issue") where Noram Drilling Company AS (formerly Global Rig Company AS) (the "Issuer", and together with its subsidiaries, the "Group") is the issuer.
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement originally dated 3 June 2014 (as amended and restated on 30 October 2015, the "Bond Agreement") and made between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer, unless otherwise stated herein.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

1

BACKGROUND

Due to, inter alia, a shortfall in cash level of the Issuer, the Issuer will for the remainder of the year ending December 2017 not be able to, or have difficulties, with complying with certain financial covenants in the Bond Agreement, which includes paragraph (h) (Debt Service Reserve Account) of Clause 13.4 of the Bond Agreement, pursuant to which the Issuer shall within the second day of each month, deposit 1/6 of the amount for each of the next subsequent Interest Payment Dates (the "Debt Service Covenant").

The current cash position of the Group at the end of March 2017 is at approximately USD 12,700,000 o f which USD 6,900,000 are currently on the Debt Service Reserve Account.

2

WAIVERS

Against the background set out under section 1 above, the Issuer proposes that the Bondholders waive the requirement to comply with the Debt Service Covenant set out in Clauses 13.4 (h) of the Bond Agreement, for the remainder of the year ending in December 2017 (the "Waiver").

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo. Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

3

PROPOSAL

The Issuer has informed the Bond Trustee that it has discussed the proposed Waiver with certain o f the larger Bondholders, and Bondholders holding in aggregate more than 2/3 of the Bonds have undertaken that they will vote in favour of the proposal.

In accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee and requested that a Bondholders' Meeting be held to consider and resolve the following (the "Proposal"):

The Bondholders:

1. approve and authorize the Waiver;

2. waive the reporting requirements set out in paragraph (b) of Clause 13.2 (.Information covenants) in respect of the Debt Service Covenant for the reporting period ending on June 2017, September 2017 and December 2017; and

3. agree that the Bond Trustee may take such steps on behalf of the Bondholders as may be necessary or desirable in connection with the Waiver and exercise (or refuse to exercise) any discretion, consent or approval required or contemplated in the exercise (or non-exercise) of any such discretion which is connected with the matters referred to in this summons (including without limitation waive any time periods or deadlines).

4

SUMMON FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

28 April 2016 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VHs gate 1, 0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meetings resolves the following:

"The Bondholders ' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 3 in the summons to this Bondholders 'Meeting.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the Proposal is not approved by the Bondholders, the Bond Agreement will be in full force and effect.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof o f ownership o f the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm: (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
Page 2 of 3

The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to mail@nordictrustee.no, +47 22 87 94 10, or Nordic Trustee ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical puiposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA

Enclosed:

Appendix 1: Bondholder's Form

Page 3 of 3

