Term Sheet

ISIN: NO 001 0801095 ISIN: NO 001 0801186 (Temporary Bonds)

TiZir Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2017/2022 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")

Settlement Date: 19 July 2017

Issuer:

TiZir Limited, a company incorporated and registered in United Kingdom (registration number 07727671).

Sponsors:

Means Mineral Deposits Limited of Australia ("MDL") and Eramet SA of France ("ERA"), each owning 50% (directly or indirectly) of the Issuer (each a "Sponsor").

Guarantors:

TTI and TML

Group:

Means the Issuer and all its (directly or indirectly owned) Subsidiaries from time to time, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.

TTI:

TiZir Titanium & Iron AS (org. no. 934 505 557, Norway), 100% owned by the Issuer

and owner of the Tyssedal Plant.

TML:

TiZir Mauritius Limited, a company incorporated in the Republic of Mauritius, 100% owned by the Issuer and 90% owner of GCO.

GCO:

Grande Côte Operations SA, a company incorporated in the Republic of Senegal, 90% owned by TML and 10% owned by the Republic of Senegal, and owner of the Grande Côte Mine.

Currency:

USD

Issue Amount:

USD 300,000,000

Coupon Rate:

9.50% p.a., semi-annual interest payments.

Settlement Date:

19 July 2017. Notice is expected to be given to subscribers minimum two (2) banking days prior to Settlement Date.

Maturity Date:

19 July 2022 (5 years after Settlement Date).

First Interest Payment 19 January 2018 (6 months after Settlement Date). Date:

Last Interest Payment Maturity Date. Date:

Interest Payments:

Interest on the Bonds will start to accrue on the Settlement Date and shall be payable semi-annually in arrears on the interest payment date in January and July each year (each an "Interest Payment Date"). Day-count fraction for coupon is "30/360" and business day convention shall be "unadjusted" and business day venue shall be Oslo
1

Issue Price: Amortization:
Nominal Amount: Minimum Subscription: Purpose of the Bond Issue: Existing Bond: Settlement Procedures:
Status of the Bonds:

and New York.
100% of par value.
The Bonds shall be partially repaid by six (6) semi-annual instalments each of USD 15 million at 100% of par value (plus accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds) commencing 24 months after the Settlement Date (each a "Scheduled Instalment" and together the "Scheduled Instalments").
On the Maturity Date, any Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid in full at par value (plus accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds).
Scheduled Instalments shall be applied pro rata between the Bondholders in accordance with the procedures of CSD and all Bonds redeemed shall be promptly cancelled thereafter.
The Bonds will have a nominal amount of USD 1.00 each.
Minimum subscription amount and allotment shall be USD 200,000 with integral multiples of USD 100,000 in excess thereof.
The net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of legal costs, fees to the Joint Lead Managers and the Bond Trustee and other agreed transaction costs ) shall be used (i) to redeem Existing Bonds, (ii) as defeasance security for and subsequently to repay the Existing Bond (as defined below) in full including interest and related expenses, and (iii) any remaining amount for general corporate purposes.
The bond issue with ISIN NO 001 066040.0 issued by the Issuer pursuant to the bond agreement dated 26 September 2012 and as amended 21 May 2014 and on 28 June 2016.
The Bonds shall be settled:

(i )

in cash; and/or

(ii )

in kind by delivery of the Existing Bond (when receipt of subscriptions

from holders of Existing Bonds) ("Rollover Bonds"),

to be specified in the application form in respect of the Bonds.

Applicants delivering Existing Bonds will receive the accrued interest on the Existing Bonds up until the Settlement Date and a 2% premium, each payable in cash at the Settlement Date.

Bonds issued under item (i) above will be issued with ISIN NO 001 0801095, which will be the surviving ISIN for the Bond Issue. Bonds issued under item (ii ) above will be issued with temporary ISIN NO 001 0801186 ("Temporary Bonds"). The Temporary Bonds will be merged with the Bonds in connection with disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account. The VPS and the Bond Trustee are authorised to carry out the aforesaid in the best practical way.

The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall be secured on a first priority basis by the Security. The Bonds will rank at least pari passu with each other and with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).

2

Call Options: (American)
First Call Date:

The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (in whole or in parts) as follows:
(i) with settlement date at any time from and including the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Da te falling 4 years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 103.80% of par value (plus accrued interests on the redeemed Bonds);
(ii) with settlement date at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date falling 4 years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 4 years and 6 months after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 101.90% of par value (plus accrued interests on the redeemed Bonds); and
(iii) with settlement date at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date falling 4 years and 6 months after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100% of par value (plus accrued interests on the redeemed Bonds).
Means the Interest Payment Date in 19 July 2020 (3 years after the Settlement Date).

Conditions Precedent:

Payment of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds into the Escrow Account shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received two (2) business days prior to the Settlement Date each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee (including, but not limited to):

(i) the Bond Terms and other relevant Finance Documents duly executed by all parties thereto;
(ii) the Escrow Account Pledge (as defined below) duly executed by all parties thereto and perfected in accordance with applicable law;
(iii) certified copies of all corporate resolutions of the Issuer required to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(iv) a certified copy of a power of attorney (unless included in the relevant corporate resolutions) from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(v) certifi ed copies of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant company registers in respect of the Guarantors evidencing that the Guarantors are validly existing;
(vi) certified copies of all corporate resolutions of each Guarantor required for the relevant Guarantor to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(vii) a certified copy of a power of attorney (unless included in the relevant corporate resolutions) from each Guarantor to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(viii)confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the CSD; (ix) confirmation that the applicable exemption from the prospectus requirements
(ref the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC)) concerning the issuance of the Bonds has been fulfilled; (x) the Bond Trustee fee agreement duly executed by all parties thereto; (xi) copies of the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts ; (xii) copies of any written documentation used in marketing the Bond Issue or made public by the Issuer or the Joint Lead Managers in connection with the issuance of the Bonds; (xiii)confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from the issuance of the Bonds ; (xiv)legal opinions as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Issuer and legality, validity and enforceability of the Bond Terms and the Finance Documents .

Conditions precedent for release of funds from the Escrow Account and transfer of 3

Security:

proceeds according to the Purpose of the Bond Issue (as defined above):
The net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds will not be released from the Escrow Account and disbursed in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue (as defined above) unless the Bond Trustee has received or is satisfied that it will receive (as determined by the Bond Trustee) on the disbursement date each of the following documents (including, but not limited to), in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(i) the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolution and documentation from security providers) and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Security;
(ii) copies of agreements for any existing Intercompany Loans (and any Intercompany Loans to be established upon disbursement) duly executed by all parties thereto;
(iii) a closing procedure, including an description of flow of funds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee;
(iv) evidence that any Security for the Existing Bond will be released no later than the disbursement date (except for the defeasance pledge);
(v) legal opinions as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Issuer and the Guarantors and the legality, validity and enforceability of the Bond Terms and the Finance Documents);
(vi) confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from the release of funds from the Escrow Account; and
(vii) any other Finance Documents duly signed by all parties thereto.
The Bond Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of any Condition Precedent at its sole discretion.
All amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents, including but not limited to principal, premium (if applicable) interest, fees and expenses, shall (subject to any mandatory limitations under applicable law) be secured by the following:
Pre-Settlement Security: (i) a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account (the "Escrow Account Pledge") (ii) a first priority pledge over the VPS Account (the "VPS Account Pledge");
Pre-Disbursement Security: (iii) a first priority pledge over all the outstanding shares (100%) in the Guarantors
(the "Guarantors' Share Pledge"); (iv) joint and several guarantees (Norwegian: selvskyldnerkausjon) or similar under
applicable law from each of the Guarantors, any claims under which, shall rank at least pari passu with other unsubordinated debts not mandatorily preferred by law (the "Guarantees"); and (v) first priority pledges over Intercompany Loans between the Issuer and any of the Guarantors (the "Assignment of Intercompany Loans").
The documents and agreements relating to the Security listed in items (i) through (iii) above shall collectively be referred to as the "Security Documents", and shall be made in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established no later than two (2) days before the Settlement Date. The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to (or as the case may be, on the same day as) the release of funds from the Escrow Account, at which time the Bond Trustee (in its capacity as security agent) shall have the right (acting in its sole discretion) to release the Pre-Settlement Security.
4

Escrow Account:
VPS Account:
Representations and Warranties: Issuer's General Undertakings:

The Issuer shall prior to the issuance of the Bonds establish an escrow account with DNB Bank ASA (the "Escrow Account") and the proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of costs and expenses) shall be transferred to the Escrow Account in connection with the issuance of the Bonds. The Escrow Account shall be blocked and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of Bondholders settling their subscription of Bonds in cash). The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the Purpose of the Bond Issue (as defined above).
The Issuer shall prior to the issuance of the Bonds establish a VPS account with DNB Bank ASA as account operator for the purpose of holding Rollover Bonds (the "VPS Account") until disbursement of the funds from the Escrow Account, upon which the Rollover Bonds will be deleted. The VPS Account shall be blocked and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of Bondholders delivering Rollover Bonds as settlement for subscription of Bonds ).
Standard representations and warranties as per the Bond Trustee's rider for representations and warranties.
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general undertakings:
a) Pari passu ranking: The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Group Company will, ensure that their obligations under the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in "Status of the Bonds" above.
b) Mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
c) De-mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involvi ng a split of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities other than intra-group de-mergers, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
d) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group and/or the Issuer from that carried on at the date of the Bond Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, general maintenance of the Tyssedal Plant, shall not be considered to represent a cessation of business.
e) Authorisations: The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, in all material respects obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval, license and consent required for the conduct of its business as carried out at the date of these Bond Terms.
f) Disposal of assets/business: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless:
(i) the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions;
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and
5

Issuer's Special Covenants:

(iii) the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with the Mandatory Prepayment Offer as des cribed below (if applicable).

g) Insurances: The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall procure that each Group Company will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities,
casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice in their relevant jurisdiction.

h) Subsidiaries' distributions: Save as provided for under Financial Indebtedness restrictions, the Issuer shall not permit any Group Company to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation or Security restricting the right of any Group Company to:

(i )

pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders;

(ii )

service any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer;

(iii) make any loans to the Issuer; or

(iv) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer;

if the creation of such contractual obligation is reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with any of its obligations under the Bond Terms.

i) Arm's length transactions: The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any other Group Company to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any person (included, but not limited to, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such Group Company's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or such Group Company, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

j) Corporate status: The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

k) Compliance with laws: The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Companies will, comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations to which it or they may be subject to from time to time.

l) Reporting: The Issuer shall of its own accord make Financial Statements and Interim Accounts available to the Bond Trustee not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the subsequent 6 months interim period. Such reports shall be prepared in
accordance with IFRS, and include a profit and loss account, balance s heet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the board of di rectors .

During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following special covenants:

a) Dividend Restrictions: The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions or payments to its shareholders (including but not limited to payment of principal or interest on any Subordinated Loans in cash), including without limitation any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect (a "Distribution") exceeding 50% of the Issuer's consolidated net profit after taxes based on the Financial Statements or Interim Accounts (as the case may be) for the previous Relevant Period and
6

subject to the Incurrence Test being met.

Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer shall not be permitted to make any Distribution until the Interest Payment Date falling two (2) years after the Settlement Date.

Any un-utilized portion of the permitted Distribution pursuant to the above may not be carried forward.

b) Negative pledge: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Security over any of its present or future respective assets or its revenues other than the Security granted to secure any of the following:

(i )

any Security provided pursuant to the Finance Documents;

(ii) any derivative transaction related to the Group's hedging policy being

made for the purpose of hedging exchange, interest rate, currency

and/or commodity exposure and not for speculative purposes;

(iii) the Existing Working Capital Facilities , limited to pledge over inventory

and trade receivables of the relevant borrower;

(iv) until the disbursement date, any security for the Existing Bond;

(v)

any security constituting the defeasance pledge for the Existing Bond;

and/or

(vi) any lien arising by operation of law.

c) Financial Indebtedness restrictions: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than:

(i) this Bond Issue; (ii) the guarantees provided pursuant to the Finance Documents; (iii) the Existing Bond, as long as it is subject to and in compliance with the
terms of clause 18.2 (Defeasance) of the bond agreement for the Existing Bond; (iv) the Existing Working Capital Facilities; (v) any Intercompany Loans; (vi) any obligations incurred under any derivative transactions related to the Group's hedging policy being made for the purpose of hedging exchange, interest rate, currency and/or commodity exposure and not for speculative purposes; and/or (vii) any Subordinated Loan.

d) Financial support restrictions: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, grant any loan, guarantee or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to, granting of security) ("Financial Support") to or for the benefit of any third party (not being a Group Company), other than any Financial Support granted in the ordinary course of business.
e) Subordinated Loans: The Issuer shall ensure that any Subordinated Loan shall be subordinated to the Bonds.

The Issuer shall procure that any Subordinated Loan to any Group Company (other than the Issuer) on or before the time of the initial disbursement under such Subordinated Loan shall be made subject to a subordination and turnover agreement with the Bond Trustee, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
f) Intercompany Loans: The Issuer shall at all times ensure that any Intercompany
7

Financial Covenants:
Financial Covenants Cure:

Loan outstanding to the Guarantors and drawing thereunder shall be covered by the Assignment over Intercompany Loans and that no Guarantor (as the case may be) shall provide or permit to subsist any Intercompany Loan to the Issuer or a Guarantor unless such Intercompany Loan is assigned/pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee on first priority as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the Bonds and otherwise complies with the requirements set out herein .
Each Intercompany Loan shall be entered into substantially in the form of the Form of Intercompany Loan.
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group complies with the following financial covenants during the term of the Bond Issue:
a) Interest Coverage Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Interest Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.50x from and including the Interest Payment Date falling 18 months after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 36 months after the Settlement Date, 1.75x from and including the Interest Payment Date falling 36 months after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 48 months after the Settlement Date, and 2.00x any time thereafter;
b) Equity Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Equity Ratio of not less than 35%; and
c) Liquidity: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains minimum Liquidity of not less than USD 15,000,000.
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above Financial Covenants at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Reporting Date and certified by the Issuer by the delivery of a compliance certificate, setting out such compliance in reasonable detail (a "Compliance Certificate"), with the delivery of each Financial Statements or Interim Accounts. All Financial Covenants shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group.
If the Issuer fails (or would otherwise fail) to comply with the Interest Coverage Ratio at any time and the Issuer receives or has received any Cure Amount (as defined below) during the period from the first day of the Relevant Period up to the date of delivery to the Bond Trustee of the Compliance Certificate in respect of such period, then the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be recalculated on the basis that the Cure Amount so received shall be deemed to increase EBITDA for the Relevant Period to which the breach relates.
If, after the Interest Coverage Ratio is recalculated as set out above, the breach has been prevented or cured, the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be deemed to have been satisfied on the date of the relevant Reporting Date.
The amount of any Cure Amount shall not be taken into account in any calculation or other circumstances than those explicitly referred to in the Bond Terms. Any Cure Amount applied in the recalculation as set out above, shall not be re-applied for any future calculations.
The Cure Amount shall not be less than:  USD 20,000,000 as long as the Interest Coverage Ratio shall exceed 1.50x;  USD 15,000,000 as long as the Interest Coverage Ratio shall exceed 1.75x; and  USD 10,000,000 as long as the Interest Coverage Ratio shall exceed 2.00x.
The Issuer shall not be allowed to utilise any available amount under the Committed
8

Incurrence Test: Committed Facility: Definitions:

Facility as Cure Amount if such available amount is or will be, as a result of the utilisation, less than USD 15,000,000.
The Issuer shall not be permitted to use the Financial Covenants Cure more than three (3) times during the lifetime of the Bonds, and limited to maximum two (2) times consecutively.
The Incurrence Test is met if:
a) the Leverage Ratio is not greater than 4.00x; and
b) the Interest Coverage Ratio exceeds 2.50x.
The calculation of the Leverage Ratio, shall be made on a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no earlier than the date of the most recent Financial Report prior to the event relevant for the application of the Incurrence Test (the "Testing Date").
For the purpose of calculation of the Leverage Ratio, Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the Testing Date and be adjusted to take into account the amount of any Distribution in respect of which the Incurrence Test is applied.
The calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be made for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report.
Means unconditional and irrevocable Subordinated Loans committed by the Sponsors or any of their Subsidiaries holding the Sponsors' shareholding of the Issuer in the aggregate amount of USD 28 million (the "Committed Facility"). The Committed Facility shall be made available to the Issuer from the Settlement Date to and including the Maturity Date. The commitment to provide the Subordinated Loans pursuant to the Committed Facility shall be cancelled and terminated on the earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date on which the second Scheduled Instalment has been fully paid or (ii) the second consecutive Reporting Date where the Issuer on a consolidated basis reports an Adjusted Leverage Ratio of less than 5.5x. The Issuer undertakes that the Committed Facility shall only be applied for payment of interest and Scheduled Instalments.
"Acceptable Bank" means, in relation to Cash and Cash Equivalents, a commercial bank, savings bank or trust company which has a rating of BBB or higher from Standard & Poor's Ratings Service or Baa2 or higher from Moody's Investor Service Limited or a comparable rating from a nationally recognized credit rating agency for its long term debt obligations.
"Adjusted Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Outstanding Bonds less Liquidity to EBITDA.
"Bondholders" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the CSD, from time to ti me.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in the Bond Terms .
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Term Sheet/Bond Terms.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means on any date, the aggregate equivalent in USD on such date of the then current market value of:
(i) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on
9

deposit accounts with an Acceptable Bank; and (ii) time deposits with Acceptable Banks and certificates of deposit issued, and
bills of exchange accepted, by an Acceptable Bank;
in each case to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at the time and to which any Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to security.
"Cure Amount" means cash actually received by the Issuer (i) in exchange for fully paid ordinary shares in the Issuer, or (ii) as Subordinated Loans.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person (directly or indirectly):
(i) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or (ii) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors
of that other person.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the Group's aggregate earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for that Relevant Period.
"Equity" means the book value of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with IFRS and any Subordinated Loans.
"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Equity to Total Assets.
"Existing Working Capital Facilities" means the USD 50 million working capital facility with Sparebanken 1 SR Bank as lender and TTI as borrower, and the USD 50 million working capital facility with Societe Generale Banque Senegal as lender and GCO as borrower, and any refinancing thereof with commercial banks.
"Finance Documents" means: (i) the Bond Terms; (ii) the Security Documents; (iii) the Bond Trustee fee agreement; and (iv) any other document the Issuer and the Bond Trustee designate as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: (i) moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility); (ii) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument; (iii) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS, be treated as a finance or capital l ea s e; (iv) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non recourse basis); (v) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under IFRS; (vi) any liability under a deferred purchase agreement where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset; (vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the marked-to-market value shall be taken into account); (viii) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial
10

effect of a borrowing or raising of money (including any forward sale or purchase agreement); (ix) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of any underlying liability; and (x) (without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"Form of Intercompany Loan" means a form of loan agreement governed by Norwegian law to be applied to any Intercompany Loan, which shall include a cross default provision in respect of an Event of Default providing that the Intercompany Loan shall become immediately due and payable i f an Event of Default has been declared under any Finance Documents or enforcement of any Security Documents have been initiated.
"Grande Côte Mine" means the mineral sands mine and associated infrastructure in Senegal owned by GCO.
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and refers to the international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002.
"Intercompany Loan" means any intercompany loan between the Issuer or any Guarantor as lender and the Issuer, any Guarantor or any other Group Company as borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, drawings made by the Group Companies in any cash pooling arrangements maintained by the Group in the ordinary course of business shall not be considered to be an Intercompany Loan.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Interest Cost.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated semi annual financial statements of the Issuer for the semi -annual period ending on 30 June each year, drawn up according to IFRS.
"Leverage Ratio" means Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA.
"Liquidity" means the sum of (i) the aggregate book value of the Group's Cash and Cash Equivalents; and (ii) undrawn committed revolving credit lines available to the Group (but excluding committed revolving credit lines with less than six months to ma turi ty).
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any Finance Document to which it is a party or (b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing Financial Indebtedness (excluding any Subordinated Loan) less Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group.
"Net Interest Cost" means the aggregate gross cash interest costs of the Group
11

Mandatory Prepayment Event:
Mandatory Prepayment Offer:

related to the Group's interest-bearing debt less the aggregate gross cash interest income of the Group for any Relevant Period.
"Outstanding Bonds" means Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve months ending on a Reporting Date.
"Reporting Date" means each of 30 June and 31 December each year.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Subordinated Loan" means debt financing provided by the Sponsors (or any company controlled by a Sponsor or the Sponsors) to the Issuer or any other Group Company that is subordinated in right of payment to the Bonds , and does not (i) require the payment of cash interest at any time during the tenor of the Bonds , (ii) mature or require any amortisation or other payment prior to the Maturity Date of the Bonds, and (iii) provide for its acceleration or confer any right to declare any event of default prior to the Maturity Date of the Bonds.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which the Issuer directly or indirectly has a Decisive Influence.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with IFRS.
"Tyssedal Plant" means the Tyssedal ilmenite upgrading facility located in Tyssedal, Norway and owned by TTI.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
Means if:
(i) any of the TTI, GCO or TML shares are sold or otherwise transferred to any person other than a Group Company;
(ii) the Tyssedal Plant is sold or otherwise transferred, other than to a Group Company; or
(iii) the Grande Côte Mine is sold or otherwise transferred, other than to a Group Company.
Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring, the Issuer shall on or as soon as practical after the day the proceeds are received from such Mandatory Prepayment Event, make an offer (the "Mandatory Prepayment Offer") to all Bondholders to redeem the maximum principal amount of outstanding Bonds that may be redeemed with the net proceeds received by the relevant Group Company at the redemption prices set out below:
(i) if occurring anytime from Settlement Date to, but not including, the First Call Date, at a price equal to 106% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount to the date of redemption);
(ii) thereafter on the redemption prices set out under the "Call Options" paragraph above.
In addition, the Issuer shall pay accrued and unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not the date on which the prepayment is carried out.
12

The Mandatory Prepayment Offer shall remain open for a period of at least 20 Business Days following its commencement but not more than 30 Business Days (the "Offer Period"). The Issuer shall apply the Offer Amount to redeem Bonds, on a pro rata basis, no later than ten (10) Business Days after the end of the Offer Period.

Change of Control Event:

Means if and when the Sponsors cease to hold in aggregate, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the outstanding shares and voting rights of the Issuer.

Change of Control Clause:

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment (a "Put Option") of the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value plus accrued interest of par value during a period of 30 calendar days following the notice of a Change of Control Event, with prepayment to be effected within 60 calendar days following notice of a Change of Control Event.

Event of Default:

The Bond Terms shall include standard event of default provisions, as well as cross default provisions for the Issuer and the Group Companies provided that such cross default provisions shall only apply to any single Financial Indebtedness in excess of USD 15,000,000 (or equivalent thereof in any other currency), and cross default events to include items (i)-(iv) in the standard Nordic Trustee Bond Terms for any Group Company (including the threshold amounts referred to above).

Approvals:

The Bond Issue is subject to approval by the Issuer's and Guarantors' Board of Di rectors .

Issuer's Ownership of The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's

Bonds:

discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Joint Lead Managers and Bookrunners:

ABG Sundal Collier ASA, Munkedamsveien 45E, 0250 Oslo, Norway; and Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gate 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway.

Co-Manager:

SpareBank 1 SR-Bank Markets, Bjergsted Terrasse 1, NO-4066 Stavanger, Norway.

Bond Trustee:

Nordic Trustee ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, NO-0116 Oslo.

Securities Depository:

The Bonds will be registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository VPS ASA (the "CSD"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the Bondholders through the CSD.

Paying Agent:

DNB Bank ASA.

Tax gross up:

If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any tax from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents the amount of the payment due will be grossed up to such net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been required.

Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

Early redemption option due to a tax event:

If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any tax from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of the Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 20 Business Days prior to the relevant repayment date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
13

Bond Terms:

The standard Nordic Bond Terms for corporate and high yield bonds will regulate the rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. I n the event of any discrepancy between this term sheet and the final Bond Terms, the provisions of the Bond Terms shall prevail.

By filing an application to subscribe for Bonds, each investor accepts to become a Bondholder and to be bound by the provisions of the Bond Terms. Further, by filing such application, each investor accepts that certain adjustments to the structure and terms described in this term sheet may occur in the final Bond Terms.

The Bond Terms shall include provisions on the Bond Trustee's right to represent the Bondholders, including a "no action" clause, meaning that no individual Bondholder may take any legal action against the Issuer individually (as further described in the Bond Terms). The Bond Terms will further contain provisions regulating the duties of the Bond Trustee, procedures for Bondholders' Meetings and applicable quorum and majority requirements for Bondholders' consent, whereas a sufficient majority of Bondholders may materially amend the provision of the Bond Terms or discharge the Bonds in part or in full without the consent of all Bondholders, a s well as other provisions customary for a bond offering as described herein.

Governing law:

This term sheet and the Bond Terms shall be governed by Norwegian law, venue to be Oslo district court (No.: "Oslo tingrett").

Listing of Bonds:

The Issuer shall apply for the Bonds to be listed on Oslo Stock Exchange.

Terms of subscription:

Any subscriber of the Bonds specifically authorises the Bond Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Terms on behalf of the prospective Bondholder, who will execute and deliver relevant application forms prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Terms and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become bound by the Bond Terms. The Bond Terms specify that by virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

The Bond Terms shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request to the Bond Trustee or the Issuer.

Market Making:

No market-maker agreement has been made for this Bond Issue.

Subscription Restrictions:

The Bonds will only be offered or sold within the United States to Qualified Institutional Buyers ("QIBs") as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act.

The Bonds have not and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act, or any state securities law except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and appropriate exemptions under the laws of any other jurisdiction. The Bonds may not be offered or sold within the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person (as such terms are defined in regulations), except pursuant to an exemption from the registr ation requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. See further details in the Application Form. Failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities legislation.

Transfer Restrictions: The Bonds are freely transferabl e and may be pledged, subject to the following:

(i) Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a
14

Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense. (ii) Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under the Bond Terms provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
London/Os l o 4 July 2017

TiZir Limited As Issuer

ABG Sundal Collier ASA as Joint Lead Manager and Bookrunner

Pareto Securities AS as Joint Lead Manager and Bookrunner

SpareBank 1 SR-Bank Markets as Co-Manager

15

