FINAL VERSION
Notice of Conditional Redemption
LOCK AS (the "Issuer")
NOK 1,680,000,000 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2020 (the "Notes")
ISIN: No 0010715808
Notice Date: June 16, 2017
Notice is hereby given pursuant to paragraph 8 of the Notes and Section 3.03 of the Indenture (the "Indenture") dated August 6, 2014 as amended from time to time among, inter alios, the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, as trustee (the "Trustee"), Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as paying agent and transfer agent (the "Paying Agent"), Nordea Bank AB (publ) filial i Norge as Norwegian paying agent (the "Norwegian Paying Agent") and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A., as registrar, that the Issuer has elected to redeem all of the Notes that remain outstanding on the Redemption Date (as defined below) pursuant to paragraph 5(b) of the Notes and Sections 3.04 and 13.01 of the Indenture, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the Issuer's own Financing Condition (as defined below).
The terms and conditions of the redemption are as follows:
1. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the Financing Condition, the redemption date for the Notes will be the later of (i) June 28, 2017 and (ii) if the Financing Condition has not been satisfied or waived on or prior to June 28, 2017, one Business Day (as defined in the Indenture) following the satisfaction or waiver of the Financing Condition, which satisfaction or waiver will be disclosed by the Issuer to the Trustee, Paying Agent and Holders of Notes on the date thereof, but in no case shall the redemption date be more than 60 days following the date hereof (the "Redemption Date"). The record date, on which any Holder of Notes must hold any Notes to be entitled to the Redemption Price (as defined below), will be the second Business Day immediately prior to the Redemption Date. If the Redemption Date is not a Business Day, payment will be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest will accrue in the intervening period in accordance with Sections 2.08 and 13.17 of the Indenture.
2. The redemption price of the Notes is 100.000% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus the NOK Floating Rate Applicable Premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest from May 15, 2017 (the last interest payment date for which interest on the Notes was paid), to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, and Additional Amounts, if any (the "Redemption Price"). The Issuer will inform the Trustee and holders of the Notes of the amount of the NOK Floating Rate Applicable Premium at least two Business Days, but no more than five Business Days, prior to the Redemption Date. Assuming a Redemption Date of June 28, 2017, the accrued and unpaid interest from May 15, 2017, to, but excluding, the assumed Redemption Date, will be NOK 13,613,040.00. If the Financing Condition is not satisfied or waived on or prior to June 28, 2017, the Issuer will inform the Trustee, Paying Agent and Holders of the Notes on the Business Day prior to the Redemption Date of the new amount of accrued and unpaid interest from May 15, 2017, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.
3. In order for Holders of Notes to collect the Redemption Price, the Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to Nordea Bank AB (publ) filial i Norge as Norwegian Paying Agent, at Essendropsgate 7, 0368 Oslo, Norway.
EU-DOCS\18019130.9

4. 100% of the then-outstanding principal amount of the Notes shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date.
5. Unless the Issuer defaults in making such redemption payment, interest on the Notes called for redemption shall cease to accrue on and after the Redemption Date.
6. The Notes will be redeemed in accordance with paragraph 5(b) of the Notes and Section 3.04 of the Indenture.
7. The ISIN number in relation to the Notes being redeemed is as set forth above. No representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of such number listed in this Notice of Conditional Redemption or printed on the Notes. Reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes.
8. The Issuer's obligation to redeem any of the Notes on the Redemption Date is conditioned upon (i) Intrum Justitia AB (publ)'s acquisition of the entire issued share capital of Lock TopCo AS, the Issuer's parent company, in accordance with the terms of the combination agreement dated November 13, 2016 between Intrum Justitia AB (publ) and Cidron 1748 S.å r.l. (the "Merger") and (ii) completion of one or more financing transactions by Intrum Justitia AB (publ) for the purpose of redeeming the Notes in connection with the Merger that are reasonably satisfactory to Intrum Justitia AB (publ) in its discretion and that result in receipt by the Issuer of aggregate net proceeds in a sufficient quantity to pay the Redemption Price for the Notes, including applicable premium, in full and pay all related expenses on or prior to the Redemption Date ((i) and (ii) together, the "Financing Condition"). Accordingly, none of the Notes shall be deemed due and payable on the Redemption Date unless and until the Financing Condition is satisfied or waived by the Issuer. The Issuer will provide notice to Holders of Notes prior to the Redemption Date as to whether the Financing Condition will be satisfied or waived. If the Financing Condition is not satisfied or waived within 60 days following the date hereof, any Notes previously surrendered to the Norwegian Paying Agent shall be returned to the Holders thereof.
Terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture.
Any questions regarding this Notice of Conditional Redemption should be directed to the Issuer at:
Lock AS Hoffsveien 70B P.O. Box 283 Skøyen, 0213 Oslo Norway
Issued by: Lock AS Dated: June 16, 2017
EU-DOCS\18019130.9

