ISIN: NO 0010691017 NO 0010699846 NO 0010701352 NO 0010705676 NO 0010714777 NO 0010727654
AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT relating to
BOND AGREEMENT between
EMERGING EUROPE LAND DEVELOPMENT AS (Issuer) and
NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
THE BONDHOLDERS
in the bond issue 15 PER CENT EMERGING EUROPE LAND DEVELOPMENT AS CALLABLE BOND
ISSUE 2013/23014
N--T-

Nordic Trustee ASA

This agreement for amendment and restatement (the "Agreement") ofthe Original Bond Agreement (as defined below) is dated 1 June 2015 and is entered into between:

(1)

Emerging Europe Land Development AS, a company existing under the laws of

Norway with registration number 992 394 781, as the issuer (the "Issuer"); and

(2)

Nordic Trustee ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

BACKGROUND
(A) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) have entered into a bond agreement dated 9 October 2013, identified as "15 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable Bond Issue" with the following ISIN numbers: NO 001 0691017, NO 001 0699846, NO 001 0701352, NO 001 0705676, NO 001 0714777 and NO 001 0727654 (the "Original Bond Agreement").
(B) After the date of the Original Bond Agreement, several amendments have been made to the Original Bond Agreement. In addition to this several new tranches have been issued on separate ISIN numbers. This Agreement is entered into in order to merge all ISIN numbers registered in the Bond Issue into ISIN NO 001 0691017 and to enter into an amended and restated bond loan agreement which incorporates all changes that have been made since the date of the Original Bond Agreement.

1

Interpretation

1.1. Definitions

In this Agreement the following terms have the following meanings:
"Amended and Restated Bond Agreement" means the Original Bond Agreement as amended by this Agreement, the telms of which are set out in Schedule 1 (Amended and Restated Bond Agreement).
"Effective Date" means the date ofthis Agreement.
1.2. Incorporation ofdefined terms
Unless contrary indication appears, a term defined in the Original Bond Agreement and/or the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement (as applicable) has the same meaning in this Agreement. The principles of construction set out in the Original Bond Agreement have the effect as if set out in this Agreement.

-NT 2

Nordic Trustee ASA

2

Amendment and Restatement

With effect from the Effective Date the Original Bond Agreement is amended and restated as set out in Schedule 1 (Amended and Restated Bond Agreement).

3

Representations and Warranties

The Issuer makes all representations and watTanties under clause 7.1 of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement on the Effective Date.

4

Continuity and further assurance

4.1 Continuing obligations

The provisions of the Finance Documents continue in full force and effect.

4.2 Further assurance

The Issuer shall, at the request of the Bond Trustee and at its own expense, do all such acts and things necessary or desirable to give effect to the amendments effected or to be effected pursuant to this Agreement.

5

Finance Document

This Agreement constitutes a Finance Document for the purpose of the Original Bond Agreement.

6

Dispute resolution and legal venue

Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City COUlt.

*****

N-T 3

Nordic Trustee ASA

SIGNATURE PAGE
This Amendment and Restatement Agreement has been executed in two (2) originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Emerging Europe Land Development AS as Issuer

4i:::f:t' tJlr ~, tVitJJt
osition: ~

Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders

\/k -0 ~
.....................................................

By:

HANS BERNHARO LINO

Position:

DIRECTOR

~l~~
~r MO"'-~ 't-\CL~ Po ~l~ ~ }./\~\>t--.. 4-~ t;.n..~

-- 4

Schedule 1 NO 0010691017
BOND AGREEMENT between
Emerging Europe Land Development AS (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 15 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable Bond Issue 2013/2014
NT

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds
3 Listing
4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and W<;lnanties
8 Status of the Bonds and security 9 Interest
10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption
11 Payments
12 Issuer' s acquisition of Bonds
13 Covenants
14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee
18 Miscellaneous

Nordic Trustee ASA
3
7
8 8
9 9
11 13 13
14 15 16 16 19
19
22 24 27

2

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 1 June 2015 between

1.

Emerging Europe Land Development AS a company incorporated in Norway with

registration no. 992 394 781 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

2.

Nordic Trustee ASA a company incorporated in Norway with registration no. 963

342 624 as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, £l'om time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign cunency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments ofBusiness Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.

3

N-T

\

Nordic Trustee ASA

"Change of Control Event" means if any person or a group of persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, acquires 1/3 or more of the shares in the Issuer.

"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.

"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback anangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of confening security.

"Event of Default" means the occunence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Interest to the Bond Trustee, and (v) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incuned in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract

which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital

lease;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-

recourse basis);

(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated

as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or

possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is ananged

primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that

asset;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

cunency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall

be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect ofa borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance

sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);

4

N-T

Nordic Trustee ASA

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued

by a banlc or financial institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items refened to

in (a) through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial RepOliing Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries.

"Interest Payment Date" means 1 January 2016, 1 April 2016, 1 July 2016, 1 October 2016, 1 January 2017, 1 March 2017 and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.

"Issue Date" means 14 October 2013 for the first tranche and 23 December 2013, 7 February 2014, 21 March 2014,9 June 2014 and 22 December 2014 for subsequent Tap Issues.

"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.

"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: Ca) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, Cb) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement and any Security Documents.

"Maturity Date" means 30 June 2017 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful cunency of Norway.

5

N-T

Nordic Trustee ASA
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and pelmitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confilming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interests" means;
(i) First priority pledge on the plot (Norwegian: tomt) ofLumini shopping centre in the cadastral municipality of Kneginec in Croatia, with land registry file no. 3271 and land registry item no. 40114; and
(ii) First priority pledge on the construction right and on the building Lumini shopping centre in the cadastral municipality of Kneginec in Croatia, with land registry file no. 3367.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a detelmining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the.right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Tap Issue" means subsequent issues after the Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.1.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
NT
6

Nordic Trustee ASA

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; Ct) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and Ch) references to a "person" shall include any individual, filID,pminership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature ofthe Bond Agreement

2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, telID sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the telIDS of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or fOlIDalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire telID of the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds
2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum aggregate amount ofNOK 118,000,000 (Norwegian kroner one hundred and eighteen million). The Bond Issue may comprise one or more tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranche was in the amount ofNOK 33,199,964 (Norwegian kroner thiliy-three million one hundred and ninety-nine thousand nine hundred and sixty-four). After the first tranche was issued, five more tranches have been issued with a total nominal amount ofNOK 61,229,494 (Norwegian kroner sixty-one million two hundred and twenty-nine thousand four hundred and ninety-four). This means that the amount

7

-NT

Nordic Trustee ASA

outstanding as of the date of this Bond Agreement is NOK 94,429,458 (Norwegian kroner ninety-four million four hundred and twenty-nine thousand four hundred and fifty-eight).

The Bonds will be in denominations ofNOK 1 each.

The Bond Issue will be described as " 15 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable Bond Issue 2013/2014".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue is NO 001 0691017.

The tenor of the Bonds is fi:om and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.2.2

The Bond Issue is a Tap Issue, under which subsequent issues may take place after the Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.1, running from the Issue Date and to be closed no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.

All Tap Issues will be subject to identical terms in all respects. The rights and obligations of all parties to the Bond Agreement also apply for later Tap Issues. The Bond Trustee will on the issuing of additional Tap Issues make an addendum to the Bond Agreement regulating the conditions for such Tap Issue.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be used for general operation of the Group.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on an Exchange, but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires.

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arTange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the telIDS and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.

8

Nordic Trustee ASA

4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to anange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Eligible purchasers

5.1.1 The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In addition to the subscription agreement each initial purchaser will be required to execute, each US investor that wishes to purchase Bonds, will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a fOlm detelmined by the Issuer, stating, among other things, that the purchaser is a QIB.

5.2 Transfer restrictions

5.2.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.2 and any other restrictions that may be imposed on Bondholders by local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business), the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2.2

Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available).

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the first tranche of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, excluding the Security Documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least before issuance of the Bonds:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all paIiies thereto;
(b) celiified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;

9
----

Nordic Trustee ASA
(d) celiified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Atiicles of Association of the Issuer;
(e) the latest Financial Statements;
(t) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confilmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confilmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);
G) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;
(k) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;
(1) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee.
6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.
6.3 The Issuer shall execute the relevant Security Documents to put the Security Interests in place within 31 March 2014. If the relevant Security Documents are not in place (including any legal opinions) and validly existing by such dates, the Issuer shall pay an additional interest of 5 per cent per annum on the outstanding Bonds at such time until all relevant Security Documents are in place. Such additional interest shall be payable on the Maturity Date (without further capitalization).
All Security Documents shall be established in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in the maximum issue amount set out under the definition of Security Interests, plus expenses and interest, duly executed by all patiies thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers), validly existing and perfected, and enforceable against the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory evidence for establishment of the Security Documents (and any insurance covering the Security Interests), including any legal opinions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
6.4 The Bond Trustee may require any statement or legal opinion in connection with the Bond Issue (both before and after the Issue Date).
6.5 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
N
10

Nordic Trustee ASA

6.6 The Issuer may issue Tap Issues provided that (i) the amount of the aggregate of (x) the Outstanding Bonds prior to such Tap Issue and (y) the requested amount for such Tap Issue shall not exceed the maximum issue amount, (ii) no Event of Default occurs or would occur as a result of the making of such Tap Issue, (iii) the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee, c.f. Clause 6.1, are still valid, (iv) the representations and wananties contained in this Bond Agreement being tme and correct and repeated by the Issuer, and (v) that such Tap Issue is in compliance with laws and regulations as of the time of such issue.

6.7 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.5, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and wanants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and canyon its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their telms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.

(e) No Event ofDefault

11

N

Nordic TrusteeASA
No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, detelmination ofmateriality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to canyon its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied "fi'om one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities As of the date of the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or fmancial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial infOlmation concerning the Group.
(I) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occuned which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
12

Nordic Trustee ASA

(m) Intellectual property The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual propeliy rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.

(n) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(0) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(P) Encumbrances No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and wananties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.

7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.

7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement ofthe Bonds, and during the telm of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and wananties provided by such Issuer herein.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are prefened by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 15 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate"). The Fixed Rate is reduced to 4 per cent per annum with effect from and including 1 January 2015.
9.2 The Issuer shall make interest payments on the Interest Payment Dates. The Issuer shall pay all interest accrued in the calendar year of2015 on 1 January 2016. Interest

13

N-T

Nordic Trustee ASA

accrued from and including 1 January 2016 shall be paid by the Issuer on a quarterly basis.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date, and thereafter from, and including, that Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31 st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31 st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest Amount

Face Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

9.6 The Bondholders have accepted to waive any accrued interest under the Bond Issue from 1 July 2014 to 31 December 2014. Consequently accrued interest in this period will not be credited to the Bondholders' securities accounts in Verdipapirsentralen ASA. If accrued interest in 2014 already has been credited to the Bondholders' securities accounts, the credited amount will be deleted.

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 10.2.1

Call Option
The Issuer may redeem parts of or the entire Bond Issue at par value plus accrued interest at any time following the date falling 1 month after the Issue Date (Call Option).

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thitty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3 Pmtial redemption must be canied out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).

14

N-1-

Nordic Trustee ASA

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change a/Control

10.3.1 Upon the OCCUTI'ence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 100% of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the two month exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

11

Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11 .1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.

11. 3 Set-offand counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

15

N-T

Nordic Tnlstee ASA

11.4 Interest in the event oflate payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the Maturity Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Maturity Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on the Maturity Date until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 Ca), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment infOlmation regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer has undeliaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee Con behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee Cor the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the telms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall

Ca) without being requested to do so, immediately infOlm the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as an Event of Default;
Cb) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

NT
16

Nordic Trustee ASA

(c) without being requested to do so, infOlID the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial pmi of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements annually and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, repOli the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(t) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, demergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, infOlID the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 13 .2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undeliaken in a compliance celiificate, substantially in the fOlIDat set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of noncompliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries with any other

17

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA
companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any demerger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation ofbusiness (i) The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial telIDs, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not pati of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third party.
All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(c) Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.
(d) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it

18

-NT

Nordic Trustee ASA

or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations ).
(e) Litigations The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any: (a) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been
or might be started by or against any Group Company; and (b) other events which have occulTed or might occur and which may have a
Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
(f) Maintenance ofSecurity Interests (i) The Issuer shall provide necessary maintenance and insurance of any of the Security Interests.
(ii) The Issuer shall not establish any junior security over any Security Interest which may jeopardize the Security Interest.

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and nonnal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses inculTed by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

15

Events of Default

15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon OCCUlTence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:

19

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 five - Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach ofother obligations The Issuer fails to duly perfOlm any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default The Issuer's aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other cunencies,;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, wananty or statement (including statements in compliance celiificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incolTect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency If for the Issuer
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary anangement, scheme of anangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or anangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perfOlm its payment obligations hereunder,
NT
20

Nordic Trustee ASA

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
(f) Creditors' process The Issuer has a substantial propOliion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o/liquidator or analogous proceedings The Issuer is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(i) Litigation There is cUlTent, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company which might, if adversely detelmined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 115 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

21

\NT

Nordic Trustee ASA

In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.

16

Bondholders'meeting

16.1 Authority ofthe Bondholders ' meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 111 0 of Voting Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons anda confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set fOlih other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

NT
22

Nordic Trustee ASA

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been repOlied to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other pmiies, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer' s representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders ' meetings

16.3 .1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question conceming which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer' s Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3 In order to fOlm a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of

23

.-

Nordic Trustee ASA

the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.
16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.
16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:
(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.
16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.
16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders J meeting
16.4.1. If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.
17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority ofthe Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

24

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA

The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the telms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders'Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders conceming this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. FUliher, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set fOlih in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious inconectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1 .6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give celiain Bondholders or others an umeasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17. 2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incuned by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in perfOlming its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of infOlmation provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incuned by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incuned by the Bond Trustee as a

25

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA

result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and perf01mance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

17. 3 Change ofBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be cal1'ied out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to CatTY out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the telms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the telms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set f011h under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17. 4 Appointment ofSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incuned in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

26

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA
18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community ofBondholders
18.1 By viliue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the telIDS of this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have celiain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from
27

Nordic Trustee ASA

bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181 st day after the date of establishment of the pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the atiicles of association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a celiificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of prefelTing the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;
(t) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any celiificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including celiificate from its Cmef Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181 st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;
(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such fuliher documentation and perfOlID such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(c) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third paliies or as otherwise required;
(d) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

28

-NT

Nordic Trustee ASA

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation ofclaims

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) ifby letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received.

29

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.
18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept infOlmed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons
18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue
18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be exclusively resolved by the cOUlis of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.
This Clause 18.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other cOUlis with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concunent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

** ** *

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Emerging Europe Land Development AS as Issuer

y: o

ition:.

~.s /"": ' ;""""''''''''
~~ f/~ ~

Nordic Trustee ASA f!~

as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders

~~
P.>j ~ V\~ t1<lllvu
PbS:~ ~ M~~ *~ (3~t\

By:

HANS BERN HARD L1ND

Position:

DIRECTOR

30

Attachment 1

Nordic Trustee ASA

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 228794 10
E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
EMERGING EUROPE LAND DEVELOPMENT AS BOND AGREEMENT 201312014 - ISIN NO 001 0691017

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Celiificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Celiificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby celiify that:
1. all infOlmation contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Celiificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;
3. all relevant Security Interest is established in accordance with the Bond Agreement,
Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/qualierly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,
Emerging Europe Land Development AS

Name ofauthorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy ofany written documentation]

>J T
31

