Execution version
ISIN NO 001 0720766
AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT dated 20 March 2018 to the
BOND AGREEMENT between
BORGESTAD ASA as Issuer and
NORDIC TRUSTEE AS (formerly known as Nordic Trustee ASA) as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders
in the bond issue FRN Borgestad ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue
2014/2017 originally dated 1 October 2014

Page 2 o f 7
THIS AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") has been entered into on 20 March 2018 by and between:
(1) BORGESTAD ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 920 639 674 as the former issuer (the "Issuer"); and
(2) NORDIC TRUSTEE AS (formerly known as Nordic Trustee ASA), a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624, as bond trustee on behalf of the bondholders (the "Bond Trustee"),
together referred to as the "Parties" and each a "Party".
WHEREAS:
(A) Pursuant to a bond agreement originally dated 1 October 2014, as amended by the amendment agreement dated 13 December 2016 (the "Original Bond Agreement"), the Issuer has issued a bond loan named "FRN Borgestad ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2017" with ISINNO 001 0720766 (the "Bond Issue"),
(B) Following a Bondholders' Meeting in the Bond Issue held on 14 March 2018 (the "Bondholders' Meeting"), a resolution was passed whereby the Bondholders approved certain amendments to the Original Bond Agreement in accordance with a summons to the Bondholders' Meeting dated 28 February 2018.
(C) The amendments comprise, inter alia, a refinancing of the Bond Issue through a replacement of the Original Bond Agreement for an extended term of three years on new terms for the Outstanding Bonds (the "Refinancing"), by amending and restating the Original Bond Agreement in accordance with a refinancing term sheet dated 28 February 2018 (the "Term Sheet").
(D) The amended and restated bond terms (the "Amended Bond Terms") are attached as Schedule 1 hereto.
(E) This Agreement, together with the Amended Bond Terms, sets out the amendments to the Original Bond Agreement approved by the Bondholders at the Bondholders' Meeting.
NOW THEREFORE, it is hereby agreed as follows:
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1 In this Agreement:
"Effective Date" shall mean the date on which the Bond Trustee notifies the Issuer in writing that it has received all the documents and other evidence required as conditions precedent set out in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) in form and substance satisfactory to it;
"Long-stop Date" means 1 May 2018; and
"Security Interests" shall mean the Pre-Disbursement Security established and perfected in connection with the Bond Issue pursuant to the Original Bond Agreement, as evidenced by

Page 3 of 7

the Security Documents, except the share pledges granted in respect of the Group's holding of shares in the divested companies Grenland Arena AS and Istrail Invest AS.
1.2 Terms defined in the Amended Bond Terms shall, unless expressly defined herein or otherwise required by the context, have the same meaning in this Agreement.
1.3 The provisions of Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Amended Bond Terms apply to this Agreement as though they were set out herein in their entirety, except that references to the Amended Bond Terms shall be construed as references to this Agreement and any other logical adjustments being made.

2.

ASSUMPTION, AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT

2.1 The Parties agree that on and with effect from the Effective Date the Original Bond Agreement shall be amended and restated by this Agreement, so that it shall then be in effect in the form set out in Schedule 1 (Amended Bond Terms) hereto.

2.2 References to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as reference to the Amended Bond Terms following the Effective Date.

3.

AFFIRMATION OF SECURITY

3.1 The Issuer confirms and shall ensure that, notwithstanding the amendments effected by this Agreement, each of the Security Interests granted pursuant to the Original Bond Agreement, and the obligations of each of the Issuer, Borgestad Næringspark AS and Borgestad Properties AS under the Security Documents, shall continue in full force and effect and shall extend to the liabilities and the obligations of the Issuer under the Amended Bond Terms and the other Finance Documents (as applicable and subject to such limitations as set out in the Amended Bond Terms).

3.2 The Issuer undertakes that it shall, and shall ensure that each of Borgestad Næringspark AS and Borgestad Properties AS, promptly upon written request by the Bond Trustee, execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and do all such acts and things as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in connection with making any amendments to the Security Documents to reflect the amendments to the Original Bond Agreement effected by this Agreement and the extension and affirmation of the liabilities and obligations subject to the Security Documents pursuant to Clause 3.1 above.

4.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

The amendments to the Original Bond Agreement as set out in Clause 2 (Amendment and restatement) are subject to the Bond Trustee having received all the documents and other evidence listed below:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by all parties hereto;
(ii) evidence that a requisite majority of the Bondholders have approved the proposal set out in the summons to the Bondholders' Meeting;

Page 4 of 7

(iii) copies of the Issuer's constitutional documents, necessary corporate resolutions and any necessary governmental approvals, consent or waivers (as the case may be) to execute the Agreement and other Finance Documents;
(iv) confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of the entering info effect of the Bond Terms, and that no event or circumstance has occurred which would, with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination under the Finance Documents or any combination of any of the foregoing, constitute an Event of Default;
(v) the latest annual financial statements and quarterly report of the Issuer;
(vi) necessary corporate resolutions from the Subsidiaries having granted Security to approve the Bond Terms and reconfirm the Security;
(vii) evidence that the Paying Agent has received funds from the Issuer sufficient to settle the payment of the one-time consent and administration fee to the Bondholders (with record date at the end of business on 14 March 2018), as set forth in the summons to the Bondholders' Meeting dated 28 February 2018, no later than 21 March 2018;
(viii) all legal opinions in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee; and
(ix) any other Finance Documents being duly executed and perfected in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee,
each in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, unless waived by the Bond Trustee in its discretion. The Bond Trustee shall notify the Issuer promptly upon being so satisfied.

5.

REPRESENTATIONS

The Issuer makes the representations and warranties as set out in Clause 7 (Representations and warranties) of the Amended Bond Terms to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing (i) on the date of this Agreement and (ii) on the Effective Date.

6.

AFFIRMATION OF THE FINANCE DOCUMENTS

Except as expressly modified by this Agreement, all terms and provisions of the Original Bond Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects as if herein set forth in their entirety. All references in the Original Bond Agreement to "this Agreement", "hereof', "hereby", "hereto", and the like shall from the Effective Date, mean the Amended Bond Terms.

7.

TERMINATION

Ilf, for whatever reason, the Effective Date has not occurred at the latest on the Long-stop Date, (i) this Agreement shall automatically terminate and the amendment and restatement

Page 5 o f 7

contemplated by Clause 2.1 above shall not take effect and (ii) the Issuer shall redeem the Outstanding Bonds at a price of 101% of par value plus accrued interest.

8.

MISCELLANOUS

7.1 This Agreement is a Finance Document for the purpose of the Amended Bond Terms.

7.2 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Agreement.

7.3 The provisions of Clause 19 (Governing law andjurisdiction) of the Amended Bond Terms shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Agreement.

·k k k
(signature pages follows)

SIGNATURE PAGE AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT

Page 6 of 7

This Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Borgestad ASA Issuer )1
---- Name: Title: C E O

Nordic Trustee AS Bond Trustee
Name: L ars Erik L æ ru m

The following Subsidiaries hereby confirm and acknowledge the amendments to the Original Bond Agreement as further set out in this Agreement:

Borgestad Properties as Pledgor under the relevant Security
Documents

Borgestad Naeringpark AS as Pledgor under the relevant Security
Documents

AUv/---Name: (jKlj&bn WLL<<&£n
Title:

Name : Title:

, r\Av\A4l--\
n
aXO^i

SCHEDULE 1 AMENDED BOND TERMS

Page 7 o f 7

BOND TERMS FOR
FRN Borgestad ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2017 ISIN NO001 0720766
1

Clause

Contents

Page

1. IN T E R P R E T A T IO N ........................................................................................................................ 3 2. THE B O N D S .................................................................................................................................... 15 3. THE B O N D H O L D E R S..................................................................................................................16 4. A DM ISSIO N TO L IS T IN G ..........................................................................................................17 5. REG ISTRA TIO N OF THE B O N D S ...........................................................................................17 6. CONDITIONS FO R D ISB U R SEM EN T....................................................................................17 7. REPRESENTA TIO N S AND W A R R A N T IE S ........................................................................ 17 8. PAYM ENTS IN RESPECT OF THE B O N D S ........................................................................ 19 9. IN TER EST........................................................................................................................................ 21 10. RED EM PTIO N AND REPU R C H A SE OF B O N D S ............................................................. 21 11. PURCHA SE AND TRA N SFER OF B O N D S .......................................................................... 23 12. IN FO RM ATION U N D E R T A K IN G S ........................................................................................ 24 13. GENERAL AND FINA N CIAL U N D E R T A K IN G S............................................................. 25 14. EVENTS OF D EFAU LT AND A CCELERATION OF THE B O N D S ............................. 27 15. BO N D H O LD ER S' D E C IS IO N S ................................................................................................ 30 16. THE BO ND T R U ST E E ................................................................................................................. 35 17. AM ENDM ENTS AND W A IV E R S ........................................................................................... 39 18. M ISC E L L A N E O U S....................................................................................................................... 40 19. GOV ERN IN G LA W AND JU R ISD IC TIO N ........................................................................... 42

SCHEDULE 1:

FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

BOND TERMS replacing the Original Bond Agreement (as defined below) originally dated 1 October 2014, as amended and restated by an amendment and restatement agreement dated 20 March 2018 (the "Amendment Agreement"), and made between

ISSUER:

Borgestad ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 920 639 674 and LEI-code 5967007LIEEXZXG3AG53; and

BOND TRUSTEE:

Nordic Trustee AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624 and LEI-code 549300XAKTM2BMKIPT85.

These Bond Terms shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions The following terms will have the following meanings:

"Acceptable Bank" means (a) a commercial bank, savings bank or trust company which has a rating of A- or higher from S&P Global Ratings or A3 or higher from Moody's Investor Service Limited or a comparable rating from a nationally recognized credit rating agency for its long term debt obligations, or (b) a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking business in Norway.

"Accounts Bank" means (a) Nordea Bank Norge ASA, (b) another Nordic bank with operations in Norway or (c) any other Acceptable Bank.

"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person:

(a) any person which is a Subsidiary of that person;

(b) any person who has Decisive Influence over that person (directly or indirectly); and

(c) any person which is a Subsidiary of an entity who has Decisive Influence (directly or indirectly) over that person.

"Agora Bytom" means the company Agora Bytom Sp. z.o.o.

"Annual Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such financial statements to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report of the board o f directors.

"Assignment of Intercompany Loans" means the first priority assignments by the Issuer of all its present and future monetary claims under Intercompany Loans.
"Assignment of Subordinated Loans" means the first priority assignments by a Subsidiary of all its present and future monetary claims under Subordinated Loans.
"Attachment" means each o f the attachments to these Bond Terms.
"Bank Account Pledges" means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's and Borgestad Næringspark A S' bank accounts (subject to any permitted netting and set-off arrangement).
"Bond Currency" means Norwegian kroner (NOK), being the lawful currency o f Norway.
"Bond Terms" means these terms and conditions, including all Attachments which shall form an integrated part of these Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.
"Bond Trustee" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
"Bond Trustee Fee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders 'rights).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders as set out in Clause 15 (Bondholders' Decisions).
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms.
"Book Equity" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with IFRS, as set out in the most recent Annual Financial Statements or Interim Accounts (as the case may be) of the Issuer.
"Business Day" means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant Bond Currency settlement system is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following).
"Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option).
"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date

agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of Bonds.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means on any date, on a consolidated basis, the aggregate equivalent in NOK on such date of the then current market value of:
(i) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an Acceptable Bank;
(ii) time deposits with Acceptable Banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an Acceptable Bank;
(iii) unused and freely available credit facilities; and
(iv) readily marketable securities,
in each case to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at the time and to which any such Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to Security.
"Change of Control Event" means if any person or group under the same Decisive Influence obtains Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a statement substantially in the form as set out in Attachment 1 hereto.
"CSD" means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS).
"Debt Service Reserve Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer held with the Accounts Bank, to be used for interest payments under the Bond Issue, blocked (save for interest payments to be paid in accordance with the terms of the Bonds) and pledged on first priority in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents, including interests, costs and expenses.
"Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's claims against the Accounts Bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Debt Service Reserve Account, in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the Account Bank has waived any set-off rights.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding and/or other arrangement and/or through the direct and/or indirect ownership of shares and/or other ownership interests in another person:
(i) a majority o f the voting rights in that other person; or
(ii) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Default Notice" means a written notice to the Issuer as described in Clause 14.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds).
"Default Repayment Date" means the settlement date set out by the Bond Trustee in a Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds.
"Distribution" means any dividend payment, repurchase of shares and/or make any loans and/or other equity or capital distributions and/or payments to its shareholders (including servicing of shareholder loans) whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect.
"Effective Date" means the date on which the Bond Trustee notified the Issuer in writing that it had received, in form and substance satisfactory to it, or waived, all documents and other evidence required as conditions precedent set out in clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) of the Amendment Agreement.
"Event of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified in Clause 14.1 (Events o f Default).
"Exchange" means:
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange) or another securities exchange or other reputable regulated market; or
(b) Nordic ABM, a self-regulated marketplace organised and operated by Oslo Børs.
"Finance Documents" means these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement, any Transaction Security Document, and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed (and debit balances at banks or other financial institutions);
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument, including the Bonds;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease (meaning that the lease is capitalized as an asset and booked as a corresponding liability in the balance sheet);

(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis provided that the requirements for de-recognition under GAAP are met);
(f) any derivative transaction entered into and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the termination or close-out of that derivative transaction, that amount shall be taken into account);
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability of a person which is not a Group Company which liability would fall within one of the other paragraphs of this definition;
(h) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which are redeemable (other than at the option of the Issuer) before the Maturity Date or are otherwise classified as borrowings under GAAP;
(i) any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement, if (a) the primary reason behind entering into the agreement is to raise finance or (b) the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due more than 120 calendar days after the date of supply;
(j) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as a borrowing under GAAP; and
(k) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for any o f the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (j) above.
"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.
"Financial Support" means any loans, guarantees, Security or other financial assistance (whether actual or contingent).
"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting practices and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and all the Issuer's (directly or indirectly owned) Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Group Company" means any person which is a member of the Group.
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, and guidelines and interpretations issued thereto by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Initial Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of each Bond as set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds).
"Insolvent" means that a person:
(a) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due;
(b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or
(c) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its center of main interest as such term is understood pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended).
"Intercompany Loan" means any intercompany loan in excess of NOK 5,000,000 that may be provided by the Issuer to any Subsidiary, other than Agora Bytom (any such intercompany loan shall be senior debt of the borrower, and rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other creditors, except for those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law).
"Interest Payment Date" means 3 April 2018 and thereafter the last day of each Interest Period, the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity Date.
"Interest Period" means the first interest period from and including 3 April 2018 to 21 June 2018 and thereafter, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, the period between 21 March, 21 June, 21 September and 21 December each year, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
"Interest Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be determined, the day falling two (2) Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period.
"Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period plus the Margin.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for the quarterly period ending on each Quarter Date, prepared in accordance with GAAP.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number, being the identification number o f the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 3 October 2014.
"Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer.
"Issuer Share Pledges" means first priority pledges granted by the Issuer in respect of:

(a) all its shares (100%) in Borgestad Industries AS (registration number 911 879 808); and
(b) all its shares (100%) in Borgestad Properties AS (registration number 980 379 647).
"Liquidity" means, at any given time and on a consolidated basis, the aggregate book value o f the Group's Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"Manager" means Arctic Securities AS.
"Mandatory Redemption" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.5 (Mandatory Redemption) below.
"Mandatory Redemption Amount" means:
(i) if a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs as a result of a voluntary sale of shares or other assets by the Group or an issue of new shares in any of its Subsidiaries, an amount equal to the net proceeds received by the Group upon such sale or share issue, after repayment of financial indebtedness secured by such shares or assets (in the case of a sale) and deduction of taxes, cost and expenses incurred in connection with the sale or share issue;
(ii) if a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs as a result of the Permitted Financial Indebtedness raised by Agora Bytom exceeding EUR 55,000,000, and amount equal to the exceeding indebtedness; and
(iii) if a Mandatory Redemption Event otherwise occurs, including due to an Event of Default, an amount equal to the nominal value of all the Outstanding Bonds.
"Mandatory Redemption Event" means if:
(i) the Issuer ceases to be the owner (directly or indirectly) of 100% of the shares of Borgestad Properties AS;
(ii) the Issuer ceases to be the owner (directly or indirectly) of 100% of the shares of Agora Bytom or substantially all of the current assets of Agora Bytom;
(iii) the Issuer ceases to be the owner (directly or indirectly) of 100% of the shares of Borgestad Industries AS;
(iv) the Issuer ceases to be the owner (directly or indirectly) of 100% of the shares of Höganäs Borgestad AB;
(v) if the aggregate Permitted Financial Indebtedness raised by Agora Bytom at any time exceeds EUR 55,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies); or
(vi) an Event of Default occurs and is outstanding.
"Margin" means 7.00 per cent. per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:

(a) the Issuer's or any Subsidiary's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any o f the Finance Documents; or
(b) the validity or enforceability o f any o f the Finance Documents.
"Material Subsidiary" means:
(i) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 20% of the total consolidated assets of the Group, or
(ii) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated turnover represents at least 15% of the total consolidated turnover of the Group, or
(iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date,
always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20% of the consolidated turnover, or total consolidated assets of the Group (as the case may be).
"Maturity Date" means 21 March 2021, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention.
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount (less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partially redeemed, if any) pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o fBonds) or any other amount following a split of Bonds pursuant to Clause 16.2, paragraph (j).
"Original Bond Agreement" means the bond agreement dated 1 October 2014 for the Bond Issue and made between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, as amended by an amendment agreement dated 13 December 2016.
"Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by the Issuer under any of the Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Partial Payment" means a payment that is insufficient to discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means:
(i) the Bond Issue;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness under any hedging arrangements entered into on market terms and as part of the ordinary course of business of the Issuer and for non speculative purposes;
(iii) any Financial Indebtedness under finance or capital leases of vehicles, equipment or computers incurred by the Issuer in the ordinary course of business;
(iv) Financial Indebtedness in the principal amount of up to EUR 57,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) raised by Agora Bytom;
(v) Financial Indebtedness in the principal amount of up to NOK 200,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) raised by Borgestad Industries AS or any of its Subsidiaries;
(vi) Financial Indebtedness in the principal amount of up to NOK 50,000,000 under Borgestad Næringspark AS' existing facility with Sparebanken Telemark;
(vii) any Subordinated Loans pursuant to a Subordinated Loan Agreement, provided such Subordinated Loan is subject to a first priority pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee; and
(viii) Financial Indebtedness not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the outstanding principal amount of which does not exceed NOK 5,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate for the Group at any time.
"Permitted Security" means:
(i) Security granted in relation to Permitted Financial Indebtedness paragraphs (i) and (ii);
(ii) Security granted over assets of Agora Bytom in relation to Permitted Financial Indebtedness paragraph (iv);
(iii) second lien mortgages in the amount of NOK 50,000,000 over each of the properties 74/144 and 74/211, both in Skien municipality, owned by Borgestad Næringspark AS and granted in favour of Sparebanken Telemark;
(iv) any lien arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business;
(v) any Security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to the Issuer in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by the Issuer; and
(vi) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of the Issuer.
"Property Mortgages" means the first priority mortgages in the amount o f NOK 21,500,000 over each o f the following properties owned by Borgestad Næringspark AS:

(i) property no. 69, title no. 4 in Skien municipality;
(ii) property no. 74, title no. 144 in Skien municipality; and
(iii) property no. 74, title no. 211 in Skien municipality.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Reference Rate" shall mean NIBOR (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) being:
(a) the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day shall be used; or
(b) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period;
(i) the linear interpolation between the two closest relevant Interest Periods, and with the same number of decimals, quoted under paragraph (a) above; or
(ii) a rate for deposits in the Bond Currency for the relevant Interest Period as supplied to the Bond Trustee at its request quoted by a sufficient number of commercial banks reasonably selected by the Bond Trustee; or
(c) if no quotation is available under paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer best reflects the interest rate for deposits in the Bond Currency offered for the relevant Interest Period.
In each case, if any such rate is below zero, the Reference Rate will be deemed to be zero.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
"Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules o f the CSD from time to time;
(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and

(c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution:
(i) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons have been published; or,
(ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
"Repayment Date" means any Call Option Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, a Tax Event Repayment Date or the Maturity Date.
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent and the Bond Trustee on behalf of itself and the Bondholders.
"Securities Trading Act" means the Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee or any successor Security Agent, acting for and on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with any Security Agent Agreement or any other Finance Document.
"Security Agent Agreement" means any agreement whereby the Security Agent is appointed to act as such in the interest of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
"Security Interests" means:
(i) the Debt Service Account Pledge;
(ii) the Share Pledges;
(iii) the Property Mortgages;
(iv) the Bank Account Pledges;
(v) the Assignment of Intercompany Loans; and
(vi) the Assignment of Subordinated Loans.
"Share Pledges" means the Issuer Share Pledges and the Subsidiaries Share Pledges.
"Subordinated Loan" means a loan from a Subsidiary to the Issuer governed by a Subordinated Loan Agreement, and:
(i) fully subordinated to the Bonds;

(ii) without enforcement rights prior to the Maturity Date; and
(iii) subject to an Assignment of Subordinated Loans.
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the agreement for any Subordinated Loan in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiaries Share Pledges" means a first priority share pledge granted by:
(a) Borgestad Properties AS over all its shares (100%) in Borgestad Næringspark AS (registration number 990 347 328); and
(b) Borgestad Properties AS over all its shares (50%) in Bridge Eiendom AS (registration number 991 610 944).
"Subsidiary" means on any date an entity over which another entity or person has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be.
"Tax Event Repayment Date" means the date set out in a notice from the Issuer to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Early redemption option due to a tax event).
"Transaction Security" means the Security created or expressed to be created in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents.
"Transaction Security Documents" means, collectively, all of the documents which have been executed or delivered pursuant to Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) expressed to create any Security Interest by the relevant grantor thereof in respect of the Issuer's obligations under any of the Finance Documents.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one o f those Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 15.5 (Written Resolutions).
1.2 Construction In these Bond Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number will include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of these Bond Terms;
(d) references to a time are references to Central European time unless otherwise stated;

(e) references to a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;

(f) references to a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline by any official body;

(g) references to a "person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality;

(h) references to Bonds being "redeemed" means that such Bonds are cancelled and discharged in the CSD in a corresponding amount, and that any amounts so redeemed may not be subsequently re-issued under these Bond Terms;

(i) references to Bonds being "purchased" or "repurchased" by the Issuer means that such Bonds may be dealt with by the Issuer as set out in Clause 11.1 (Issuer's purchase o fBonds),

(j) references to persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Securities Trading Act; and

(k) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.

2.

THE BONDS

2.1 Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds (a) The Issuer has issued a series o f Bonds in the amount o f NOK 300,000,000.

(b) The Bonds are denominated in Norwegian Kroner (NOK), being the legal currency of Norway.

(c) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is NOK 500,000.

(d) The ISIN o f the Bonds is NO 001 0720766. All Bonds issued under the same ISIN will have identical terms and conditions as set out in these Bond Terms.

2.2 Tenor of the Bonds
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.

2.3 Use of proceeds The net proceeds from the Bonds have been applied towards refinancing of debt and general corporate purposes of the Group as set forth in Clause 2.3 of the Original Bond Agreement.

2.4 Status of the Bonds
The Bonds constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application). The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

2.5 Transaction Security
All amounts outstanding to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents, including but not limited to principal, interest, fees and expenses, shall (subject to any mandatory limitations under applicable law) be secured by the Security Interests.

3.

THE BONDHOLDERS

3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders
(a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party.

(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.

3.2 Limitation of rights of action
(a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.

(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

3.3 Bondholders' rights
(a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction to be the beneficial owner o f the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall only have to examine the face o f a power o f attorney or similar evidence o f authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

4.

ADMISSION TO LISTING

The Issuer shall procure that the Bonds remain listed on Oslo Børs (or another Exchange) until the Bonds have been redeemed in full.

5.

REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS

5.1 Registration in the CSD
The Bonds shall be registered in dematerialised form in the CSD according to the relevant securities registration legislation and the requirements of the CSD.

5.2 Obligation to ensure correct registration
The Issuer will at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall immediately upon any amendment or variation of these Bond Terms give notice to the CSD of any such amendment or variation.

5.3 Country of issuance
The Bonds have not been issued under any other country's legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction. Save for the registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Issuer is under no obligation to register, or cause the registration of, the Bonds in any other registry or under any other legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction.

6.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

Payment of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds was subject to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) having received the documents set forth in Clause 6 of the Original Bond Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to it.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 (Representations and warranties), in respect o f itself to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a) at the date o f these Bond Terms; and

(b) at the Effective Date.

7.1 Status
It is a public limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.2 Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
These Bond Terms and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding

obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by it of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
7.5 No Event of Default (i) No Event o f Default exists or is likely to result from the making o f any drawdown under these Bond Terms or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance has occurred which constitutes (or with the expiry o f any grace period, the giving o f notice, the making o f any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by these Bond Terms,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.7 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations o f or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best o f its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
7.8 Financial Reports Its most recent Financial Reports fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the most recent Financial Reports, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.10 No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of the issuance of the Bonds was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

7.11 No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under these Bond Terms.

7.12 Pari passu ranking
Its payment obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party ranks as set out in Clause 2.4.

7.13 Security
No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with these Bond Terms.

8.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

8.1 Covenant to pay
(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.

(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD.

(c) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Bond Terms will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.

(d) If a Payment Date or a date for other payments to the Bondholders pursuant to the Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant currency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such payment in the relevant Finance Document.

8.2 Default interest (a) Default interest will accrue on any Overdue Amount from and including the Payment Date on which it was first due to and excluding the date on which the payment is made at the Interest Rate plus an additional three (3) per cent. per annum.
(b) Default interest accrued on any Overdue Amount pursuant to this Clause 8.2 (Default interest) will be added to the Overdue Amount on each Interest Payment Date until the Overdue Amount and default interest accrued thereon have been repaid in full.
8.3 Partial Payments (a) If the Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee receives a Partial Payment, such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the Issuer's debt under the Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the Issuer in the following order of priority:
(i) firstly, towards any outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses of the Bond Trustee (and any Security Agent);
(ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid; and
(iii) thirdly, towards any principal amount due but unpaid.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Partial Payment which is distributed to the Bondholders, shall, after the above mentioned deduction of outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses, be applied (i) firstly towards any principal amount due but unpaid and (ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid, in the following situations;
(i) the Bond Trustee has served a Default Notice in accordance with Clause 14.2 (Acceleration of the Bonds), or
(ii) as a result of a resolution according to Clause 15 (Bondholders' decisions).
8.4 Taxation (a) The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Issuer shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents:
(i) gross up the amount of the payment due from it up to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been required; and
(ii) at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax deduction or withholding has been made.

(c) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

8.5 Currency
(a) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds). If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account.

(b) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its account manager in the CSD) within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.

8.6 Set-off and counterclaims The Issuer apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document.

9.

INTEREST

9.1 Calculation of interest
(a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.

(b) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis). The Interest Rate will be reset at each Interest Quotation Day by the Bond Trustee, who will notify the Issuer and the Paying Agent and, if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange, of the new Interest Rate and the actual number of calendar days for the next Interest Period.

9.2 Payment of interest
Interest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period and, with respect to accrued interest on the principal amount then due and payable, on each Repayment Date.

10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BONDS
10.1 Redemption of Bonds The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 102 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.

10.2 Voluntary early redemption - Call Option (a) The Issuer may redeem all but not only some of the Outstanding Bonds (the "Call Option") on any Business Day from and including the Interest Payment Date in September 2020 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 102 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond.
(b) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20), Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations o f the CSD.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option is irrevocable and will not be affected by any subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the sixty (60) calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above. However, the settlement of the Put Option will be based on each Bondholders holding of Bonds at the Put Option Redemption Date.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent. of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be

given earlier than sixty (60) days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect o f the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory Redemption Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event, the Issuer shall, on or about the day the Group receives the proceeds (or borrowings as the case may be) following the relevant Mandatory Redemption Event but in any event within 90 days (unless there is an Event of Default, in which case it will be promptly), redeem Outstanding Bonds with a nominal amount equal to the Mandatory Redemption Amount at the following prices:
(i) if occurring anytime from the Effective Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling one (1) year after the Effective Date, at a price equal to 106 per cent. o f the Nominal Amount (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(ii) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date falling one (1) year after to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling two (2) years after the Effective Date, at a price equal to 104 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount); and
(iii) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date falling two (2) years after to, but not including, the Maturity Date, at a price equal to 102 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Redemption Event occurred and not based on the date the repayment is carried out.
If the Bonds are redeemed in full according to this Mandatory Redemption clause, the entire amount on the Debt Service Reserve Account may be used as partly payment.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged (redemption).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.

12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS
12.1 Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication o f its Financial Reports pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports), a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the relevant Financial Report attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer o f the Issuer, certifying inter alia that the Interim Accounts are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date o f those Financial Reports.
(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.
12.3 Put Option Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Put Option Event has occurred.
12.4 Information: Miscellaneous The Issuer shall:
(a) promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default or any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or could reasonably be expected to understand may lead to an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it;
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(c) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds (to the best of its knowledge, having made due and appropriate enquiries);
(d) send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(e) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(f) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating o f the Bonds, and any changes to such rating;
(g) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration o f the Bonds in the CSD; and
(h) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's and the Group's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 13 (General and financial Undertakings).
13.1 Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.2 De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3 Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary will, cease to carry on its business. The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Terms, and/or as set out in the Bond Terms.
13.4 Disposal of business The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless: (a) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; (b) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) the Bonds are redeemed, subject to and in accordance with, the Mandatory Redemption provisions in Clause 10.5 above.
13.5 Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company will, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
13.6 Corporate status
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary will, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation

13.7 Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies will, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.8 Financial Indebtedness The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Material Subsidiary will, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness, other than the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

13.9 Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Material Subsidiary will, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or other encumbrance over any of its present or future assets (including shares in the Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the Permitted Security.

13.10

Financial support
The Issuer shall not grant any Financial Support to or for the benefit of any third party not being a Group Company, other than Financial Support (a) in connection with Permitted Financial Indebtedness; and (b) in relation to the Permitted Security.

13.11 13.12

Dividend restrictions
The Issuer shall not declare and/or make any Distribution, except that the Issuer may repurchase shares for an aggregate consideration of up to NOK 2 million in any financial year and/or make interest payments in kind on any Subordinated Loan by adding it to the principal amount (PIK interest).
Transaction Security Documents The Issuer undertakes to do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that the Security created by any Transaction Security Document to which it is a party remains duly created, enforceable and perfected on the required priority, at the expense of the Issuer or the relative security provider (as the case may be).

13.13

Insurances
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all Material Subsidiaries will, maintain insurances on and in relation to its business and assets against those risks and to the extent as is commercially available and usual for companies carrying on the same or substantially similar business.

13.14

Subordinated Loans The Issuer shall ensure that any intra-group loan from a Subsidiary to the Issuer (if any) is made in the form of a Subordinated Loan.

13.15

Debt Service Reserve Account
(a) The Issuer shall ensure that on the Effective Date an amount equal to the total amount to be paid on the Interest Payment Dates on 3 April 2018 and 21 June 2018 is deposited on the Debt Service Reserve Account, and commencing one month after the

Effective Date, the Issuer shall on a monthly basis transfer to the Debt Service Account an amount equal to 1/3 of the amount to be paid for each subsequent Interest Payment Dates.
(b) Amounts standing on the Debt Service Reserve Account shall only be used to pay scheduled interest under the Bonds.
13.16 Financial Covenants 13.16.1 Liquidity The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a minimum Liquidity o f NOK 25,000,000.
13.16.2 Book Equity The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Book Equity of no less than NOK 350,000,000.
13.16.3 Compliance with financial covenants The financial covenants following from Clause 13.16.1 and 13.16.2 shall be complied with at all times, and such compliance shall be measured on each Quarter Date by reference to, and certified by a Compliance Certificate with, each Financial Report.
14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS 14.1 Events of Default
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 14.1 shall constitute an Event of Default:
(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents when such amount is due for payment, unless:
(i) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error in payment systems or the CSD and payment is made within five (5) Business Days following the original due date; or
(ii) in the discretion o f the Bond Trustee, the Issuer has substantiated that it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations
The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents other than set out under paragraph (a) (Non-payment) above, unless such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days after the earlier of the Issuer's actual knowledge thereof, or notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c) Misrepresentation
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under or in connection with any Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made, unless the circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer becoming aware of such misrepresentation.
(d) Cross default
If for the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any applicable grace period; or
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
provided however that the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above exceeds a total o f NOK 50,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency).
(e) Insolvency and insolvency proceedings
The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary:
(i) is Insolvent; or
(ii) is object of any corporate action or any legal proceedings is taken in relation to:
(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than a solvent liquidation or reorganization; or
(B) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor which may materially impair the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations under these Bond Terms; or

(C) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(D) enforcement of any Security over any of its or their assets having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.1 (d) (Cross default) above; or
(E) for (A) - (D) above, any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any such company,
however this shall not apply to any petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty (20) Business Days of commencement.
(f) Creditor's process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.1 (d) (Cross default) above and is not discharged within twenty (20) Business Days.
(g) Unlawfulness
It is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Finance Documents to the extent this may materially impair:
(i) the ability o f the Issuer to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(ii) the ability of the Bond Trustee or any Security Agent to exercise any material right or power vested to it under the Finance Documents.
14.2 Acceleration of the Bonds If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, or upon instruction received from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 14.3 (Bondholders ' instructions) below, by serving a Default Notice:
(a) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or
(b) exercise (or direct the Security Agent to exercise) any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Finance Documents or take such further measures as are necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents.
14.3 Bondholders' instructions The Bond Trustee shall serve a Default Notice pursuant to Clause 14.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds) if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing from Bondholders representing a simple majority of the Voting Bonds, that an Event of Default shall be declared, and a Bondholders' Meeting has not made a resolution to the contrary; or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting, by a simple majority decision, has approved the declaration of an Event of Default.
14.4 Calculation of claim The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of the serving of a Default Notice will be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) as applicable at the following dates (and regardless o f the Default Repayment Date set out in the Default Notice):
(i) for any Event of Default arising out of a breach of Clause 14.1 (Events o f Default) paragraph (a) (Non-payment), the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when such Event of Default occurred; and
(ii) for any other Event of Default, the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when the Default Notice was served by the Bond Trustee.
15. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS 15.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting may, on behalf of the Bondholders, resolve to alter any of these Bond Terms, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
(c) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(d) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause 16.1 (Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(e) At least 50 per cent. of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders' Meeting for a quorum to be present.
(f) Resolutions will be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (g) below.
(g) Save for any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to Clause 17.1 (Procedure fo r amendments and waivers) paragraph (a), section (i) and (ii), a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders'

Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment of any provisions of these Bond Terms, including a change of Issuer and change of Bond Trustee.
15.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in writing of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders' Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the Bondholders' Meeting.
(f) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase o fBonds).
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting,

chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting (the Bond Trustee or such other representative, the "Chairperson").
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power of attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative"). The Chairperson may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the Chairperson will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the Chairperson. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairperson and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website o f the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
(l) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
15.3 Voting rules (a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights). The Chairperson may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence o f ownership o f Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The Chairperson shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 15 (Bondholders ' decisions), a Bondholder that has a Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3

(Bondholders 'rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders ' rights) stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any o f the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case o f parity o f votes, the Chairperson will have the deciding vote.
15.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting (a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten (10) Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting), Clause 15.2 (Procedure fo r arranging a Bondholders'Meeting) and Clause 15.3 (Voting rules) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 15.5 (Written Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 15.2 (Procedure fo r arranging a Bondholders 'Meeting) and vice versa.
15.5 Written Resolutions (a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.

(d) The provisions set out in Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting), 15.2 (Procedure fo r arranging a Bondholder's Meeting), Clause 15.3 (Voting Rules) and Clause 15.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:
(i) the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 15.2 (Procedure fo r arranging Bondholders Meetings); or
(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 15.5 (Written Resolution),
shall not apply to a Written Resolution.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 15.4 (Repeated Bondholders'Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons.
(f) Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights), will be counted in the Written Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of Clause 15.1 (Authority o f Bondholders'Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be resolved if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry o f the Voting Period.
(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 15.1(Authority o f Bondholders 'Meeting).

16. THE BOND TRUSTEE
16.1 Power to represent the Bondholders (a) The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.
(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
16.2 The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on separated accounts.
(f) The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other Finance Document, or any applicable law.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.

(h) If the cost, loss or liability which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(i) complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or
(ii) taking any action at its own initiative,
will not, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee, be covered by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) of Clause 16.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(i) The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring o f the Bonds or other situations.
16.3 Equality and conflicts of interest (a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
16.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently in:
(i) acting in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts; or

(ii) taking, delaying or omitting any action if acting with reasonable care and provided the Bond Trustee considers that such action is in the interests of the Bondholders.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests o f the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due to an Event of Default, the Issuer being Insolvent or similar circumstances pertaining to it, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection therewith. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Transaction Security, and to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses from those funds.
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 14.3 (Bondholders ' instructions) or Clause 15.2 (Procedure fo r arranging a Bondholders' Meeting)), the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that instruction and/or who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.

16.5 Replacement of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 15 (Bondholders ' Decisions), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 16.5 (Replacement o f the Bond Trustee), initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this Clause 16.5 (Replacement o f the Bond Trustee). The Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(d) The change of Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits and any unpaid fees or expenses under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.
16.6 Security Agent (a) The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bonds, unless any other person is appointed. The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under the Transaction Security Documents with respect to the Transaction Security on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall, when acting as Security Agent for the Bonds, at all times maintain and keep all certificates and other documents received by it, that are bearers of right relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for or required to insure against any loss incurred in connection with such safe custody.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other party to a Finance Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters, whether or not a separate Security Agent Agreement has been entered into.
(e) The provisions set out in Clause 16.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any expenses and liabilities of the Security Agent in connection with the Finance Documents.
17. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
17.1 Procedure for amendments and waivers (a) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the Bondholders in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Bondholders 'Decisions).
(b) Any changes to these Bond Terms necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee shall be documented in an amendment to these Bond Terms, signed by the Bond Trustee (in its discretion). If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all o f the Transaction Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf o f the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
17.2 Authority with respect to documentation If the Bondholders have resolved the substance of an amendment to any Finance Document, without resolving on the specific or final form of such amendment, the Bond Trustee shall be considered authorised to draft, approve and/or finalise (as applicable) any required documentation or any outstanding matters in such documentation without any further approvals or involvement from the Bondholders being required.
17.3 Notification of amendments or waivers The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with this Clause 17 (Amendments and waivers), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly registered with the CSD.

18. MISCELLANEOUS 18.1 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
18.2 Access to information (a) These Bond Terms will be made available to the public and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee will not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or any other person, and the Bondholders have no right to obtain information from the Bond Trustee, other than as explicitly stated in these Bond Terms or pursuant to statutory provisions of law.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership o f the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
(c) The information referred to in paragraph (b) above may only be used for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
18.3 Notices, contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from the CSD.
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by fax, when received.
(c) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall each ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(d) When determining deadlines set out in these Bond Terms, the following will apply (unless otherwise stated):

(i) if the deadline is set out in days, the first day of the relevant period will not be included and the last day o f the relevant period will be included;
(ii) if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline will end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline will be the last day of such month; and
(iii) if a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.
18.4 Defeasance (a) Subject to paragraph (b) below and provided that:
(i) an amount sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (including, to the extent applicable, any premium payable upon exercise of the Call Option), and always subject to paragraph (c) below (the "Defeasance Amount") is credited by the Issuer to an account in a financial institution acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Account");
(ii) the Defeasance Account is irrevocably pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee on such terms as the Bond Trustee shall request (the "Defeasance Pledge"); and
(iii) the Bond Trustee has received such legal opinions and statements reasonably required by it, including (but not necessarily limited to) with respect to the validity and enforceability o f the Defeasance Pledge,
then;
(A) the Issuer will be relieved from its obligations under Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) paragraph (a), Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event), Clause 12.4 (Information: Miscellaneous) and Clause 13 (General andfinancial undertakings); and
(B) any Transaction Security shall be released and the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered replacement o f the Transaction Security.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to apply any amount credited to the Defeasance Account towards any amount payable by the Issuer under any Finance Document on the due date for the relevant payment until all obligations o f the Issuer and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents are repaid and discharged in full.
(c) The Bond Trustee may, if the Defeasance Amount cannot be finally and conclusively determined, decide the amount to be deposited to the Defeasance Account in its discretion, applying such buffer amount as it deems required.
A defeasance established according to this Clause 18.4 may not be reversed.

19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 19.1 Governing law
These Bond Terms are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
19.2 Main jurisdiction The Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that the City Court of the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms. The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms against the Issuer or any of its assets may be brought in such court.
19.3 Alternative jurisdiction Clause 19 (Governing law and jurisdiction) is for the exclusive benefit o f the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right:
(a) to commence proceedings against the Issuer or any o f its assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and
(b) to commence such proceedings, including enforcement proceedings, in any competent jurisdiction concurrently.
000
These Bond Terms have been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee have retained one each.

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

SCHEDULE 1

[date] FRN Borgestad ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2017 (as amended and extended) ISIN 001 0720766
We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause 12.2(a) of the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued in connection with each delivery of Financial Statements to the Bond Trustee. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [·]. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. With reference to Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) we hereby certify that all information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed. [The Financial Covenants set out in Clause 13.16 (Financial Covenants) are met, please see the calculations and figures in respect of the ratios attached hereto.] We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur.
Yours faithfully, Borgestad ASA
Name of authorised person Enclosure: Financial Statements; [and any other written documentation]

