Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA

To the bondholders in:

ISIN NO 001 0675671 Oslo, 28 November 2014

9 per cent Sterling Resources (UK) plc Senior Secured Bond Issue 2013/2019

Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - proposal to certain amendments of the Bond terms
Nordic Trustee ASA (previously Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue") of USD 225 million issued by Sterling Resources (UK) plc (previously Sterling Resources (UK) Ltd) ("Sterling Resources" or the "Issuer"), and guaranteed by Sterling Resources Ltd. (the "Parent" and together with its subsidiaries the "Group").
Capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 2 May 2013 (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and the described transactions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. BACKGROUND
1.1 Introduction
The Bond Issue was settled on April 30, 2013. The Issuer's principal asset is the Breagh Field in the UK North Sea and this field is intended to provide most of the cash flow for interest and amortization payments for the Bond Issue. However, since the issue of the Bonds, the Issuer has experienced various challenges which have significantly reduced the Issuer's cash flow in the period and the expected cash flow for the coming year. The shortfall and adjusted future outlook is primarily a consequence of the following:
· First production from the Breagh Field commenced in mid-October 2013, about two months behind scheduled start-up of August 2013;
· A total of approximately eleven weeks of production on the Breagh Field was lost in November/December 2013 due to damage to the onshore gas processing plant and in April 2014 for modifications at the onshore gas processing plant;
· Initial production from the first six wells completed on the Breagh Field has, in aggregate, been poorer than originally expected (although the recent successful hydraulic stimulation of wells A07 and A08 have demonstrated that significantly better performance should be expected from future wells with the use of hydraulic stimulation);
· Increased capital expenditure on Breagh phase 1 due to drilling of additional production wells, hydraulic stimulation of wells, increased capex associated with onshore gas compression and unplanned work related to completion of Breagh infrastructure; and
· UK spot gas prices were materially lower than originally expected in Q2 and Q3 2014 (although the gas prices have recovered in Q4 2014).

i
3562180 v l

The combined effect of the above is that net cash flow from Breagh for April 2013 through September 2014 was USD 195 million lower than originally forecasted in April 2013, and the net Breagh cash flow for October 2014 through December 2015 is expected to be USD 103 million below original expectations. As a consequence, the Issuer expects to breach the minimum Liquidity covenant of USD 10 million at the end of November and for this situation to worsen throughout 2015 and into 2016 before improving later in 2016 and thereafter.
To address this shortfall, the Group has an equity-reduction process underway in relation to the Parent's Romanian licences and is actively pursuing further asset divestments in the UK (including potentially a sale of a part of Breagh) and a refinancing of the Bond in HI 2015 to provide long term financing for the Group as well as other possible means of strengthening its balance sheet and liquidity position. Common for all of these measures however is the significant lead time in executing them while preserving value for all stakeholders. In order to ensure that the Group has sufficient liquidity to pursue this action plan over the next few months and avoid a covenant breach which could jeopardize such plan, it is approaching the Bondholders to ask for their consent to make certain amendments to the Bond Agreement as described herein.
For further details, reference is made to the company presentation posted on the website http://www.sterling-resources.com/ simultaneously with the distribution of this summons letter.
1.2 Further information
The Issuer has engaged Pareto Securities AS ("Pareto") as financial adviser with respect to the Proposal herein. Accordingly, Bondholders may contact Pareto as follows for further information:
· Pareto Fixed Income Desk, +47 22 87 87 70
Pareto is acting solely for the Issuer and its affiliates and no-one else in connection herewith. Pareto expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to the information contained herein).
2. PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO THE BOND AGREEMENT
In accordance with Clause 16.2 of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a meeting of Bondholders ("Bondholders' Meeting") in order to consider the Issuer's request to amend the terms of the Bond Issue as set out below, pursuant to the authority given to the Bondholders' Meeting under Clause 16.1 of the Bond Agreement.
The Issuer proposes that the Bond Agreement and any relevant ancillary documents are amended and restated, or new documentation entered into, to reflect the following proposed amendments (the "Proposal"):
2.1 Temporary release from monthly payments to Debt Service Retention Account Monthly payments into the Debt Service Retention Account (as relates to interest payments under Clause 13.4.6 (d) and Instalment payments under Clause 13.4.6 (e)) are suspended as from 30 November 2014 until (but excluding) 30 April 2015, from which date all monthly payment obligations shall be reinstated. On or before 28 April 2015, the Issuer shall pay into the Debt Service Retention Account the total aggregate amount due under the Bond Agreement on 30 April 2015.
2
3562180 v l

2.2 Release of funds in Debt Service Retention Account The full amount standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Debt Service Retention Account as of the date of the Bondholder Meeting is released (i) to pay the Amendment Fee (as defined below) to the Bondholders solely upon the due resolutions by the Bondholders' Meeting and (ii) the remaining amount is released to an unrestricted bank account of the Issuer when all amendments to the Bond Agreement become effective.
2.3 Liquidity Covenant Temporary amendment to the Issuer Financial Covenant in Clause 13.5.1 of the Bond Agreement, pursuant to which the minimum requirement of Liquidity for the Issuer shall be USD 7.5 million in the period commencing on and from 30 November 2014 until and including 30 January 2015 and, from 31 January 2015, shall revert to USD 10 million.
2.4 Mandatory Prepayment Provisions
2.4.1 Breagh Disposal Upon a Breagh Disposal:
(i) the Issuer shall make any payment due to Flowstream SIF Ltd in relation to a termination of its entitlement agreements related to the Breagh Field (a "Flowstream Payment");
(ii) the Issuer shall immediately redeem outstanding Bonds pursuant to the Mandatory Prepayment provisions in Clause 10.4 of the Bond Agreement subject to such repayment premium as set out therein; and
(iii) the cash proceeds received by the Issuer (including any contingent or deferred payments upon receipt) may be used in satisfaction of the Issuer's obligations under (i) or (ii) above and, thereafter, shall be applied immediately or when payments are due (as applicable) until exhausted in the following order of priority:
a. firstly, to pay any reasonable advisoiy fees or other non-tax transaction related payments required to be made (for regulatory purposes or in line with market practice) as a result of such Breagh Disposal;
b. secondly, to transfer to the Debt Service Retention Account up to an amount making the aggregate balance of the Debt Service Retention Account equal to the sum of the interest and Instalment payments payable on the next Interest Payment Date (such amount referred to as the "DSRA Top Up Amount");
c. thirdly, to pay any applicable tax (e.g. VAT, transfer tax, stamp duty, withholding tax and capital gains tax) ("Tax") charged as a result of such Breagh Disposal, including as a result of any Flowstream Payment;
d. fourthly, to redeem at the same price as under the initial Mandatory Prepayment obligation under (ii) above (which, for the avoidance of doubt includes accrued interest on such redeemed bonds) any additional Outstanding Bonds up to an amount equalling (a) the Mandatory Prepayment amount with the Breagh Redemption Amount calculated by reference to the original amount of Bonds issued (i.e., USD 225 million) instead of by reference to the current Outstanding Bonds, less (b) the Mandatory Prepayment amount already paid pursuant to (ii) above; and
e. finally, any remaining proceeds from a Breagh Disposal shall be transferred to an unrestricted account of the Issuer for use for general corporate purposes.
3
3562180 vl

"Breagh Disposal" means any reduction of the Issuer's ownership (direct or indirect) of any of the Breagh Licences, provided, however, that any reduction from time to time of the Issuer's ownership (direct or indirect, and including by way of a licence relinquishment) of any of Seaward Petroleum Production Licence Nos P.1327, P.1630, P.1741 and P.2133 shall not comprise a Breagh Disposal if:
(i) such disposal (x) does not have a value in excess of USD 5 million and (y) would not cause a Material Adverse Effect, and the Issuer has provided a certificate in writing to the Bond Trustee certifying (x) and (y), and such disposal has been approved by the Bond Trustee; or
(ii) in respect of Seaward Petroleum Production Licence No. 2133 only, the licence reduction occurs by way of a farm-down transaction with consideration through a cany cost arrangement in relation to future exploration or appraisal costs.
"Breagh Licences" means the Issuer's interest from time to time in the licences in respect of the Breagh Area (being Seaward Petroleum Production Licence Nos. P.1230, P. 1327, P.1328, P. 1630, P. 1741 and P.2133).
2.4.2 Cladhan Disposal Upon a Cladhan Disposal:
(i) the Issuer shall immediately redeem outstanding Bonds pursuant to the Mandatory Prepayment provisions in Clause 10.4 of the Bond Agreement subject to such repayment premium as set out therein; and
(ii) the cash proceeds received by the Issuer (including any contingent or deferred payments upon receipt) may be used in satisfaction of the Issuer's obligations under (i) above and, thereafter, shall be applied immediately or when payments are due (as applicable) until exhausted in the following order of priority:
a. firstly, to pay any reasonable advisory fees or other non-tax transaction related payments required to be made (for regulatory purposes or in line with market practice) as a result of such Cladhan Disposal, as well as any applicable Tax charged as a result of such Cladhan Disposal;
b. secondly, to transfer to the Debt Service Retention Account an amount up to the applicable DSRA Top Up Amount; and
c. finally, any remaining proceeds from a Cladhan Disposal shall be transferred to an unrestricted account of the Issuer for use for general corporate purposes.
"Cladhan Disposal" means any reduction of the Issuer's ownership (direct or indirect) in the Cladhan Licence, other than as a result of the Cladhan TAQA Financing Agreements.
"Cladhan Licence" means the Issuer's interest from time to time in the licence in respect of the Cladhan Field (being Seaward Petroleum Production Licence No. P.1064). The Issuer's current ownership interest in this Licence is further described in Clause 8.3 (,Security over Cladhan Assets).
2.4.3 Other Asset Disposal The cash proceeds received upon an Other Asset Disposal (as defined below) (including any contingent or deferred payments upon receipt) shall be applied immediately or when payments are due (as applicable) until exhausted in the following order of priority:
4
3562180 v l

(i)

firstly, to pay any reasonable advisoiy fees or other non-tax transaction related payments

required to be made (for regulatory purposes or in line with market practice) as a result of

such Other Asset Disposal, including for the avoidance of doubt any payment to Gemini

in relation to a termination of the Parent's entitlement agreements related to part of the

offshore Romanian Midia (Block 15) licence or the Breagh Field, respectively (a

"Gemini Payment"), as well as any applicable Tax charged as a result of such Other

Asset Disposal, including as a result of any Gemini Payment;

(ii) secondly, to transfer to the Debt Service Retention Account an amount up to the applicable DSRA Top Up Amount;

(iii) thirdly, make payment of 50% of such remaining proceeds to redeem Bonds at the same price as determined under the Mandatoiy Prepayment provision in Clause 10.4 of the Bond Agreement subject to such repayment premium as set out therein; and

(iv) finally, any remaining proceeds from an Other Asset Disposal shall be transferred to an unrestricted account of the Issuer for use for general corporate purposes.

"Other Asset Disposal" means any disposal by the Parent, the Issuer or any other Group Company of any of its licence interests or other assets, in whole or in part, that is n o t:

(i) a Breagh Disposal;

(ii) a Cladhan Disposal; or

(iii) the disposal of an Excluded Asset;

provided, however, that if the proceeds of the disposal of any Excluded Asset are greater than USD 5 million, the sale of such Excluded Asset shall be considered an Other Asset Disposal for the purposes of this item 2.4.3.

"Excluded Assets" means the following assets:

(i)

in the United Kingdom, licences P1914 (offshore) and PEDL 068 (onshore);

(ii) in the Netherlands, licences E3and FI (both offshore); and

(iii) in France the St Laurent and Donzacq licences (both onshore).

2.4.4 Non-cash Breagh Disposals or non-cash Cladhan Disposals
To the extent a sale and purchase agreement or any agreement with similar economic effect is executed in relation to a Breagh Disposal, Cladhan Disposal or any similar disposal of an economic interest in relation to the Breagh Licences or the Cladhan Licence for a consideration that is fully or partly non-cash or in kind, such Breagh Disposal, Cladhan Disposal or such other disposal shall not be completed unless consented to in writing by the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders). For the avoidance of doubt, (a) such consent would be required in respect any cariy cost arrangement or similar arrangement, other than in relation to Seaward Petroleum Production Licence No. P.2133, and (b) such consent would not be required in respect of any contingent or deferred payment that is paid fully in cash.

5
3562180 vl

2.4.5 Capital Gains Disposal - CGT Account
The Issuer shall to the extent relevant upon a Capital Gains Disposal (as defined below) occurring establish a bank account at DNB Bank ASA or another Account Bank (the "CGT Account") into which funds shall be deposited in such amount, to the extent applicable, as reflects an estimate of tax payable on capital gains (or an equivalent transaction tax), upon any Breagh Disposal, Cladhan Disposal or Other Asset Disposal ("Capital Gains Disposal") as set out in the following, excluding any amount of tax required to be withheld by the purchaser in relation to an Other Asset Disposal in Romania for payment to the relevant tax authority in accordance with Romanian regulations:
(i) Within ten Business Days of the completion of a Capital Gains Disposal, the Issuer shall procure that a bona fide estimate of the applicable tax payable on capital gains by the Parent, the Issuer or any other Group Company is provided to the Bond Trustee, and that the amount reflected in such estimate is subsequently deposited in a timely manner from the proceeds received on the Capital Gains Disposal in the CGT Account.
(ii) The CGT Account shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee and blocked, save that the Issuer may request the Bond Trustee to confirm release of funds therein to the Issuer (e.g. for timely payment of the applicable tax payable on capital gains or release to the Issuer due to any surplus deposit following a tax payment or as result of a revised estimate of the applicable tax payable on capital gains in respect of the relevant Capital Gains Disposal) through a notice in writing to the Bond Trustee describing the purpose of the release. The release shall be subject only to the Issuer submitting with said request a compliance certificate confirming that no Event of Default exists or would occur as a result of such release of funds from the CGT Account. Released funds from the CGT Account to the Issuer shall to the extent applicable be applied in accordance with the provisions set out in items 2.4.1, 2.4.2 or 2.4.3 (as the case may be).
2.5 Additional Security
Additional security shall be established as soon as reasonably possible for the benefit of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Group's Romanian oil & gas licence interests as further described in Schedule B attached hereto (the "Additional Security"). The granting and perfection of the Additional Security and any legal opinion as may be reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in relation to such Additional Security will be conditions subsequent and will thus not be necessary for the implementation and effectiveness of the Proposal, however so that failure to grant and perfect the Additional Security by no later than 31 January 2015 will constitute an Event of Default under the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.
2.6 Negative pledge
The negative pledge provisions in Clause 13.6.8 shall be amended so to apply on same basis to the Parent and the other Group Companies, as currently applicable for the Issuer, including for the avoidance of doubt, exemptions for the Additional Security and the Permitted Security (such term to apply mutatis mutandis for the Parent and the other Group Companies).
2.7 Disposal covenants
Save for (i) such amendments as are necessary to reflect the Proposal and (ii) an amendment to Clause 13.4.7 to include as conditions that any disposal of all or a substantial part of the Licences is carried out at fair market value and without having a Material Adverse Effect, the disposal covenants in Clauses 13.3.6 (Disposal o f business), 13.4.7 (Disposal o fLicences) and 13.6.6 (Disposal o f assets/business) shall remain in full force and effect.
6
3562180 vl

2.8 Legal Review
The Issuer shall:
(a) at its cost, comply with all reasonable documentation and information requests made by, provide necessaiy access to, and otherwise facilitate the work of, such lawyers as are identified by the Bond Trustee in connection with a legal review of the Security Documents and Project Documents to be completed prior to 15 January 2015 (the "Legal Review");
(b) at its cost, use all reasonable endeavours to remedy (if reasonably possible to remedy) promptly and, in any event, prior to 31 January 2015, any findings made in the Legal Review including, without limitation, through amendments to any underlying legal documentation; and
(c) reimburse the professional fees incurred by such lawyers in the Legal Review and subsequent remedy process.
2.9 Financial Adviser
On or after 31 January 2015 and at the cost of the Issuer, the Bondholders shall have the right (through the Bond Trustee following an instruction of Bondholders representing in aggregate more than 50% of the Outstanding Bonds) to appoint a financial adviser to perform a financial review of the business, assets, cash flow and business plan of the Group. Such choice of financial adviser shall be determined solely by the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) with the consent of the Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld and to be granted promptly). The agreed scope and fees of such financial adviser shall be on market terms and otherwise in accordance with market practice.
2.10 New Project Event of Default
An additional Event of Default shall be included as follows:
The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) any breach of any of the material terms of any of the Breagh Licences;
(b) any termination, revocation, cancellation or relinquishment of any of the Breagh Licences;
(c) an abandonment of the Breagh Field; or
(d) any payment breach or other material breach under any Breagh Project Document.
2.11 New Breagh JOA Payments Information Covenant
An additional information covenant shall be included as follows: The Issuer shall (a) promptly notify the Bond Trustee upon any failure to comply with the invoicing and cash call payment provisions of the Breagh Project joint operating agreement (the "Breagh JOA"), and promptly provide to the Bond Trustee (a) upon request, copies of all requested invoices and cash call requests made pursuant to the Breagh JOA and (b) without being requested to do so, any default notices served by the operator under the Breagh JOA.
7
3562180 vl

2.12 New Issuer Share Charge Amendment Covenant
An additional general covenant shall be included as follows: The Issuer shall within 10 Business Days of the Bondholders' Meeting amend the Issuer Share Charge to provide for the provision of signed but undated director resignation letters, together with any related amendments to the Issuer's articles of association and otherwise to facilitate the immediate replacement of directors. 2.13 Amended and Restated Bond Agreement
Save for such amendments as are necessary to reflect the Proposal, the Bond Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
kkk
Implementation of the Proposal is subject to, and will only be effective upon the following having taken place by no later than 22 December 2014:
(i) the Proposal having been duly approved by the necessaiy 2/3 majority of Voting Bonds present at the Bondholders' Meeting, as per Clause 16.3.5 of the Bondholder Agreement;
(ii) the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement (as defined below) having been duly executed by the parties thereto;
(iii) the delivery to it of any legal opinions as may be reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in relation to the entry into of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement; and
(iv) all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer, the Guarantor and relevant Group Companies having been duly made and delivered to the Trustee.
If these conditions are fulfilled, the Proposal will be implemented by way of an amended and restated Bond Agreement being entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer (the "Amended and Restated Bond Agreement"), an amended and restated Guarantee with the Parent, as well as ancillary security and other documentation as required in order to duly document the above amendments and any necessary ancillary amendments.
3. REQUEST FOR WAIVER
The implementation of the Proposal and the timing thereof may cause a need for the Issuer to obtain a waiver from the Bondholders with respect to potential Events of Defaults.
Specifically, the Company proposes the following waiver (the "Waiver"):
During the period commencing on andfrom 30 November 2014 until the earlier o f (i) the date on which the Proposal is duly implemented and (ii) 22 December 2014, the Bondholders hereby waive any right to declare the Bonds to be in default and duefor payment as a consequence o f any breach o f any o f the terms in the following Clauses o f the Bond Agreement, provided that in relation to such waiverfrom the Bondholders, the Issuer waives any right to any additional grace period referred to in Clause 15.1.2 o f the Bond Agreement:
8
3562180 vl

a)

13.4.6 (cl) (payment to Debt Service Retention Account to accruefunds for the

next interestpayment);

b)

13.4.6 (e) (payment to Debt Service Retention Account to accrue funds fo r the

next Instalment); and/or

c)

13.5.1 (Issuer Financial Covenant).

4. AMENDMENT FEE
Provided the Proposal and the Waiver is approved by the Bondholders' Meeting, it is proposed that an amendment fee equal to USD 2.50 million (the "Amendment Fee") is paid by the Issuer to Bondholders on a pro-rata basis through the Securities Depository (with the record date being the close of business in Norway on the date of the Bondholders' Meeting). The Amendment Fee shall be paid by the Issuer promptly upon, and from, the funds released from the Debt Service Retention Account, as per item 2.2 above and, in any event, no event later than 5 business days after the Bondholders' Meeting.

5. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL
In the Issuer's opinion, the Proposal represents a fair proposal to the Bondholders. The Issuer believes that if approved the Proposal should ensure that the Issuer retains sufficient liquidity to continue operations until 30 April 2014 and enable successful execution of asset divestments and/or a refinancing of the Bond by such date.

6. BONDHOLDER SUPPORT
The Issuer has informed the Bond Trustee that Bondholders representing a majority of the outstanding Bonds have given their support to the Proposal and Waiver.

7. NON-RELIANCE
The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall be construed as or constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable and vote accordingly.

8. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

12 December 2014 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VHs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda: 1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of the Proposal:

9
3562180 v l

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolves the following:
"The Bondholder's Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 2 and Waiver as described in section 3 o f the summonsfor the Bondholders 'Meeting.
The Bond Trustee is hereby authorised to complete the negotiation o fform, terms, conditions and timing in relation to the Proposal, without any obligation to notify the Bondholders as provided for in Clause 16.2 o f the Bond Agreement. Further, the Bond Trustee is given power o f attorney to prepare, finalise and enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders ' Meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including but not limited to making appropi-iate amendments to the Bond Agreement and enter into the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement and ancillary documents related thereto, e.g. an amendment and restatement agreement, as well as the additional security documents requiredfor the Additional Security. "
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
Individual Bondholders may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to post@nordictrustee.no, +47 22 87 94 10, or Nordic Trustee ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form is executed, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the beneficial ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) by no later than 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA
io
3562180 vl

SCHEDULE B - ADDITIONAL SECURITY

Additional Security:
"Concession Agreements" "ExxonMobil Transfer Agreement" "Midia Resources"

The below security shall be provided as additional first priority security for the Bonds in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) (the "Additional Security"):
By the Parent:
(i) a mortgage over all (current and future) shares (100%) of Midia Resources, governed by Romanian law;
(ii) a mortgage over the participating interest in the Concession Rights relating to the XIII Pelican and XV Midia blocks governed by Romanian law, such mortgage to be confirmed by the Bond Trustee through a notice in writing to Gemini;
(iii) a pledge over receivables under the ExxonMobil Transfer Agreement governed by the laws of the Province of Alberta;
By Midia Resources:
(iv) an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee governed by the laws of the Province of Alberta; and
(v) a mortgage over the participating interest in the Concession Rights related to the XXV Luceafarul block and the XXVII Muridava block governed by Romanian law.
in each case together with all relevant corporate approvals and supporting legal opinions as to matters of Romanian law and the laws of the Province of Alberta.
means concession agreements for petroleum exploration, development and production of certain blocks in Romania entered into by Midia Resources or the Parent (as the case may be) and the Romanian state.
means the transfer agreement dated 5 October 2012 among ExxonMobil Exploration and Production Romania Limited, OMV Petrom S.A., and Petro Ventures Europe B.V., as the same may be amended, modified, extended, renewed, replaced, restated, or supplemented from time to time.
means Midia Resources Sri., a limited liability company incorporated in Romania registered with the Trade Registry under no. J40/4623/2007 with sole registration number 21288144, wholly owned by the Parent.

n
3562180 vl

