Term Sheet USD 400 million

ISIN: NO 001 0697485 ISIN: NO 001 0697493 (Temporary Bonds)

Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2013/ 2019 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")

Issuer:

Settlement date: Expected to be 10 December 2013 Bluewater Holding B.V., the Netherlands.

Parent Guarantor: Aurelia Energy N.V., Curaçao.

Group:

The Parent Guarantor and all the Parent Guarantor's (directly or indirectly owned) Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company"). The Group structure chart is set out in Schedule 1 hereto.

Vessel Owner:

A Subsidiary of the Issuer who is or becomes the legal owner of any Vessel.

The Vessel Owners as of today are listed in Schedule 2.

Charterers:

A Subsidiary of the Issuer that leases a Vessel to an oil company or other third party not being a member of the Group and may be a Vessel Owner or another Subsidiary that charters the Vessel from another Group Company.
The Charterers as of today are listed in Schedule 2.

Subsidiary Guarantors:

(i) the Vessel Owners, (ii) the Charterers, (iii) Bluewater Services (UK) Limited, (iv) Bluewater Energy Services B.V. and (v) Bluewater (Floating Production) B.V..

Bond Guarantors: Currency:

The Parent Guarantor and the Subsidiary Guarantors. USD

Issue Size:

USD 400 million.

Coupon rate:

10.0% p.a., semi-annual interest payments.

Settlement Date:

Expected to be 10 December 2013. Notice to be given to subscribers minimum two (2) banking days prior to Settlement Date.

Settlement:

The Bonds shall be settled as follows: (i) in cash; and/or

2

(ii) in kind by delivery of Roll-Over Bonds (subject to subscriptions from Existing Bondholders in accordance with the Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over),

to be specified in a separate application form.

Applicants delivering Roll-Over Bonds will receive the accrued interest on the Roll-Over Bonds up until the Settlement Date and a 1% premium, each payable in cash at the Settlement Date.

Bonds issued under item (i) above will be issued with a separate ISIN, which will be the surviving ISIN for the Bond Issue. Bonds issued under item (ii) above will be issued with a temporary ISIN ("Temporary Bonds"). The Temporary Bonds will be merged with the Bonds in connection with disbursement from the Escrow Account to the Issuer. The VPS and the Trustee are authorised to carry out the aforesaid in the best practical way.

Existing Bonds:

The bonds with ISIN NO 001 0378482 issued by the Issuer pursuant to a bond agreement dated 19 July 2007 ("Existing Bond Agreement") entered into between the Issuer (as borrower) and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as bond trustee for the bondholders thereunder (the "Existing Bondholders").

Existing Bondholders' RollOver:

The Existing Bondholders will be offered to participate in the Bond Issue by exchange of their Existing Bonds for Bonds (valued at par value). Accrued interest and premium will be payable as set out under "Settlement".

Roll-Over Bonds:
Bond Escrow Account:

The Existing Bonds which in accordance with the Existing Bondholders' acceptance of the Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over shall be used as payment for the Bonds (in kind).
The Issuer shall prior to issuance of the Bonds establish a blocked VPS escrow account in the name of the Issuer (the "Bond Escrow Account"), to which the Roll-Over Bonds will be credited. The Bond Escrow Account shall be pledged to the Trustee on behalf of the holders of Temporary Bonds under the Bond Escrow Account Pledge.
Before the release from the Bond Escrow Account takes place, all PreDisbursement Conditions Precedents shall be complied with. If, for any reason, such Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedents are not fulfilled, and the Bond Issue is called for repayment, the Issuer shall have the right to repay the Temporary Bonds by delivery to the holders of such bonds, RollOver Bonds (valued at par value). Any accrued but unpaid interest, call premium or other amounts payable under such call for repayment, shall be payable in cash.

3

Bond Escrow Account Pledge:

A first priority pledge over the Bond Escrow Account in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the holders of the Temporary Bonds).

Final Maturity Date:

10 December 2019 (six (6) years after Settlement Date).

Amortization:

The Bonds shall be repaid at Final Maturity Date at 100% of par value.

First Interest Payment Date:

10 June 2014 (six (6) months after Settlement Date).

Last Interest Payment date:

10 December 2019 (six (6) years after Settlement Date).

Interest Payments:

Interest on the Bonds (including the Temporary Bonds) will start to accrue from (and including) the Settlement Date and shall be payable semiannually in arrears on the Interest Payment Date in June and December each year. Day-count fraction for coupon is "30/360", business day convention is "unadjusted" and business day is "Oslo and New York".

Issue Price:

100% of par value.

Nominal value:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 100,000 each. Minimum subscription and allotment amount shall be USD 200,000, and integral multiples of USD 100,000 thereof.

Use of Proceeds:

The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be used for (i) refinancing the Existing Bonds (outstanding USD 360 million) and (ii) for general corporate purposes of the Group.

Status of the Bonds:

The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer, other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

Enforcement and payments etc. under the Bonds may in the circumstances as set out in the Intercreditor Principles (attached hereto as Schedule 3) be subject to certain standstill periods of up to 180 days as set out in Schedule 3.

Bond Security:

The Bonds shall be secured by the Escrow Account Pledge, the Bond Escrow Account Pledge, the Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge (as defined below), and the Bond Guarantees, however so that prior to the Disbursement Date, (i) the Bond Escrow Account Pledge shall secure the holders of the Temporary Bonds only and (ii) the Escrow Account Pledge shall secure the holders of the other Bonds only..

4

Bond Guarantees: The Bond Parent Guarantee and the Bond Subsidiary Guarantees.

The Bond Guarantees will be subject to applicable restrictions under applicable law (if any).

Bond Parent Guarantee:

The guarantee issued by the Parent Guarantor for the obligations of the Issuer under the Bond Finance Documents.

Bond Subsidiary Guarantees:

The guarantees issued by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors for the obligations of the Issuer under the Bond Finance Documents.

Status of the Bond Guarantees:

The Bond Parent Guarantee shall be a senior obligation of the Parent Guarantor, ranking at least pari passu with all other of its senior obligations other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.

Each Bond Subsidiary Guarantee shall be a senior obligation of each relevant Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, ranking at least pari passu with all other of its senior obligations other than the Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantees (as further set out in Priority of Payments under Subsidiary Guarantees) and obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.

Each Bond Guarantee shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

Any demands and payments under the Bond Guarantees shall be subject to and conditional upon the provisions of the Intercreditor Principles, including (but not limited to) certain standstill periods of up to 180 days and repayment of obligations under the relevant Senior Bank Facilities, as applicable, cf. Schedule 3.

Priority of Payments under Subsidiary Guarantees:

The obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor under any Subsidiary Guarantee shall rank in the following order:
(i) firstly, the obligations under any Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantees;

(ii) secondly, the obligations under any Senior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees, any Bond Subsidiary Guarantees and any Junior Original Subsidiary Guarantees pari passu and pro rata between them; and
(iii) thirdly, any Junior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees pari passu and pro rata between them.
The obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor under any Subsidiary Guarantee shall rank ahead of any subordinated debt of such Subsidiary Guarantor.

5

Subsidiary Guarantees:
Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge: Debt Service Reserve Account:
Escrow Account Pledge:
Escrow Account:

The Bond Subsidiary Guarantees, the Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantees, the Senior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees, the Junior Original Subsidiary Guarantees and the Junior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees.
A Norwegian law first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the account bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Debt Service Reserve Account.
Prior to the Disbursement Date the Issuer shall deposit an amount equal to one (1) month of interest on the Bonds (including the Temporary Bonds) into an account in the name of the Issuer with the Paying Agent (the "Debt Service Reserve Account"). Each month thereafter, the Issuer shall deposit an amount equal to one (1) month of interest into the Debt Service Reserve Account until a total amount equal to six (6) months of interest on the Bonds has been deposited into the Debt Service Reserve Account. The Debt Service Reserve Account shall be pledged in favour of the Trustee and blocked under the Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge.
A Norwegian law first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the account bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Escrow Account.
The Issuer shall prior to the Settlement Date establish the Escrow Account in USD and the cash net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred by the Joint Lead Managers to the Escrow Account on the Settlement Date (after deducting fees and expenses). The Escrow Account shall be pledged in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders, always provided that prior to Disbursement Date, as security for the holders of Bonds which are not Temporary Bonds only) and blocked under the Escrow Account Pledge. The amount in the Escrow Account shall only be used and the Issuer shall be entitled to withdraw amounts for use only according to the Use of Proceeds, including paying any fees and costs related to the Bond Issue. The Issuer shall irrevocably and unconditionally instruct the Trustee and the Paying Agent to pay any fees and costs (including legal costs) due and owing related to the Bond Issue as evidenced through invoices from the Joint Lead Managers or the Trustee using the proceeds in the Escrow Account, to the extent such fees and expenses have not been deducted from the proceeds transferred to the Escrow Account.
Before the release from the Escrow Account takes place (other than the payment of fees and expenses as set out above) all the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent (as described below) shall be complied with, or otherwise waived by the Trustee.
The Escrow Account shall be held with the Paying Agent.

6

Issuer's Call Options:

The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (in full or in parts of no less than USD 50 million on a pro rata basis) at any time from and including:
1. the Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling three (3) years after Settlement Date at a price equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 105.0% of par value as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date falling three (3) years after the Settlement Date;
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining interest payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through to and including the Interest Payment Date falling three (3) years after the Settlement Date; and
(c) accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount,
where the present value under both (a) and (b) above shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned interest payment date three (3) years after the Settlement Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;
2. the date falling three (3) years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling four (4) years after the Settlement Date, at a price equal to 105.0% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
3. the date falling four (4) years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling four and a half (4.5) years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 103.33% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
4. the date falling four and a half (4.5) years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling five (5) years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 102.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
5. the date falling five (5) years after the Settlement Date to, but not included, the date falling five and a half (5.5) years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 101.67% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and
6. the date falling five and a half years (5.5) years after the Settlement Date to, but not included, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to

7

100.83% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

Vessels:

Together the FPSOs and the New Units (each a "Vessel").

FPSOs:

Bleo Holm, Aoka Mizu, Glas Dowr, Haewene Brim and Munin (each an "FPSO").

New Units:

Means, other than an FPSO, (i) any new built or second hand floating production storage and offloading vessel, floating storage and offloading vessel, (ii) any other type of vessel/tanker (being a suitable candidate for conversion into a floating production storage and offloading vessel or floating storage and offloading vessel) related to the core business of the Group contracted or delivered (where already contracted or under construction or conversion) or acquired directly or indirectly by a Subsidiary after the Settlement Date, and (iii) any additional Bluewater Tidal Energy Converter.

Bluewater Tidal

Means an open-architecture floating support platform suitable for tidal

Energy Converter: turbines (BlueTEC) by Bluewater.

Senior Bank Facilities:

Each of: 1. the Revolving Credit Facility;

2. the Project Financing Facility;

3. any future senior 1st priority bank facilities from commercial banks or export credit agencies obtained by a Subsidiary of the Issuer and secured by any Vessel other than Glas Dowr and Haewene Brim (which shall always only secure the Project Financing Facility) to finance (a) a New Unit, or (b) any upgrade, repair or lifetime extension related to any Vessel, in each case such financing to be made on the basis of extensions of existing charter contracts or new awarded charter contracts with risk allocations not deviating substantially from industry terms for such charter contracts and in each case so that any such Vessel may only secure one Senior Bank Facility (including by mortgage over the Vessel itself, assignment of the relating charter contracts and pledge over the shares of such Vessel Owner and/or Charterer); and

4. any refinancing, amendments or replacements of any such facility as described in item 3 above, based on market terms at the time of such refinancing and otherwise on terms which are not materially onerous and with no additional security or guarantees permitted compared to those permitted in item 3 above.

Revolving Credit Facility:

Means: (i) the existing revolving credit facility under which the Issuer, Bluewater

8

Project Financing Facility:
Senior Bank Facilities

Energy Services B.V. and Bluewater (Aoka Mizu) N.V. are borrowers from commercial banks led by ING Bank N.V. as facility agent of USD 102.5 million, divided into a term loan facility of USD 52.5 million (where currently USD 17.5 million is outstanding) and a working capital facility of USD 50 million (where currently USD 30 million is outstanding) having its maturity date at the end of January 2014 (the "Existing Revolving Credit Facility"); and
(ii) a fully committed and underwritten amendment and extension of the Existing Revolving Credit Facility beyond the end of January 2014 (the "Amended Revolving Credit Facility") on the terms set out in the term sheet attached hereto as Schedule 4, and any refinancing, amendments or replacements of the Amended Revolving Credit Facility thereafter, however so that (a) the principal amount of any such revolving credit facility at any time shall not exceed USD 150 million and (b) such refinancing, amendments or replacement shall be based on market terms at the time of such refinancing and otherwise on terms which are not materially onerous and with no additional security or guarantees permitted compared to those granted under the original Amended Revolving Credit Facility.
Means:
(i) the USD 415 million 1st priority bank facility for the Haewene Brim and Glas Dowr FPSOs dated 3 May 2013 and provided by a syndicate of international banks led by NIBC as facility agent; and
(ii) any refinancing, amendments or replacements (a "Refinancing") of the Project Financing Facility with any commercial bank(s) provided that:
(a) the principal amount subject to any such Refinancing must not exceed USD 415 million, less the sum of all original applicable amortisation amounts scheduled to be paid on the Project Financing Facility prior to the time of such Refinancing (irrespective of having been paid or not);
(b) any Refinancing shall be subject to no less amortization than the original amortization schedule of the facility (except for any voluntary prepayments and any cash sweep payments, if any); and
(c) such Refinancing shall be based on market terms at the time of such Refinancing and otherwise on terms which are not materially onerous and with no additional security or guarantees permitted compared to those granted under the original Project Financing Facility.
The Senior Parent Guarantees, the Senior Issuer Obligations, the Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantees and the Senior Additional Subsidiary

9

Guarantees:

Guarantees.

Senior Parent Guarantees:

The guarantees issued by the Parent Guarantor for the obligations of the borrower(s) to any Senior Finance Parties under any Senior Bank Facility.

Senior Issuer Obligations:

The obligations (as borrower or guarantor) of the Issuer to any Senior Finance Party under any Senior Bank Facility.

Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantees:

The obligations (as borrower or guarantor under the guarantees issued or to be issued) (i) to the Senior Finance Parties by a Subsidiary Guarantor who is a Vessel Owner and/or a Charterer in respect of a Vessel which is subject to a first priority Vessel mortgage in favour of the said Senior Finance Parties as security under the relevant Senior Finance Documents, and (ii) to the Senior Finance Parties under the Revolving Credit Facility only by any of Bluewater Services (UK) Limited, Bluewater Energy Services B.V. and Bluewater (Floating Production) B.V. in respect of the obligations under the relevant Senior Finance Documents.

Senior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees:

The guarantees to be issued to the Senior Finance Parties by a Subsidiary Guarantor, who has not already provided a Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantee.

Status of the Senior Bank Facilities Guarantees:

Each Senior Bank Facilities Guarantee shall be a senior obligation of the Parent Guarantor, the Issuer or each relevant Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, ranking at least pari passu with all other of its senior obligations other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law and as stated under Priority of Payments under Subsidiary Guarantees above. Each Senior Bank Facilities Guarantee shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

Any demands and payments under the Senior Bank Facilities Guarantees shall be subject to and conditional upon the provisions of the Intercreditor Principles, including (but not limited to), for the Senior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees, certain standstill periods of up to 180 days, cf. Schedule 3.

Limitation of Senior Bank Facilities Guarantees and security:

Any guarantees and security granted (or to be granted) to secure or guarantee the obligations under any Senior Bank Facility shall secure the obligations under such Senior Bank Facility only, save that it may be extended to also secure and guarantee the obligations under:

(i) any derivative transactions related to the Group's hedging (interest or currency) other than derivative transactions entered into for speculative purposes and provided that any such hedging arrangements shall be entered into with the relevant hedging providers also being Senior Finance Parties; and

(ii) any recourse liability incurred by a Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to any Senior Finance Parties in respect of bid or performance bonds, advance payment guarantees and other guarantees or letter of

10

credit issued by such lender(s).

Senior Finance Parties:

The lenders and other finance parties under the Senior Bank Facilities.

Junior Debt Facilities:

Means :
1. Financial Indebtedness obtained by a Subsidiary of the Issuer to finance any upgrades or repair of (i) the Munin FPSO or (ii) any New Unit, in each case on the basis of new awarded charter contracts with risk allocations not deviating substantially from industry terms for such charter contracts; and

2. any refinancing, amendments or replacements of any such Financial Indebtedness as described in item 1 above, based on market terms at the time of such refinancing and otherwise on terms which are not materially onerous compared to the facility being refinanced, amended or replaced.

Junior Debt Security:

Any Junior Debt Facility may only be secured by:
(i) a second priority mortgage over the Munin FPSO or the relevant New Unit to which the financed upgrade or repair relates (including in each case any assignment of insurance and charter receivables or similar security in respect of such Vessel); and

(ii) the Junior Facilities Guarantees.

Junior Facilities Guarantees:

The Junior Parent Guarantees, Junior Original Subsidiary Guarantees and the Junior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees.

Junior Parent Guarantees:

The guarantees issued by the Parent Guarantor for the obligations of the borrower(s) to the Junior Finance Parties under any Junior Debt Facility.

Junior Original Subsidiary Guarantees

Any obligations (as borrower or guarantor under the guarantees issued to the Junior Finance Parties) by a Subsidiary Guarantor who is a Vessel Owner and/or a Charterer of a Vessel which is subject to a second priority vessel mortgage securing the relevant Junior Debt Facility relating to that particular Vessel.

Junior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees:

Any guarantees to be issued to the Junior Finance Parties by a Subsidiary Guarantor, who has not already provided a Junior Original Subsidiary Guarantee.

Status of the Junior Facilities Guarantees:

Each Junior Facilities Guarantee shall be a senior obligation of the Parent Guarantor or each relevant Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, ranking at least pari passu with all other of its senior obligations other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and as stated under Priority of

11

Payments under Subsidiary Guarantees above.

Any demands and payments under the Junior Facilities Guarantees shall be subject to and conditional upon the provisions of the Intercreditor Principles, including certain standstill periods of up to 180 days and repayment of obligations under the relevant Senior Bank Facilities, as applicable, cf. Schedule 3.

Limitation of Junior Facilities Guarantees and Junior Debt Security:

Any Junior Facilities Guarantees and any Junior Debt Security granted (or to be granted) to secure or guarantee the obligations under any Junior Debt Facility shall only secure (i) the obligations under that relevant Junior Debt Facility and (ii) any hedging instrument taken out in respect of that relevant Junior Debt Facility and not entered into for speculative purposes and provided that any such hedging arrangements shall be entered into with the relevant hedging providers also being Junior Finance Parties and/or Senior Finance Parties.

Junior Finance Parties:

Means the lenders and other finance parties under the Junior Debt Facilities.

Intercreditor Principles:

Means the intercreditor principles and matters set out in Schedule 3 hereto.

Intercreditor Deed:

The Issuer, the Parent Guarantor, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee shall enter into an English law Intercreditor Deed with the agents/lenders under any Senior Bank Facility and any Junior Debt Facility regulating, inter alia, the issues set out in Schedule 3 hereto.

The entering by a member of the Group into any future Senior Bank Facility or Junior Debt Facility is subject to the accession to the Intercreditor Deed by all parties thereunder.

Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent:

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bond Issue from the Joint Lead Managers to the Escrow Account will be subject to certain conditions precedent customary for these types of transactions, including (but not limited to):

(i) confirmation from the Issuer that no event has occurred and is continuing which constitutes an Event of Default or an anticipated Event of Default;

(ii) the Bond Agreement having been duly executed;

(iii) the Bond Guarantees having been duly executed;

(iv) the Debt Service Reserve Account having been opened and the Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge having been duly established and

12
perfected (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the account bank);
(v) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of (a) the Issuer to, inter alia, issue the Bonds and to enter into and perform its obligations under each of the Bond Finance Documents to which it is a party and (b) each of the Bond Guarantors to enter into and perform its obligations under the Bond Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(vi) a power of attorney from the Issuer and the Bond Guarantors to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Bond Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Bond Finance Documents on behalf of each such party;
(vii) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer and the Bond Guarantors, evidencing that each of them is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association (or similar) of the Issuer and the Bond Guarantors;
(viii)to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue or the entry into of any of the Bond Finance Documents;
(ix) an agreement between the Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees duly executed;
(x) the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Escrow Account bank);
(xi) the Bond Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed and perfected by all parties (including all applicable notices and registration with the VPS); and
(xii) legal opinions:
(a) from law firms in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer in respect of inter alia corporate authority, due execution, legal, valid and binding obligations, good standing, no breach of law and no insolvency of the Issuer in respect of the Bond Agreement, the Bond Escrow Account Pledge, the Escrow Account Pledge and the Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge; and
(b) from relevant local law firms regarding legal validity, enforceability and perfection of the Escrow Account Pledge, the Bond Escrow Account Pledge and the Debt Service Account Pledge;
having been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee.

13

The Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out above.

Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent:

Release from the Escrow Account for the purposes described under Use of Proceeds above and redemption and discharge of the Roll-Over Bonds at the Bonds Escrow Account, will be subject to customary closing mechanisms as agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee and the satisfaction of relevant conditions precedent including (but not limited to) as set out below prior to or on the disbursement date the ("Disbursement Date").

Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent:

(i) a copy of a duly signed unconditional and irrevocable call notice for the prepayment of the Existing Bond Loan such prepayment to take place no later than on the Disbursement Date;

(ii) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer (including a statement regarding use of funds in accordance with the Use of Proceeds and confirmation of no Event of Default or anticipated Event of Default);

(iii) satisfactory documentation evidencing the Debt Service Reserve Account being funded with an amount no less than one month of interest on the Bonds (including the Temporary Bonds);

(iv) the Intercreditor Deed having been duly executed;

(v) the Existing Bonds being called for payment pursuant to the Issuer´s call option in the Existing Bond Agreement;

(vi) the redemption and discharge of the Roll-Over Bonds on the Bond Escrow Account;

(vii) any other Bond Finance Documents (unless delivered Pre-Settlement and to the extent applicable) are in acceptable form and duly executed; and

(viii) legal opinions:

(a) from the jurisdiction of incorporation of each of the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor and the Subsidiary Guarantors in respect of inter alia corporate authority, due execution, legal, valid and binding obligations, good standing, no breach of law and no insolvency of each of the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor and the Subsidiary Guarantors and in relation to each Bond Finance Document; and

14

Representations and Warranties:
Information Covenants:

(b) from relevant local law firms regarding legal validity and enforceability in respect of the Bond Finance Documents and regarding perfection of all Bond Security;
having been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee.
The Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of certain conditions precedent at its sole discretion.
Notwithstanding the above, the Trustee shall be authorised to pay any fees and expenses (including legal costs) due and owing related to the Bond Issue as evidenced through invoice from Joint Lead Managers using the proceeds in the Escrow Account, to the extent such fees and expenses have not been deducted from the proceeds transferred to the Escrow Account.
Customary representation and warranties in accordance with the current standards of the Trustee to be provided by the Issuer and the Bond Guarantors.
The Issuer shall:
(i) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand is reasonably likely to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(ii) without being requested to do so, inform the Trustee in writing if the Issuer or the Bond Guarantors, agree to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(iii) at the request of the Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;
(iv) without being requested to do so, send the Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer and the Bond Guarantors, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(v) after the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Trustee of its notices to the exchange;
(vi) without being requested to do so, inform the Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the VPS; and
(vii) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's or the Bond Guarantors' business, assets and financial condition as the

15

General Undertakings:

Trustee may reasonably request.
The Issuer and the Parent Guarantor shall each, and on its own accord, make financial reports (unaudited quarterly and audited annually, in both cases on a consolidated basis with respect to the Parent Guarantor and audited annually and unaudited semi-annually, in both cases on a consolidated basis with respect to the Issuer, in each case written in English) available to the Trustee and on the Issuer's and the Parent Guarantor's respective web pages for public distribution not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period (each a "Reporting Date"). Such reports shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS and to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and explanatory notes relating to the financial results and operations of the Group in the relevant period.
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with inter alia the following general undertakings:
a. Dividend Restrictions: The Issuer shall ensure that (1) the Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer and any cash payment (interest or amortizations) under intercompany loans from shareholders) or other distributions or transactions until 2016, and (2) none of its Subsidiaries shall (a) grant any loans to the Issuer's (direct or indirect) shareholders or (b) serve any loans (interest payments or instalments/repayments) from the Issuer's (direct or indirect) shareholders until 2016. In 2016, the said restrictions are lifted and any such transactions shall be permitted (including for dividend payment in 2016 based on the audited annual accounts for the financial year 2015) provided always that the aggregated transfer of value from the Issuer and its Subsidiaries to the Issuer's (direct and indirect) shareholders ("Dividend Distributions") shall not exceed the lesser of (i) 25% of the consolidated net profit after taxes per financial year for the Group, based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year and (ii) USD 15 million.
Any un-utilized portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above in 2016 (on the basis of the annual accounts for 2015) and onwards may be carried forward to any subsequent financial year.
Notwithstanding the above, in any year the Issuer may pay to the Parent Guarantor a fee for services rendered as invoiced, up to an amount of USD 0.5 million.
b. Mergers: The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization

16
involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of such Group Company with any other company or entity if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
c. De-mergers: The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting such Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
d. Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company ceases to carry out its business if such cessation would have a Material Adverse Effect. Further, the Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in the Bond Agreement.
e. Disposal of business: The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions and such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
f. Negative pledge: Neither the Issuer nor the Parent Guarantor shall, and they shall ensure that no Group Company shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance over any of its present or future respective assets (including, but not limited to, the shares in the Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the encumbrances granted to secure any of the following:
(i) the Senior Bank Facilities;
(ii) the Junior Debt Facilities;
(iii) any derivative hedging related to the Group's hedging policy other than any hedging arrangements entered into for speculative purposes, entered into with any of the Senior Finance Parties or any of the Junior Finance Parties;
(iv) obligations incurred by a Subsidiary of the Issuer towards its trade creditors (inter alia suppliers, shipyards and other counter parties) in the ordinary course of business and as part of the normal operations of such Subsidiary;
(v) any recourse liability incurred by a Subsidiary of the Issuer in the ordinary course of business to any financial institution in respect of bid or performance bonds, advance payment guarantees and

17
other guarantees or letter of credit issued by such financial institution;
(vi) any netting arrangements (permitting the netting of balances credited or debited to certain accounts with the account bank under the Revolving Credit Facility);
(vii) any lien arising by operation of law; and
(viii) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (i) through (vii) above) that in total do not exceed USD 20 million.
g. Financial Indebtedness restriction: Neither the Issuer nor the Parent Guarantor shall, and they shall procure that no Group Company shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (including guarantees), other than;
(i) the Senior Bank Facilities (and the guarantees hereunder as permitted in this Term Sheet);
(ii) the Junior Debt Facilities (and the guarantees hereunder as permitted in this Term Sheet);
(iii) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Finance Documents;
(iv) any bid or performance bonds, advance payment guarantees and other guarantees granted by a Group Company in respect of a Permitted Joint Venture or Subsidiary to the extent such guarantee or bonds are provided in the ordinary course of business and provided that, in respect of any Permitted Joint Venture, all such guarantees or bonds are provided on a pro-rata basis between the joint venture participants;
(v) any subordinated inter-company loans within the Group;
(vi) obligations under any derivative transactions related to the Group's hedging other than any hedging arrangements entered into for speculative purposes;
(vii) obligations incurred by a Group Company towards its trade creditors (inter alia suppliers, shipyards and other counter parties) in the ordinary course of business and as part of the normal operations of such Group Company;
(viii) any recourse liability incurred by a Subsidiary of the Issuer in the ordinary course of business to any financial institution in respect of bid or performance bonds, advance payment guarantees and

18
other guarantees or letter of credit issued by such financial institution;
(ix) any Financial Support permitted pursuant to paragraph h.(Financial Support restrictions) below;
(x) any netting arrangements (permitting the netting of balances credited or debited to certain accounts with the account bank under the Revolving Credit Facility); and
(xi) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (i) through (x) above) that in total do not exceed USD 20 million.
h. Financial Support restrictions: Neither the Issuer nor the Parent Guarantor shall, and they shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, grant any loans, give any guarantees or otherwise voluntarily assume any financial liability (whether actual or contingent) ("Financial Support"), to or for the benefit of any party, other than any Financial Support made, granted or given in relation to what is permitted under g) (Financial indebtedness restriction), (i) ­ (viii) and (xi) above.
i. Corporate status. The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation without the prior written consent of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.
j. Subsidiary distribution: The Issuer shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, other than such restrictions included in any of (i) the Senior Bank Facilities or (ii) the Junior Debt Facilities, nevertheless the Issuer shall at all times, regardless of any such restrictions, ensure that the Subsidiaries have sufficient distribution capacity (including any amount freely available for drawing under the Revolving Credit Facility) to service the Bond Issue and any other debt obligations of the Issuer.
k. Arm's length transaction: The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which may be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
l. Vessel covenants. Standard covenants, applicable to the Vessels, inter

19

alia, maintenance of class, Vessels to be kept in good and safe condition and repair in accordance with prudent ownership and industry standards and operation of the Vessels to be in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

m. Insurance. The Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors shall maintain, or ensure, that the Vessels are adequately insured against hull and machinery risks and war risk and covered by a third party liability insurance as per industry standard, as well as any additional insurance required under any law where the Vessels are, or contracted to be, operated.

n. Compliance with laws. The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall procure that each Group Company and the Parent Guarantor, perform its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

Permitted Joint Venture:

Means a joint venture engaged in a business substantially the same as that carried on by the Group in respect of the Munin FPSO, any New Unit or any Bluewater Tidal Energy Converter and which is not (directly or indirectly) a Subsidiary of the Issuer.

Change of flag and ownership:

Each Subsidiary Guarantor may re-domicile to the Netherlands and may change the flag of its Vessel to the flag of the Netherlands, as set out in Schedule 2.

Upon a re-domiciliation, the new Vessel owning entity shall assume all the rights and obligations of the former Vessel Owner under the Bond Finance Documents and execute such documentation as the Trustee shall reasonably require in order to implement the foregoing condition as well as procure for the delivery to the Trustee of such documentation and legal opinions as reasonably required by the Trustee (it being understood that such legal opinions shall be materially equivalent to those being given in respect of the settlement of the Bond Issue).

Any other re-domiciliation of any Subsidiary Guarantor or Parent Guarantor and/or any change of flag is permitted, provided it is satisfactory evidenced to the Trustee that such change will have no Material Adverse Effect and the delivery to the Trustee of such documentation and legal opinions as the Trustee reasonably requires.

Financial Covenants:

The Parent Guarantor and the Issuer each undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants.

a) Liquidity: The Issuer shall maintain minimum Liquidity of USD 25 million; and

20

Definitions:

b) Leverage Ratio: The Issuer and the Parent Guarantor shall ensure that the Group maintains a Leverage Ratio (on a 12 months trailing basis) equal to or lower than 4.50:1 to and including 31 December 2013, 4.25:1, from and including 1 January 2014 to and including 31 December 2014, 4.00:1, from and including 1 January 2015 to and including 31 December 2015 and 3.75:1, from and including 1 January 2016 and thereafter, provided that, when calculating compliance with this covenant, interest bearing debt and EBITDA related to any New Unit shall only be included in the calculation of the Leverage Ratio from the end of the first full financial quarter following contract start-up of such New Unit, after which date (and for the following nine (9) months) EBITDA shall be annualized (meaning that for a New Unit the first full financial quarter since contract start up shall be annualized by multiplying such EBITDA by 4x, while the first two full financial quarters shall be annualized by a multiple of 2x and so forth). If a Vessel is sold or divested, the EBITDA shall be adjusted in-line with principles outlined above, hence not being included in the calculation.
Any Financial Indebtedness in relation to any conversion/upgrading of the FPSO Munin and any EBITDA related to a new charter contract of the FPSO Munin shall be excluded from the calculation of Leverage Ratio from the time the FPSO Munin is awarded such a new charter contract and at all times thereafter.
If any Vessel needs to undertake life time extension or capex upgrades against new charter contracts it shall be regarded as a New Unit in the calculation of the Leverage Ratio.
The Leverage Ratio shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group during the term of the Bond Issue.
The Parent Guarantor and Issuer undertake to comply with the above Financial Covenants at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date and certified by the Parent Guarantor and the Issuer with each annual financial statement and quarterly financial statement.
"Leverage Ratio" to be calculated as the ratio of Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA, with the adjustments set forth above.
"EBITDA" means, for any Relevant Period (on a consolidated basis for the Group), earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization.
"Interest Bearing Debt" means at the date of calculation (on a consolidated basis for the Group), all interest bearing debt in accordance with IFRS.
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards
"Liquidity "means, at any given time, the aggregate book value of:

21
(i) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an acceptable bank;
(ii) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an acceptable bank;
(iii) any amount at all times available for drawdown under any working capital facility with an acceptable bank, but excluding credit lines which are not renewed at least 3 months before maturity, however so that this time limit for renewal shall not apply to the extension amendment and of the Existing Revolving Credit Facility for as long as it is renewed by the entering into of the Amended Revolving Credit Facility latest by its maturity at the end of January 2014;
in each case to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at that time and to which the Issuer has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any encumbrance. For the avoidance of doubt, any cash standing to the credit of the Issuer at the Debt Service Reserve Account shall not be included in the calculation. An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is:
(a) a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has credit rating of minimum "A3/A-" from Standard & Poor's or Moody's or a comparable rating from a nationally recognized credit ranking agency for its long-term debt obligations; or
(b) a bank or financial institution which is authorized to carry on banking business in Norway.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) months ending on a Quarter Date.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed; (b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility
or dematerialized equivalent; (c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue
of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; (d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase
contract which would, in accordance with IFRS, be treated as finance or capital lease; (e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

22

(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.

Material Adverse Effect:

Means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) any of the Issuer's, the Parent Guarantor's or any Subsidiary Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Finance Documents to which any of them is a party, or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Bond Finance Documents.

Event of Default:

The Bond Agreement shall include standard remedy, threshold and event of default provisions, including remedy periods and cross default provisions in respect of Financial Indebtedness of any Obligor with a threshold of USD 10,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies).

Change of Control clause:

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 days following the notice of a Change of Control Event.

Change of Control Event:

Means if less than seventy per cent. (70%) of the shares in the Parent Guarantor or less than seventy per cent. (70%) of the shares in the Issuer is effectively ultimately owned (directly or indirectly) by the Hugo Heerema family (being Hugo Heerema and his direct descendants) or related trust arrangements.

Approvals:

The Bonds have been issued in accordance with the Issuer's Board approval dated [].

Bond Finance Documents:

Means: (i) the Bond Agreement;

23

(ii) the Escrow Account Pledge; (iii) the Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge; (iv) the Bond Escrow Account Pledge; (v) the Bond Parent Guarantee; (vi) the Bond Subsidiary Guarantees; (vii) the Trustee's fee letter; (viii) the Intercreditor Deed; and (ix) any other document designated as such by the Issuer and the
Trustee in relation to any Bond Finance Document.

Issuer's ownership The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at

of bonds:

the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Joint Lead Managers:
Trustee: Governing Law: Registration: Paying Agent: Taxation:
Bond Agreement:

DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, NO-0191 Oslo, Norway; and
Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, NO-0116 Oslo, Norway
Norwegian law for the Bond Agreement and the Guarantees.
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.
DNB Bank ASA.
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law, subject to standard gross-up and gross-up call provisions.
The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the Bondholders' representative. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.
Each subscriber in the Bonds, such subscription documented by an application form, a taped telephone conversation, e-mail or otherwise, is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur.
Each subscriber in the Bonds either through the application form (if applied) or documented as otherwise specified in the foregoing, specifically

24

authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective Bondholders. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.

Listing:

An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on the Nordic Alternative Bond Market.

Market making:

No market-maker agreement has been made for this Issue.

Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Stock Exchange, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

Eligible purchasers:

The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the application form that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

Subject to:

The issuance of Bonds shall be subject to approval of the loan documentation by the Issuer and the Trustee.

25

27 November 2013
Bluewater Holding B.V. As Issuer

DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets as Joint Lead Manager

Pareto Securities AS as Joint Lead Manager

26

Schedule 1

GROUP STRUCTURE CHART

Issuer
Parent Guarantor. Subsidiary Guarantor

Aurelia Energy NV
99%
Bluewater Offshore Production Systems Ltd
(Aurelia Holding NV holds 1 share)
100% Bluewater Holding BV
100%

Bluewater Floating Production B.V.

Bluewater Terminal Systems NV

Bluewater Energy Services B.V.

Bluewater International BV

Bluewater (Aoka Mizu) BV6
Bluewater (Bleo Holm) BV6
Bluewater (Glas Dowr) BV6
Bluewater (Haewene Brim) BV6
Bluewater (Munin) BV6

Bluewater (Aoka Mizu) NV5
Bluewater (Bleo Holm) NV5
Bluewater (Glas Dowr) NV5
Bluewater (Haewene Brim) NV5
Bluewater (Munin) NV5
Bluewater Offshore Production Systems
NV
Bluewater Manning Services Ltd
Bluewater Technical Support NV

Bluewater Energy Services (Malaysia)
Sdn BHD1
Bluewater China Offshore Equipment Production Co. Ltd

1 Bluewater Energy Services B.V. holds 49% of share capital 2 Bluewater Holding BV holds 1 share 3 Bluewater International B.V. holds 49% of share capital 4 Bluewater International B.V. holds 1 share 5 Current Vessel Owners 6 Future Vessel Owners (re-domiciliation process ongoing, expected completed in 2014)

Bluewater Offshore Production Systems
(USA) Inc
Lufeng Development Company ANS2
Bluewater Norway ANS2
Bluewater Offshore Production Systems
Nigeria Ltd2
Bluewater Oil & Gas Investments Ltd2
Bluewater Services International Private
Ltd
Bluewater International Holdings BV2
Bluewater Tidal Energy Ltd
Bluemar Lda3
Bluewater Australia Pty Ltd
Bluewater (Dili) Sociedade
Unipessoal, Lda

Bluewater Services (UK) Ltd
Bluewater Operations (UK) Ltd
Bluewater (Floating Production) Ltd
Bluewater (UK) Ltd
Pierce Production Company Ltd
Bluewater Ettrick Production (UK) Ltd

Supernova Energy BV
Supernova Ireland Resources BV

Bluewater Energy Contractors BV
Bluewater do Brasil Serviços de Energia
Ltda.4

27

Schedule 2
SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS BEFORE AND AFTER RE-DOMILICIATION IN RELATION TO THE BOND SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE

VESSELS
AOKA MIZU BLEO HOLM

CURRENT VESSEL OWNERS AND SUBSIDIARY GUARANTOR

NEW VESSEL OWNERS AND SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS *

CURRENT CHARTERERS AND SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS

Bluewater (Aoka Mizu) N.V.

Bluewater (Aoka Mizu) B.V.

Bluewater Ettrick Production (UK) Ltd,

Bluewater (Bleo Holm) N.V.

Bluewater (Bleo Holm) B.V.

Bluewater (Floating Production) Ltd

OTHER SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS

GLAS DOWR

Bluewater (Glas Dowr) N.V.

Bluewater (Glas Dowr) B.V.

Bluewater (Glas Dowr) N.V.**

HAEWENE BRIM

Bluewater

Bluewater

Pierce Production

(Haewene Brim) N.V. (Haewene Brim) B.V. Company Ltd

MUNIN

Bluewater

Bluewater

(Munin) N.V.

(Munin) B.V.

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

Bluewater (Floating Production) B.V.
Bluewater Energy Services B.V.
Bluewater Services (UK) Ltd

*New Vessel Owner after re- domiciliation of the Vessel owning Subsidiaries and the Vessels from Curaçao to the Netherlands. ** New Charterer will be Bluewater (Glas Dowr) B.V. after re-domiciliation of the Vessel.

28

Schedule 3
BLUEWATER HOLDING B.V. INTERCREDITOR PRINCIPLES
Below is a summary of the main terms and conditions for the intercreditor deed (the "Intercreditor Agreement") to be entered into between, inter alia, the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Trustee, the Senior Finance Parties and the Junior Finance Parties (all terms as defined below) in respect of the obligations under the Bond Loan, the Senior Bank Facilities and the Junior Bank Facilities (all terms as defined below).

Parties: Definitions:

Inter alia, the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Trustee, the Senior Finance Parties and the Junior Finance Parties.
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this document shall have meaning ascribed to them in the Term Sheet (as defined below) unless otherwise defined herein. In addition:
"Bankruptcy Event" means, in relation to a person, that the person or a creditor has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation, or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof.
"Bondholders" mean the bondholders under the Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means the bond agreement to be entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) for the bond issue by the Issuer as further described in the Term Sheet.
"Bond Finance Documents" means the Bond Agreement, the Bond Security Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other document defined as a "Bond Finance Document" in the Bond Agreement.
"Bond Loan" means the bond loan and any other amount outstanding under the Bond Agreement from time to time.
"Bond Parent Guarantee" means the guarantee issued by the Parent Guarantor for the obligations of the Issuer under the Bond Finance Documents.
"Bond Subsidiary Guarantees" means the guarantees issued by the Subsidiary Guarantors for the obligations of the Issuer under the Bond Finance Documents.
"Charterer" means a Subsidiary of the Issuer that leases a Vessel to an oil company or other third party not being a member of the Group and is a Vessel Owner or charters the Vessel from another Group Company.

29
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event of default (however described) which gives rise to the right to accelerate under a Bond Finance Document, a Senior Finance Document or a Junior Finance Document.
"Field Operator" means an oil company or other third party not being a member of the Group that leases a Vessel.
"Issuer" means Bluewater Holding B.V.
"Junior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees" means the guarantees issued to the Junior Finance Parties by a Subsidiary Guarantor under the relevant Junior Finance Documents who has not already provided a Junior Original Subsidiary Guarantee.
"Junior Agents" means the agents and or security trustees under Junior Finance Documents.
"Junior Debt Facilities" shall have the same meaning as set out in the Term Sheet.
"Junior Finance Documents" means any finance document under any of the Junior Debt Facilities and any hedging document in relation thereto with the Junior Finance Parties or Senior Finance Parties.
"Junior Finance Parties" means any finance parties, including hedging providers, under any Junior Finance Document.
"Junior Original Subsidiary Guarantees" means the guarantees issued to the Junior Finance Parties by a Subsidiary Guarantor who is a Vessel Owner and/or a Charterer of a Vessel which is subject to a second priority Vessel Mortgage securing the relevant Junior Finance Document relating to that particular Vessel.
"Junior Parent Guarantees" means the guarantees issued by the Parent Guarantor for the obligations of the borrower(s) to the Junior Finance Parties under any Junior Finance Documents.
"New Subsidiary Guarantees" means each of (i) the Senior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees, (ii) the Bond Subsidiary Guarantees, (iii) the Junior Original Subsidiary Guarantees and (iv) the Junior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees.
"Obligors" means the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor and the Subsidiary Guarantors.
"Parent Guarantor" means Aurelia Energy N.V.
"PFF Agreement" means the credit facility agreement dated 3 May 2013 in respect of the Project Finance Facility.
"PFF Finance Parties" means the Finance Parties (including hedging providers) as defined in the PFF Agreement.

30
"RCF Agreement" means the credit facility agreement dated 29 June 2006 (as amended and restated and to be amended and restated as set out in the Term Sheet) in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility.
"RCF Finance Parties" means the Finance Parties (including hedging providers) as defined in the RCF Agreement.
"Senior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees" means the guarantees to be issued to the Senior Finance Parties by a Subsidiary Guarantor who has not already provided a Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantee.
"Senior Agents" means the facility agents and security trustees and/or agents under the Senior Bank Facilities.
"Senior Bank Facilities Agreement" means the RCF Agreement, the PFF Agreement and any other facilities agreement for a Senior Bank Facility.
"Senior Finance Parties" means the RCF Finance Parties, the PFF Finance Parties and any finance parties (including hedging providers) under any other Senior Bank Facility.
"Senior Finance Documents" means any finance document under any of the Senior Bank Facilities and any hedging document in relation thereto with the Senior Finance Parties.
"Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantees" means the guarantees issued or to be issued to (i) the Senior Finance Parties by a Subsidiary Guarantor who is a Vessel Owner and/or a Charterer in respect of a Vessel which is subject to a first priority Vessel mortgage in favour of the said Senior Finance Parties as security under the relevant Senior Finance Documents, and (ii) the Senior Finance Parties under the Revolving Credit Facility by the Support Companies in respect of the obligations under the relevant Senior Finance Documents.
"Senior Parent Guarantees" means the guarantees issued by the Parent Guarantor for the obligations of the borrower(s) to any Senior Finance Parties under any Senior Finance Documents.
"Senior Issuer Obligations" means the obligations (as borrower or guarantor) of the Issuer to any Senior Finance Party under any Senior Finance Document.
"Subsidiary Guarantee" means each of (i) the Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantees, (ii) the Senior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees, (iii) the Bond Subsidiary Guarantees, (iv) the Junior Original Subsidiary Guarantees and (v) the Junior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees.
"Subsidiary Guarantors" means (i) the Vessel Owners, (ii) the Charterers and (iii) the Support Companies.
"Support Companies" means Bluewater Services (UK) Limited, Bluewater Energy Services B.V. and Bluewater (Floating Production) B.V.
"Term Sheet" means the term sheet dated 27 November 2013, in respect of the

31

Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2013/2019 with ISIN No. 001 0697485 under which the Issuer shall act as issuer, to which these intercreditor principles are enclosed as schedule 3.
"Trustee" means the bond trustee under the Bond Loan.
"Vessel Contract" means a contract for the chartering or leasing of a Vessel to a Field Operator.
"Vessel Mortgage" means a first or second priority ship mortgage deed over a Vessel (as the case may be) in favour of any of the Senior Finance Parties or the Junior Finance Parties (as the case may be).
"Vessel Owner" means a Subsidiary who is or becomes the legal owner of any Vessel from time to time.

Guarantees and securities for the obligations under the Bond Agreement:

BOND SECURITY DOCUMENTS The obligations under the Bond Finance Documents shall be secured and guaranteed by:
(1) the Bond Parent Guarantee;

(2) the Bond Subsidiary Guarantees;

(3) the Escrow Account Pledge;

(4) the Bond Escrow Account Pledge; and

(5) the Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge,

Limitation of Bond Security Documents:

together referred to as the "Bond Security Documents".
The Bond Security Documents shall not, without the prior written consent of the Senior Agents, the Trustee and the Issuer, be applied as security for any other obligations than the obligations under the Bond Finance Documents.

Guarantees and securities for the obligations under the Senior Bank Facilities:

SENIOR BANK SECURITY DOCUMENTS The obligations under the Senior Finance Documents shall be secured and guaranteed:
(1) in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, [as in the current Revolving Credit Facility, as amended in relation to the Bond Issue];

(2) in respect of the Project Finance Facility, [as in the current Project Finance Facility, as amended in relation to the Bond Issue]; and

(3) in respect of other Senior Bank Facility, [as set out in the respective

32

Limitation of the Senior Security Documents:

Senior Bank Facility],
together referred to as the "Senior Security Documents".
Any Senior Security Document granted (or to be granted) to secure or guarantee the obligations under any Senior Bank Facility shall secure the obligations under such Senior Bank Facility only, save that it may be extended to also secure and guarantee the obligations under:
(1) any derivative transactions related to the Group's hedging (interest or currency) other than derivative transactions entered into for speculative purposes and provided that any such hedging arrangements shall be entered into with the relevant hedging providers also being Senior Finance Parties; and
(2) any recourse liability incurred by a Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to any Senior Finance Parties in respect of bid or performance bonds, advance payment guarantees and other guarantees or letter of credit issued by such lender(s).

Guarantees and securities for the obligations under the Junior Debt Facilities:

JUNIOR BANK SECURITY DOCUMENTS The obligations under any Junior Finance Documents may only be secured by:
(1) a second priority mortgage over the Munin FPSO or the relevant New Unit to which the financed upgrade or repair relates (including in each case any assignment of insurance and charter receivables or similar security in respect of such Vessel); and

(2) the Junior Facilities Guarantees,

together referred to as the "Junior Security Documents".

Limitation of the Junior Security Documents:

Any Junior Security Document granted (or to be granted) to secure or guarantee the obligations under any Junior Debt Facility shall only secure (i) the obligations under that relevant Junior Debt Facility and (ii) any hedging instrument taken out in respect of that relevant Junior Debt Facility and not for speculative purposes and provided that any such hedging arrangements shall be entered into with the relevant hedging providers also being Junior Finance Parties and/or Senior Finance Parties.

The Senior Issuer Obligations and the Bond Agreement:

RANKING ­ Obligations of the Issuer The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Issuer Obligations and the Bond Finance Documents shall be senior obligations of the Issuer and shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.
The obligation of the Issuer under the Senior Issuer Obligations and the Bond Finance Documents shall rank ahead of any subordinated debt of the Issuer.

33

The Senior Parent Guarantees, the Bond Parent Guarantee and the Junior Parent Guarantees:

RANKING ­ Obligations of the Parent Guarantor
The obligations of the Parent Guarantor under the Senior Parent Guarantees, the Bond Parent Guarantee and the Junior Parent Guarantees shall be senior obligations of the Parent Guarantor and shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Parent Guarantor, other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and shall rank ahead of any subordinated debt of the Parent Guarantor.

The obligations of the Parent Guarantor under each of the Senior Parent Guarantees, the Bond Parent Guarantee and the Junior Parent Guarantees shall be unconditional obligations of the Parent Guarantor. Any claim, demand or enforcement action thereunder, shall be subject to the restrictions and limitations as set out in this Agreement.

The Subsidiary Guarantees:

RANKING ­ Obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantors The obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor under any Subsidiary Guarantee shall be senior obligations of each such Subsidiary Guarantor, and shall, other than as set out below, rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor, other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.
The obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor under any Subsidiary Guarantees shall rank in the following order:
(i) firstly, the obligations under any Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantees;
(ii) secondly, the obligations under any Senior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees, any Bond Subsidiary Guarantees and any Junior Original Subsidiary Guarantees pari passu and pro rata between them; and
(iii) thirdly, any Junior Additional Subsidiary Guarantees pari passu and pro rata between them.
The obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor under any Subsidiary Guarantee shall rank ahead of any subordinated debt of such Subsidiary Guarantor. The obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor under each of the Subsidiary Guarantees shall be unconditional obligations of the relevant Subsidiary Guarantor. Any claim, demand or enforcement action thereunder, shall be subject to the restrictions and limitations as set out in this Agreement.

Default under the Senior Bank Facilities:

STANDSTILL PERIOD
If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under any of the Senior Bank Facilities and for which a default notice has been served upon the relevant debtor(s) in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Senior Bank Facility and subject to a written notice (the "Notice") of the same having

34

been duly given to (a) the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and (b) the Junior Agents (on behalf of the relevant Junior Finance Parties) and (c) the Issuer, a standstill period (the "Standstill Period") shall start as from the date of such Notice.

Default under the Bond Loan and the Junior Debt Facilities:

If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under any of the Bond Finance Documents or the Junior Finance Documents and for which a default notice has been served upon the relevant debtor(s) in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Bond Finance Document or Junior Finance Document, a Standstill Period shall start on the date of the default notice and a Notice shall be given to the Senior Agents (on behalf of the relevant Senior Finance Parties) and the Junior Agents (on behalf of the relevant Junior Finance Parties) or the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) (as the case may be) at the same time as any such default notice is served upon the relevant debtor(s).

Effect of Standstill Period:

During a Standstill Period, the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Junior Agents (on behalf of the Junior Finance Parties) (as the case may be) shall refrain from:
(i) making a call for or accepting any payment from an Obligor, other than
as permitted pursuant to "Payments of Junior Debt Facilities during
Standstill Period" below;

(ii) declaring an Event of Default;

(iii) accelerating/demanding prepayment of the Bond Loan or the Junior Debt Facilities (as the case may be);

(iv) filing any bankruptcy petition or taking any other similar steps against any of the Obligors; and

(v) taking any other private or public enforcement action against any of the Obligors or any of their assets;

in each case, in respect of any of the Bond Finance Documents or the Junior Finance Documents (as the case may be) and in each case unless a Senior Agent has exercised its right of acceleration, made a call under or a demand against or taken enforcement action against:

(a) the Issuer or the Parent Guarantor in respect of a Senior Bank Facility, in which case the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Junior Agent (on behalf of the Junior Finance Parties) may accelerate and take any enforcement action against the Issuer and the Parent Guarantor; or

(b) a Support Company in respect of a Senior Bank Facility, in which case the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Junior Agent (on

35

Payment of a Junior Debt Facility during Standstill Period:
No waiver of rights:

behalf of the Junior Finance Parties) may accelerate and take any enforcement action against such Support Company if and to the extent permitted pursuant to "Enforcement Against Subsidiary Guarantors ­ New Subsidiary Guarantees"; or
(c) any Subsidiary Guarantor (not being a Support Company) in respect of a Senior Bank Facility, in which case the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Junior Agent (on behalf of the Junior Finance Parties) may accelerate and take any enforcement action against such Subsidiary Guarantor if and to the extent permitted pursuant to "Enforcement Against Subsidiary Guarantors ­ New Subsidiary Guarantees".
Notwithstanding the above, in case of a Bankruptcy Event of an Obligor occurring during the Standstill Period, the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Junior Agents (on behalf of the relevant Junior Finance Parties) shall be entitled to file its claim in the respective bankruptcy estates, subject to any proceeds received therefrom being subject to the relevant ranking of claims provision and "Turnover".
Notwithstanding the generality of the above, the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall not at any time be restricted from collecting or enforcing against the any of (i) the Debt Service Reserve Account, (ii) the Escrow Account or (iii) the Bond Escrow Account Pledge in accordance with the terms of the Debt Service Reserve Account Pledge, the Bond Escrow Account Pledge or the Escrow Account Pledge, as applicable.
During a Standstill Period the following provision shall apply with respect to a Junior Debt Facility for as long as charter income is paid in full to the respective Charterer or Vessel Owner by the relevant Field Operator in accordance with the terms of the Vessel Contract for that Vessel which such Junior Debt Facility has a second priority Vessel Mortgage over:
(A) that Junior Agent shall be entitled to receive, and the relevant borrower shall be entitled (and obliged) to pay, any amount payable to that Junior Agent under the relevant Junior Facility Documents as and when they fall due, from the charter income under such Vessel Contract; and
(B) that Junior Agent shall not have a right to declare a cross default or accelerate or take any other enforcement actions pursuant to the relevant Junior Debt Facility, as long as due payment is received.
Any failure to make or accept a payment due under the Bond Agreement or the Junior Debt Facilities (as the case may be) as a result of a Standstill Period shall not prevent the occurrence of an event of default as a consequence of that failure to make a payment in relation to the Bond Agreement or the Junior Debt Facilities (as the case may be) and neither the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary Guarantors shall be released from the liability to make any payment (including default interest, which shall continue to accrue) under the

36

Bond Finance Documents or the Junior Finance Documents (as applicable) even if its obligation to make payments is restricted during the Standstill Period. The accrual and capitalization of interest in accordance with the Bond Finance Documents and Junior Finance Documents (as applicable) shall continue notwithstanding the issue of a Notice.

Expiry of a Standstill Period:

The Standstill Period shall expire and (subject to the other provisions hereof) cease to have any effect with respect to enforcement against each Obligor, upon the occurrence of the earlier of:

(a)

180 days from the start of the Standstill Period; or

(b) the Event of Default for which a Notice was issued, has been cured or waived; or

(c) the final maturity dates of each Senior Bank Facility and the repayment of all amounts outstanding under each Senior Bank Facility; or

(d) the repayment of all amounts outstanding under each Senior Bank Facility; or

(e) all Senior Agents shall have given its written consent thereto.

Number of Standstill Periods:

No new Standstill Period shall be started, and any ongoing Standstill Period shall end, if:

(i) the aggregate number of days of Standstill Periods within any 12 month period is more than 180 days; or

(ii) there have in any 12 months period already been two Standstill Periods which have ended (regardless of the length of such Standstill Periods); or

(iii) in the case of a new Standstill Period, a Standstill Period has already been invoked in respect of the same set of underlying events, circumstances or facts (regardless of whether such Standstill Period has expired or not).

Enforcement against the Issuer and the Parent Guarantor:

ENFORCEMENT A Senior Agent shall be entitled to take any enforcement action available to it pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant Senior Finance Documents, in respect of the Issuer and the Parent Guarantor.
The Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and any Junior Agent shall only be entitled to take any enforcement action against the Issuer or the Parent Guarantor in any of the following events:

37

(i) there is no Standstill Period at the time of such enforcement action; or

(ii) there is a Standstill Period at the time of such enforcement action and a Senior Agent has taken any enforcement action against the Issuer or the Parent Guarantor or any of their assets under the Senior Finance Documents (except enforcement action against the shares held by the Issuer in any other Group Company); or

(iii) the final maturity dates of all Senior Bank Facilities has occurred and any amounts outstanding under the Senior Finance Documents have been repaid in full; or

(iv) all amounts outstanding under the Senior Finance Documents have been repaid in full.

Enforcement against a Subsidiary Guarantor ­ New Subsidiary Guarantees:

Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the beneficiaries under the New Subsidiary Guarantees shall not be entitled to:
(i) make a call or demand under any New Subsidiary Guarantee against any Subsidiary Guarantor;

(ii) initiate any Bankruptcy Event against any grantor of a Subsidiary Guarantee or take any other similar steps; or

(iii) take any enforcement action or make any claim whatsoever against any Subsidiary Guarantor or any of its assets in respect of the New Subsidiary Guarantees;

until any of the following events and circumstances occur:
(a) the Senior Bank Facility under which such Subsidiary Guarantor has provided a Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantee has been repaid in full and, with respect to the New Subsidiary Guarantees issued by the Support Companies only, either (A) the beneficiaries under that Senior Bank Facility took enforcement action against the relevant Support Company, or (B) the beneficiaries under that Senior Bank Facility did not take enforcement action against the relevant Support Company and no Standstill Period is then current; or

(b) there is no such Senior Bank Facility as referred to in (a) above in place for the respective Subsidiary Guarantor, and, with respect to the New Subsidiary Guarantees issued by the Support Companies only, no Standstill Period is then current; or

38

(c) the final maturity date under such Senior Bank Facility as referred to in (a) above has occurred and the relevant Senior Finance Parties have not taken any enforcement action within 180 days following such final maturity date.

Any permitted collection by the beneficiaries under any New Subsidiary Guarantees granted by a Subsidiary Guarantor shall be carried out in a manner which does not in any way interfere with the enforcement proceedings of a Senior Agent under any Vessel Mortgage or share pledge held by that Senior Agent.
Notwithstanding the above:

(A) to the extent necessary to preserve their claim against a Subsidiary Guarantor, the beneficiaries under a New Subsidiary Guarantee may issue a demand for payment under that New Subsidiary Guarantee, but their rights as a result of and/or following any such demand shall be subject to the prohibitions in (i), (ii) and (iii) above and any amounts received as a result of or in connection with that demand shall be applied in accordance with Turnover; and

(B) in case of a Bankruptcy Event of any of the Subsidiary Guarantors, the beneficiaries under a New Subsidiary Guarantee provided by such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be entitled to file its claim in the respective bankruptcy estates, subject to Turnover.

Enforcement against a Subsidiary Guarantor ­ Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantees:

A Senior Agent shall be entitled to take any enforcement action available to it pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant Senior Original Subsidiary Guarantee, in respect of the relevant Subsidiary Guarantor.

Voluntary Sale of or Enforcement against all Shares in a Vessel Owner and/or Charterer:

MISCELLANEOUS In the event that:
(i) a Senior Agent has taken enforcement action against all shares in a Vessel Owner or a Charterer to a third party, or
(ii) a Subsidiary of the Issuer wishes to make a voluntary sale of all shares in a Vessel Owner or a Charterer and such voluntary sale is not restricted under (and conducted in accordance with) the terms of the Bond Finance Documents, the Senior Bank Facilities and any Junior Debt Facility,
the beneficiaries under any Subsidiary Guarantee issued by that Vessel Owner and/or Charterer each undertake that they will release the Vessel Owner and/or Charterer from its guarantee obligations thereunder at the latest upon

39

consummation of such sale, provided that any such sale or transfer of shares shall be on arms length terms and no such shares shall be sold or transferred to any Obligor, any of the ultimate owners of the Group or any of their respective affiliates. However nothing shall prevent a Senior Agent from effecting a sale or transfer of shares in a Vessel Owner or a Charterer which is not on arms length terms by way of preservation or pre-enforcement action, and in such case the beneficiaries under any Subsidiary Guarantee issued by that Vessel Owner or Charterer will release that Vessel Owner and/or Charterer from its guarantee obligations thereunder if required to do so by that Senior Agent, provided (in each case) that those beneficiaries nevertheless retain their rights in any sale proceeds in an ultimate sale or transfer of those shares (which shall be made on arms length terms) the proceeds of which shall be applied in accordance with Ranking ­ Obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantors and any such rights of those beneficiaries shall be subject to the same.

Enforcement Notice and Bondholders' buyout Rights ("Buy-Out Rights"):

In the event of any of the Senior Agents (on behalf of the relevant Senior Finance Parties) exercising any of its rights under the relevant Senior Finance Documents to accelerate or put on demand any amount outstanding under such Senior Finance Documents, such Senior Agent shall notify the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) promptly in writing of the events and circumstances giving rise to such acceleration/on demand (each an "Enforcement Notice").

Not in any way restricting or delaying any rights of a Senior Agent to take any enforcement action under the Senior Finance Documents, the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and/or any Senior Agent which has not issued an Enforcement Notice (the "Other Senior Agent") shall have an option (to be exercised within 120 days from receipt of the first Enforcement Notice (either the first in time taking precedence) of paying to (i) in the case of the Trustee, all or any of the Senior Agents (on behalf of the relevant Senior Finance Parties) who have issued an Enforcement Notice within [25] Norwegian banking days following the Trustee's exercise of the option, all monies then outstanding under the relevant Senior Bank Facilities against an assignment and transfer of all claims against any Obligor under the Senior Finance Documents pertaining to the relevant Senior Bank Facilities and all rights pertaining to the Senior Agents under the Senior Security Documents for the relevant Senior Bank Facilities to and at the expense of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and (ii) in the case of the Other Senior Agent, all or any of the enforcing Senior Agents (on behalf of the relevant Senior Finance Parties) within [25] Norwegian banking days following the Other Senior Agent's exercise of the option, all monies then outstanding under the relevant Senior Bank Facilities against an assignment and transfer of all claims against any Obligor under the Senior Finance Documents pertaining to the relevant Senior Bank Facilities and all rights pertaining to the Senior Agents under the Senior Security Documents for the relevant Senior Bank Facilities to and at the expense of the Other Senior Agent, in each case such assignment and transfer to be without recourse to the relevant Senior Agent(s) and the relevant Senior Finance Parties and without any express or implied warranty or representation by the relevant Senior Agent(s) as to the validity and enforceability of the relevant Senior Finance Documents or Senior Security Documents and/or such

40

Limitation on guarantees:
Turnover:

related documents or as to the recoverability of any moneys hereunder. The relevant Senior Agent(s) shall not be liable to the Trustee or any of the Bondholders for any failure or delay in informing the Trustee of the enforcement process or giving an Enforcement Notice and shall not be liable to the Trustee or any of the Bondholders in respect of any loss, damage or liability incurred by the Trustee or any of the Bondholders arising out of or in connection with such Senior Agent's failure or delay in giving such Enforcement Notice, except while acting with gross negligence or wilful misconduct.
Any claim made by any of the Bond Trustee, a Senior Agent or a Junior Agent shall be limited to the indebtedness, if any, still being outstanding after the application of the proceeds (if any) actually received (even if not yet applied) from the enforcement of or under any other Bond Security Document, Senior Security Document or Junior Security Document (as applicable).
In the event any Party hereto receives payment (whether under any Senior Finance Document, Bond Finance Document or Junior Finance Document, through voluntary payment, a demand, enforcement action, a dividend payment from a bankruptcy estate or in any other way) in contradiction to the priority of claims set out herein, such Party shall immediately turn over any such payment received by it to such other Parties as should have received such payments in order to comply with the priority of claims set out herein.

Undertakings by the Senior Finance Parties:

(a) The Senior Agents shall at the same time as giving any formal notice to the relevant obligor that an event of default under the Senior Finance Documents has occurred, notify the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), the other Senior Agents and the Junior Agents (on behalf of the Junior Finance Parties) thereof; and

(b) A Senior Agent shall not assign, pledge or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations under the Senior Finance Documents unless such Senior Agent shall first have procured that on any such assignment, pledge or transfer the assignee or other person so dealing with such Senior Agent shall have undertaken to the Trustee and the other Senior Agents that such assignee or other person will be bound by and comply with and perform all the obligations of such Senior Agent pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement by acceding to the Intercreditor Agreement.

Undertakings by the (i) The Trustee shall not assign, pledge or otherwise transfer its rights or

Trustee (on behalf of

obligations under the Bond Agreement or the Bond Security

the Bondholders):

Documents without having procured that on any such assignment,

pledge or transfer, the assignee or other person so dealing with the

Trustee shall have undertaken to the Senior Agents to be bound by and

comply with and perform all of the obligations of the Trustee pursuant

to the Intercreditor Agreement by acceding to the Intercreditor

Agreement; and

(ii) At the same time as giving any formal notice to the Issuer that an event of default has occurred under the Bond Agreement, the Trustee shall notify the Senior Agents in writing thereof.

41

Undertakings by the Junior Finance Parties:
Amendments to the Senior Finance Documents:
Amendments to the Bond Agreement:

(i) The Junior Finance Parties shall not assign, pledge or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations under the Junior Finance Documents without having procured that on any such assignment, pledge or transfer, the assignee or other person so dealing with the relevant Junior Finance Documents shall have undertaken to the Trustee and the Senior Agents to be bound by and comply with and perform all of the obligations of such Junior Finance Documents pursuant to the Intercredtior Agreement by acceding to the Intercreditor Agreement; and

(ii) At the same time as giving any formal notice to the relevant obligor that an event of default has occurred under any Junior Finance Document, the relevant Junior Agent shall notify the Senior Agents and the Trustee in writing thereof.

The Obligors shall not and/or the Senior Agents (on behalf of the relevant Senior Finance Parties) shall not without the prior written consent of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) agree to any amendment of any of the Senior Finance Documents, which relates to:

(a)

any increase of any principal amount under the RCF

Agreement above USD 150 million, and/or any increase of the

principal amount under the PFF Agreement above USD 415 million

less the sum of all original applicable amortisation amounts

scheduled to be paid thereunder (regardless of whether paid or not);

or

(b)

the creation or issue of additional securities or guarantees as

compared to the relevant original Senior Finance Document; or

(c)

any extension of the final maturity date at a time when (i) a

Standstill Period has occurred and expired, and (ii) the Trustee has,

following such expiry, taken any enforcement action against or in

respect of the Issuer and/or the Parent,

except as permitted in the Term Sheet (which includes the RCF termsheet in Schedule 4 of the Term Sheet).

The Issuer, the Parent Guarantor and the Subsidiary Guarantors shall not and/or the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall not without the prior written consent of the Senior Agents (on behalf of the relevant Senior Finance Parties) agree to any amendment of any of the Finance Documents (as defined in the Bond Agreement), which relates to:
(a) any increase of any principal amount under the Bond Agreement;

(b) any representation, warranty, undertaking or event of default under the

42

Amendments to the Junior Finance Documents:
Intra-Group debt: Governing Law:

Bond Agreement if such amendment would make the relevant clause materially more onerous to the relevant Obligor as compared to the original Bond Agreement; or

(c) the creation or issue of additional securities or guarantees as compared to the relevant original Bond Agreement;

except as permitted in the Term Sheet.

The Issuer, the Parent Guarantor and the Subsidiary Guarantors shall not (and shall procure that no member of the Group shall) and/or the Junior Agents (on behalf of the relevant Junior Finance Parties) shall not without the prior written consent of the Senior Agents (on behalf of the relevant Senior Finance Parties) and the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) agree to any amendment of any of the relevant Junior Finance Documents, which relates to:

(a)

any increase of any principal amount under any Junior Debt

Facility;

(b)

any representation, warranty, undertaking or event of default

under any Junior Debt Facility if such amendment would make the

relevant clause materially more onerous to the relevant obligor as

compared to the original Junior Debt Facility; or

(c)

the creation or issue of additional securities or guarantees as

compared to the relevant original Junior Debt Facility;

except as permitted in the Term Sheet.

Any intra-Group debt to be fully subordinated debt in all respects, subject to the provisions of the Term Sheet.

English law.

43

TERM SHEET FOR THE AMENDED REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY

Schedule 4

DRAFT ONLY- PRIVATE &CONFIDENTIAL SUBJECT TO CREDIT APPROVALS
SUMMARY OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Bluewater Holding B.V. US$ 120 million Amended Revolving Credit Facility (RCF)

___________________________________________________________________________________
This proposal is subject to (i) the receipt by the banks of all necessary approvals and (ii) satisfactory completion of due diligence and execution by the Bluewater Group and Aurelia Energy of legal documentation acceptable to the Banks. The proposal is further subject to there having been, in the sole opinion of the Banks, no material adverse change in the international capital or loan market, in the political or economic situation in any country where any member of the Bluewater Group or Aurelia Energy has significant operations or in the legal and financial condition of the Bluewater Group or Aurelia Energy prior to the implementation of this proposal, or any continuation of preexisting material adverse change. ___________________________________________________________________________________

Unless specifically mentioned otherwise, terms and expressions used in this Indicative Summary of Terms and Conditions have the same meaning as in the US$850 million revolving credit facility agreement dated 29 June 2006 as amended and restated and subsequently reduced to US$102.5 million prior to the date hereof (RCF). In addition, unless specifically mentioned otherwise, all terms of the RCF and the other Facility Documents will remain unamended.

1. PARTIES

All parties will be the same as those under the RCF.

2. THE FACILITY

44

Term Loan Working Capital Facility Availability
Purpose Scheduled repayments
Margin Interest Period

The Term Loan Facility Amount will be repaid in full and cancelled. All provisions relating to the Term Loan will be removed from the Facility Documents, as amended (the Amended Facility Documents).

The Working Capital Facility will be increased to US$ 120m and will continue to operate on a revolving credit facility basis, with a Freely Available Limit and a Restricted Limit. Bluewater will be permitted to drawdown under the Working Capital Facility in line with the Purpose.

The Working Capital Facility is freely available for drawings as of signing. Thereafter, the Freely Available Limit is decreased as below (and as set out in the Scheduled repayments section below).

time after signing
Signing 30 June 2014 1 January 2015

Freely Available Limit US$ 120m US$ 97.5m US$ 75m

Restricted Limit
US$ 0m US$ 22.5m US$ 45m

Usage and (re)drawings under the Restricted Limit is made available subject to approval of the Majority Lenders based on sustainable debt levels evidenced by forward looking model and the unencumbered contract position.

The full amount for (i) the repayment of the outstandings under the Term Loan, (ii) unwinding costs of existing hedging positions with regard to the Facility, (iii) general working capital purposes of the Bluewater Group, (iv) investments of up to a maximum of US$ 70m in Approved Unit Projects and (v) funding of a Haewene Brim and/or Glas Dowr operational cash flow shortfall of up to maximum US$ 20m in aggregate during the tenor of the Facility.

The Final Repayment Date will be extended until 31 March 2017.

The Working Capital Facility will be reduced and cancelled by US$17.5m each quarter starting on the date which is the earlier of (i) 1 year prior to the Final Repayment Date, (ii) 1 year prior to the end of the fixed contract period of the current Bleo Holm Contract or (iii) 1 year prior to the end of the fixed contract period of the current Aoka Mizu Contract. Each reduction and cancellation will be applied first against the Restricted Limit, if applicable, and thereafter against the Freely Available Limit. One year after the first reduction, the remaining commitment under the Working Capital Facility will be cancelled and any outstanding amounts will be repaid.

[300]bps per annum.

3 months, however allowing 2x 1 month interest periods per calendar year if large payments to Bluewater are expected which would result in a voluntary prepayment of the Facility on the end of such 1 month interest period.

45

Upfront Fees Commitment Fees 3. SECURITY ABN Amro Guarantee Facility
4. COVENANTS General covenants Financial covenants
5. WATERFALLS

[50]bps on each bank's commitment. [45%] of the margin
As per the RCF, taking into account the ABN Amro Guarantee Facility.
ABN Amro will, subject to credit approval, offer a USD 20m uncommitted guarantee facility to [BH and BES, guaranteed by Aurelia Energy NV] which will be an Ancillary Document. ABN Amro will therefore have Ancillary Rights which rank, in relation to the Secured Property, on a pari passu basis with the existing Bank Rights, the Hedging Rights and Ancillary Rights. [BH and BES] will only request that ABN Amro issues performance guarantees and advance payment guarantees under the ABN Amro Guarantee Facility in support of the obligations of Obligors under Approved SPM Projects. BH and BES shall seek the prior consent of the Facility Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Banks) to the issuance of each such guarantee on a case-by-case basis as part of a business acceptance framework for the relevant Approved SPM Project.
As per the RCF As per the RCF. Net Financial Indebtedness to EBITDA being equal or less than 4.0x Interest Cover Ratio being equal or greater than 2.5x Operating Leverage being equal or less than 2.0x Minimum Liquidity Amount of US$ 25m Market Value Ratio being equal of less than 66.7%
The waterfalls in clauses 9 and 10 of the Deed of Proceeds and Priorities shall continue to apply unamended, except to the extent necessary to reflect the other provisions of this Summary including the removal of the Term Loan.

46

6. OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Amended Facility Documents

The Amended RCF will be documented by an amendment and restatement of the RCF, the Deed of Proceeds and Priorities and all other relevant Facility Documents. All Amended Facility Documents must be satisfactory to all parties thereto.

Except to the extent referred to herein, all terms and conditions of the RCF with necessary consequential amendments will continue to apply.

The amendment documents will include usual conditions precedent such as no default, corporate authorities and legal opinions. Additional conditions precedent shall include:

- The Notes have been refinanced with a new bond arrangement which (i) has a minimum amount of US$ [360]m and (ii) a final maturity date which extends beyond the Final Repayment Date.
- Cash flow projections, acceptable to the lenders, taking into account the terms and conditions of the new bond.
- Satisfactory intercreditor arrangements between the RCF and such new bond have been entered into.

Governing law

English law (or appropriate local law for amended security documents).

