ISIN NO 001 0699770 DRAFT 20 DECEMBER 2013EXECUTION VERSION
BOND AGREEMENT between
Blue Pioneer Pte. Ltd. (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Blue Pioneer Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018
4436749/5#4436749/6

Clause

CONTENTS

Page

1. INTERPRETATION...............................................................................................2 2. THE BONDS .................................................................................................... 13 3. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY ........................................................ 14 4. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS .................................................................... 14 5. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.................................................................................... 14 6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES .................................................................... 16 7. CHANGE OF SHIP REGISTRY ................................................................................ 18 8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY ................................................................... 19 9. GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY ............................................................................... 19 10. INTEREST AND CONSENT FEE............................................................................... 22 11. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION............................................................ 23 12. PAYMENTS ..................................................................................................... 25 13. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS ......................................................................... 26 14. COVENANTS ................................................................................................... 27 15. FEES AND EXPENSES ......................................................................................... 35 16. EVENTS OF DEFAULT......................................................................................... 36 17. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING ................................................................................... 38 18. THE BOND TRUSTEE ......................................................................................... 41 19. MISCELLANEOUS .............................................................................................. 44

#4436749/54436749/6

1 (7)

This agreement has been entered into on [DATE] ___ December 2013 between

(1)

Blue Pioneer Pte. Ltd. (a company incorporated under the laws of Singapore with

registration number number 20133355Z 201333355Z as issuer (the "Issuer");

(2)

Blue Pioneer Pionner MX S.A de C.V. (a Mexican corporation with commercial folio Tax ID

number [XX]BOM1331211M83) as guarantor (the "Mexican SPV");

(3)

BMT Pioneer S.A. de C.V. (a Mexican corporation with commercial folio number [XX]

418213 and, at the date of this agreement owned 49% (directly or indirectly) by the Issuer

and 51% by the Mexican SPV as guarantor and, after the execution of the Guarantee Trust,

100% by the Guarantee Trust (less 1 share) (the "Lessee"); and

(4)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Account Bank" means DNB Bank ASA and such other first class international banks (with minimum "A" credit rating from S&P or Moody's) as acceptable to the Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders).

"Accounts" means the following accounts to be held with an Account Bank:

(a) the Escrow Account;

(b) the Earnings Account(s);

(c) the CapEx Retention Account;

(d) the Minimum Liquidity Account;

(e) the Debt Service Retention Account; and

(f) the Cash Sweep Retention Account.

"Approved Shipbroker" means any of Fearnley Offshore Supply AS, Nor-Ocean Offshore AS or any such other independent reputable ship broker nominated by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders) from time to time.

"Assignment of Earnings" means a first priority assignment from the Issuer and the Lessee of any earnings payable (including earnings under any charters) related to the Vessel, which may only be exercised upon an event of default, including notices to the relevant third parties (and the Obligors shall use their best endeavours to procure the acknowledgements of such notices from the respective charterers).

#4436749/54436749/6

2 (7)

"Assignment of Insurances" means a first priority assignment of any relevant insurances related to the Vessel in favour of the Bond Trustee, enforceable upon an Event of Default, granted by the Issuer and/or the Lessee.
"Assignment of Receivables" means a first priority assignment by way of security from the Issuer of all present and future intra-group receivables against the Guarantors, enforceable upon an Event of Default, including a right for the Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders) to release those receivables on enforcement.
"Assignment of Shareholder Loan" means a first priority assignment of the Parent's claim against the Issuer and the Guarantors under any Shareholder Loan.
"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means three months LIBOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 17.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo and New York.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 11.2.
"CapEx Retention Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"CapEx Retention Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the CapEx Retention Account in favour of the Bond Trustee.
"Cash Sweep Amount" means the amount to be paid to the Cash Sweep Retention Account pursuant to Clause 14.6.3(v).
"Cash Sweep Retention Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer for the purpose of holding the Cash Sweep Amount, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.

#4436749/54436749/6

3 (7)

"Cash Sweep Retention Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Cash Sweep Retention Account in favour of the Bond Trustee.
"Client" means (i) under the Existing Contract, Oceanografia and (ii) under any Follow-On Contract, any third party charterer chartering the Vessel from any of the Issuer or the Lessee (as the case may be).
"Consent Fee" means:
(a) in respect of any Follow-On Contract with (i) a minimum time charter rate of USD 62,500 and (ii) a duration of 24 months or less, a fee payable to the Bondholders of 100 basis points flat calculated on the par value of the Outstanding Bonds at the relevant Margin Reset Date; and
(b) in respect of any Follow-On Contract with (i) a minimum time charter rate of USD 58,500 and (ii) a duration in excess of 24 months, a fee payable to the Bondholders of 300 basis points flat calculated on the par value of the Outstanding Bonds at the relevant Margin Reset Date.
"Debt Service Retention Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer for the purpose of servicing the Bond Issue, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Debt Service Retention Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Debt Service Retention Account in favour of the Bond Trustee.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 19.2.
"Disbursement Date" means the date on which the net proceeds from the Bond Issue are transferred from the Escrow Account to the Issuer.
"Distribution" means, in relation to an Obligor, a declaration of or making of dividend payment, repurchase of shares, issuance of loans, or any other equity or capital distribution or payment to its shareholders (including servicing of Shareholder Loans), whether in cash or in kind.
"EBITDA" means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.
"Earnings Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.

#4436749/54436749/6

4 (7)

"Earnings Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Earnings Account in favour of the Bond Trustee.
"Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account in favour of the Bond Trustee, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 16.1.
"Existing Contract" means the existing time charter contract between Ocean Mexicana and Oceanografia with a daily rate of USD 62,500 and with the expiry date being [·] 31 December 2014 (the "Existing Contract Expiry Date").
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Nordic Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds may be listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Existing Trust" means the irrevocable administration and source of payment trust agreement number 17346-9 (contrato de fideicomiso irrevocable de administración y medio de pago) dated March 11, 2013, entered into by Oceanografía as trustor and second place beneficiary, Ocean Mexicana as first place beneficiary and Banco Nacional Mexico, S.A., integrante del Grupo Financiero Banamex, as trustee, to which the collection rights under the Existing Contract have been transferred.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Fiduciary Bank" means Deutsche Bank Mexico S.A., Institucion de Banca Multiple Dicision Fiduciara.
"Finance Documents" means:
(i) this Bond Agreement,
(ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 15.2,
(iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto),
(iv) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents,
(v) the Vessel Management Agreement;
(vi) the Financial Lease Agreement;
(vii) the Time Charter;

#4436749/54436749/6

5 (7)

(viii) the assignment of the first beneficiary rights under the Existing Trust;
(ix) any document the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (on instructions from the bondholders) agree in writing to be a Finance Document; and
(x) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Lease Agreement" means the English law financial lease agreement dated on or about the date hereof in respect of the Vessel, between the Issuer and the Lessee.
"Financial Lease Assignment" means the English law assignment in favour of the Bond Trustee in respect of the Issuer's rights under the Financial Lease Agreement, which is enforceable upon an Event of Default.
"Financial Statements" means (i) in respect of the Issuer, the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year; and (ii) in respect of a Guarantor, the audited unconsolidated annual financial statements of such Guarantor for any financial year, in each case drawn up according to GAAP and to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"Follow-On Contract" means any new time charter contract entered into by the Issuer or the Lessee (as the case may be) with a Client for the purpose of employing the Vessel and

#4436749/54436749/6

6 (7)

commencing after the Existing Contract Expiry Date or the expiry date of any Follow-On Contract (as the case may be).
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated or in the U.S. including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.
"Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Guarantee" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee on a joint and several basis from the Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses, as set out in Clause 9 (Guarantee).
"Guarantee Trust" means the irrevocable guarantee and source of payment trust agreement (contrato de fideicomiso irrevocable de garantía y Fuente de pago) to be entered by the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders), as first place beneficiary, Ocean Mexicana, the Lessee, the Issuer, Blue Pioneer Pionner MX, S.A. de C.V. and BMT Operations, S.A. de C.V. as settlors and second place beneficiaries and the Fiduciary Bank as trustee, in respect of the Trust Estate.
"Guarantor(s)" means the Mexican SPV and the Lessee.
"Interest Payment Date" means 20 23 March, 20 23 June, 20 23 September and 20 23 December each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number ­ the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means [20] 23 December 2013.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Issuer Share Charge" means a first priority share charge granted by the Mexico Offshore Oil Drilling Co S.A. de C.V. over all of the shares in the Issuer (and, to the extent applicable under relevant law, including letters of resignation from the directors of the Issuer).
"Lessee Share Charge" means a first priority share charge granted by the Mexican SPV over the share in the Lessee which is not contributed to the Guarantee Trust (and, to the extent

#4436749/54436749/6

7 (7)

applicable under relevant law, including letters of resignation from the directors of the Issuer).
"LIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 11.00 a.m., London time, on the relevant interest payment date or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of commercial banks on the interbank market in New York city or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered commercial banks in the New York city interbank market, for the applicable period. If any such rate is below zero, LIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Liquidity" means the aggregate book value of the Issuer's freely available and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, free of any encumbrance (other than encumbrances in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in respect of the Minimum Liquidity Account Pledge and the Earnings Account Pledge). Amounts in any of the Debt Service Retention Account or the CapEx Retention Account shall not be defined as Liquidity.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, being Pareto Securities AS of Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway and Pareto Securities Pte. Ltd. 16 Collyer Quay, #27-02, Singapore 049318.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means an event or circumstance where:
(a) the Vessel is sold or disposed of; or
(b) there is any change in the ownership in any Obligor.
"Margin" means 11.50 percentage points per annum, however so that:
(a) from the Margin Reset Date in respect of and during the term of a Follow-On Contract with (i) a minimum time charter rate of USD 62,500 and (ii) a duration of 24 months or less, the Margin shall be 10.50 percentage points per annum; and
(b) from the Margin Reset Date in respect of and during the term of a Follow-On Contract with (i) a minimum time charter rate of USD 58,500 and (ii) a duration in excess of 24 months the Margin shall be 8.50 percentage points per annum.
"Margin Reset Date" means the date which a Follow-On Contract commences.
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Vessel, determined without physical inspection at the Issuer's expense by two Approved Shipbrokers, such valuations to be made on the basis of a voluntary sale between willing buyer and willing seller, free of any charter or employment contract. The valuation shall be dated no earlier than 30 days prior to the Quarter Dates falling on 30 June and 31 December and such valuation shall be made available to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders semi-annually on each relevant Reporting Date. The value shall be the arithmetic mean of the two valuations.

#4436749/54436749/6

8 (7)

"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance which has a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Obligors, (b) the Obligor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means [20] 23 December 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to
the Business Day Convention.
"Mexican Floating Charge" means the first priority Mexican law floating lien pledge agreement (prenda sin transmisión de posesión) from each Obligor over all its assets located in Mexico or regulated under Mexican law, which shall include, but not be limited to, all marine and other equipment, IP rights, operating manuals and other assets of each such Obligor which are not already subject to security by any other Finance Document.
"Mexican SPV Share Pledge" means a first priority pledge over all of the shares in the Mexican SPV (and, to the extent applicable under relevant law, including letters of resignation from the directors of the Mexican SPV).
"Minimum Liquidity Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Minimum Liquidity Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Minimum Liquidity Account in favour of the Bond Trustee.
"Mortgage" means the first priority ship mortgage over the Vessel entered into by the Issuer, including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Vessel under applicable law (including the accommodation module, all equipment and spare parts associated with the vessel, and, if applicable, a deed of covenants to include intellectual properties, manuals, engineering data and similar assets of the Vessel and supplemental to the mortgage and to the security thereby created between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee).
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.
"Ocean Mexicana" means Ocean Mexicana S.A. de C.V., a Mexican corporation with variable capital (sociedad anónima de capital variable) with commercial folio number [·]339866, owned 99.992% (directly or indirectly) by the Parent.
"Oceanografia" means Oceanografía S.A. de C.V. a Mexican corporation with variable capital (sociedad anónima de capital variable) with commercial folio number [·]17346.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.

#4436749/54436749/6

9 (7)

"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Parent" means Blue Marine Technology, S.A. de C.V. (a Mexican corporation with variable capital (sociedad anónima de capital variable) with commercial folio number [·]302862).
"Planned Drydocking" means [·].the complete drydock survey required by class and that is scheduled to be performed on April 2016.
"Planned Intermediate Survey" means an intermediate survey to the vessel that is required by class and that is scheduled for April 2014.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Reporting Date" means a date where the Issuer shall deliver its Financial Statements or Interim Report.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 18.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 19.2.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means:
(a) the Mortgage;
(b) the Escrow Account Pledge; (c) the 1st beneficiary rights under the Existing Trust; (d) the 1st beneficiary rights under the Guarantee Trust;
(e) the Assignment of Receivables;
(f) the Assignment of Earnings;
(g) the Earnings Account Pledge;
(h) the Debt Service Retention Account Pledge;
(i) the CapEx Retention Account Pledge;
(j) the Minimum Liquidity Account Pledge;

#4436749/54436749/6

10 (7)

(k) the Cash Sweep Retention Account Pledge;
(l) the Assignment of Insurances;
(m) the Mexican Floating Charge;
(n) the Singaporean Floating Charge;
(o) the Mexican SPV Share Pledge;
(p) the Issuer Share Charge;
(q) the Lessee Share Charge;
(r) the Vessel Management Agreement Assignment;
(s) the Assignment of Shareholder Loan;
(t) the Financial Lease Agreement Assignment; and
(u) the Time Charter Assignment.
"Shareholder Loan" means any Financial Indebtedness from the Parent to any of the Obligors.
"Singaporean Floating Charge" means a first priority Singapore law floating charge from the Issuer (and, if practically possible, a fixed charge over the insurances) or similar security over all assets of the Issuer (where practically possible), which shall include, but not be limited to, all marine and other equipment, IP rights, operating manuals and other assets of the Issuer;
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Trust Bank Accounts" means the bank accounts held by the Guarantee Trust in
"Time Charter" means the existing English law time charter contract dated on or about the date hereof in respect of the Vessel, between the Lessee and Ocean Mexicana.
"Time Charter Assignment" means the English law assignment in favour of the Bond Trustee of the Lessee's rights under the Time Charter.
"Total Loss Event" means in respect of the Vessel (i) an actual or constructive total loss and (ii) requisition for title or other compulsory acquisition hereunder expropriation.
"Trust Estate" means the trust estate (patrimonio del fideicomiso) to be contributed to the Guarantee Trust, being, inter alia:
(a) the Trust Bank Accounts;
(b) the Vessel, including title of the Vessel (after the Vessel has been contributed to the Guarantee Trust pursuant to the terms of this Agreement);

#4436749/54436749/6

11 (7)

(c) the Issuer's rights under the Finance Lease Agreement;
(d) the first place beneficiary rights of Ocean Mexicana under the Existing Trust;
(e) the Lessee's rights under the Vessel Management Agreement;
(f) the Lessee's rights under the Time Charter;
(g) Ocean Mexicana's rights under the Existing Contract;
(h) all the shares of the Lessee owned by Issuer as of the date of this Agreement;
(i) all of the shares of the Lessee owned by the Mexican SPV as of the date of this Agreement (except one); and
(j) any collection rights under any Follow-On Contract against any future Clients.
"Upfront Fee" means a fee of USD 938,000 to be payable to the Bondholders on the Disbursement Date.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
"Vessel" means the multipurpose supply vessel named "Island Pioneer" with IMO no: 9344849 built at the yard Ulstein Verft A/S, Norway and delivered in [·] April 2006, currently registered with the Marshall Islands Ship Registry and to be reregistered with the Mexican Ship Registry by no later than 3 months after the Issue Date.
"Vessel Manager" means BMT Operations S.A. de C.V. a company corporation with variable capital (sociedad anonima de capital variable) incorporated under the laws of Mexico and being a 99.99% owned (directly or indirectly) Subsidiary of the Parent.
"Vessel Management Agreement" means the agreement between the Vessel Manager and the Lessee dated on or about the date hereof in respect of vessel management services for the Vessel.
"Vessel Management Agreement Assignment" means, to the extent permitted under applicable law, a first priority assignment granted by the relevant Obligor and/or the Parent over all its rights (including step-in rights) under any corporate, commercial or technical management agreements relating to the Vessel (being, at the date of this Agreement, the Vessel Management Agreement), enforceable upon an Event of Default, including notices to any third party (and the Obligors and the Parent to use its best endeavours to procure the acknowledgements of such notices from the respective parties).
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

#4436749/54436749/6

12 (7)

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2. 2.1 2.1.1
2.1.2 2.2

THE BONDS
Binding nature of this Bond Agreement By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 19.1. This Bond Agreement shall not be made available to the general public and may only be obtained from the Bond Trustee upon request by a Bondholder.
The Bonds The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 62,500,000 (USD sixty-two millions five hundred thousand).

The Face Value is USD 1.00. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Blue Pioneer Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0699770.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization The net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of legal fees, fees to the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be applied as follows:

(a) to partly finance the acquisition of the Vessel;

(b) to pay the Upfront Fee;

(c) to transfer USD 1,250,000 to the Debt Service Retention Account; and

(d) to transfer USD 150,000 to the CapEx Retention Account.

#4436749/54436749/6

13 (7)

2.4 Listing The Bonds shall not be listed.

3.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

3.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

3.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and

shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this

Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The

registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

3.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

4.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

4.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

4.2

The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the

United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule

144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to

the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S.

investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer

a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the

investor is a QIB.

4.3

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

5.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

5.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject to

the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below in form and substance

satisfactory to it (subject to consent from the Bondholders), at least two Business Days

prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Obligors to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Obligors;

#4436749/54436749/6

14 (7)

(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Obligors, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Obligors;

(e) the Obligors' latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(f) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation from the Issuer that no event has occurred and is continuing which constitutes or is likely to result in an Event of Default;

(i) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(j) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 15.2, duly executed;

(k) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue (if relevant);

(l) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the relevant Finance Documents required for the Issue Date);

(m) establishment of the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the Account Bank) and legally perfected; and

5.2

On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to

Clause 5.1, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow

Account.

5.3

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds from the Escrow Account will be subject to

the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below in form and substance

satisfactory to it (subject to consent from the Bondholders):

(a) A duly executed release notice from the Issuer (including a statement confirming that the funds will be used in accordance with the Purpose and a confirmation that no potential or actual Event of Default exists);

(b) confirmation from the Issuer that no Financial Indebtedness, Security or guarantees (other than that expressly permitted under the Finance Documents) exists;

(c) the Security Documents (other than the Escrow Account Pledge), duly executed by all parties thereto and legally perfected;

(d) a letter of undertaking from the Parent and/or relevant Obligor, which sets out the main terms of the management agreements and charter contracts relating to the

#4436749/54436749/6

15 (7)

Vessel, and where the Parent undertakes to subordinate any claim it may have against the Issuer to the claims under the Bonds;

(e) satisfactory documentation that the Trust Estate has been contributed to the Guarantee Trust;

(f) copies of necessary corporate resolutions from the Parent and the Obligors executing the Finance Documents (unless delivered under Clause 5.1, then a confirmation of the full force and effect of such resolutions shall be given);

(g) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee in respect of the Security Documents have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders);

(h) any other Finance Documents (unless delivered under Clause 5.1 and to the extent applicable) are in acceptable form and duly executed;

(i) satisfactory evidence that all applicable insurances related to the Vessel have been taken out in the form of an insurance report from Bank Assure Insurance Services Inc., or such other reputable insurance advisor approved by the Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders); and

(j) any other document or action reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee (acting on instructions from the Bondholders).

5.4

The Bond Trustee may (subject to prior written consent from the Bondholders) waive the

deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 5.1 and 5.3.

5.5

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written

notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been

controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

6.1

The Issuer and each of the Guarantors represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status

It is a limited liability company or corporation with variable capital, as the case may be, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

#4436749/54436749/6

16 (7)

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
(e) No Event of Default
(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
(h) Financial Statements

#4436749/54436749/6

17 (7)

Its most recent Financial Statements (to the extent such exists) and Interim Accounts (to the extent such exist) fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i) No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j) No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(k) Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(l) Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

6.2

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 6.1 are made on the execution date

of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each

drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

7.

CHANGE OF SHIP REGISTRY

7.1

The Obligors shall ensure that the ship registry of the Vessel is changed from the Marshall

Islands ship registry to the Mexican Ship Registry subject to the Bond Trustee having

received the documents listed below in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) The Mexican law Mortgage over the Vessel, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) satisfactory evidence that the Vessel (including the title to the Vessel) has been contributed to the Guarantee Trust and made part of the Trust Estate;

(c) copies of necessary corporate resolutions from the Parent and the Obligors executing the relevant Finance Documents;

(d) any other Finance Documents in acceptable form and duly executed;

(e) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents);

(f) satisfactory evidence that all applicable insurances related to the Vessel have been taken out in the form of an insurance report from Bank Assure Insurance Services

#4436749/54436749/6

18 (7)

Inc., or such other reputable insurance advisor approved by the Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders);

(g) any other document or action reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee (acting on instructions from the Bondholders).

7.2

The Bond Trustee may (subject to prior written consent from the Bondholders) waive the

deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 7.1.

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at

least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are

preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general

application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2

The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, call premiums, costs and expenses, shall

be secured by the Security Interests.

9.

GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY

9.1

Each Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally, jointly and severally:

(a) guarantees to the Bond Trustee (always on behalf of the Bondholders) the punctual performance by each Obligor of their obligations under the Finance Documents;

(b) undertakes with the Bond Trustee that whenever an Obligor does not pay any amount when due under or in connection with any Finance Document, that Guarantor shall immediately on demand pay that amount as if it was the principal Obligor; and

(c) undertakes to indemnify the Bond Trustee immediately on demand against any cost, loss or liability suffered by the Bond Trustee if any obligation guaranteed by it is or becomes unenforceable, invalid or illegal. The amount of the cost, loss or liability shall be equal to the amount which the Bond Trustee would otherwise have been entitled to recover.

9.1.2 The liabilities of each Guarantor under this Clause 9 shall be limited to USD 71,875,000 with the addition of any and all interests, default interests, costs and expenses.

9.1.3

This Guarantee is a continuing guarantee and will extend to the ultimate balance of sums payable by any Obligor under the Finance Documents, regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part.

9.1.4

If any payment by an Obligor or any discharge given by the Bond Trustee (whether in respect of the obligations of any Obligor or any Security for those obligations or otherwise) is avoided or reduced as a result of insolvency or any similar event:

(a) the liability of each Guarantor shall continue as if the payment, discharge, avoidance or reduction had not occurred; and

(b) the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to recover the value or amount of that Security or payment from each Guarantor, as if the payment, discharge, avoidance or reduction had not occurred.

#4436749/54436749/6

19 (7)

9.1.5

The obligations of each Guarantor under this Clause 9 will not be affected by an act, omission, matter or thing which, but for this Clause 9, would reduce, release or prejudice any of its obligations under this Clause 9 (without limitation and whether or not known to it or the Bond Trustee).

9.1.6 The Guarantors shall neither be discharged by, nor have any claim against the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent in respect of:

(a) any amendment or supplement being made to the Bond Agreements or any other document entered into pursuant thereto or in connection therewith;

(b) any arrangement or concession (including a re-scheduling or acceptance of partial payments) relating to, or affecting, any of the Finance Documents;

(c) any release or loss (even though negligent) of any right or security interest created by any of the Finance Documents;

(d) any failure (even though negligent) promptly or properly to exercise or enforce any such right or security interest, including a failure to realise for its full market value an asset covered by such a security interest; or

(e) any other Finance Document, or any related security interest now being or later becoming void, unenforceable, illegal or invalid or otherwise defective for any reason, including a neglect to register it.

9.1.7 Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives:

(a) any requirement that the Bond Trustee (in case of an Event of Default) may have to first make a demand upon or seek to enforce remedies against the Issuer;

(b) any and all defences based on this Guarantee, the creation of this Guarantee and on the Bond Agreement, any Finance Documents and any other underlying relationships, agreements and transactions whatsoever, including, without limitation, any such relationships, agreements or transactions with any third party for security or otherwise, and any right to limit the liability under this Guarantee resulting from any failure to give notice of any kind;

(c) any right to exercise any right of subrogation to the rights of the Bond Trustee under the Bond Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, until such time that no amounts are outstanding under the Bond Agreements and any other Finance Document;

(d) to the fullest extent permitted by law, to the benefits of order (orden), discussion (excusión), division (division), debt reduction (quita), novation (novación), espera and amendment (modificación) which may be available to it under Articles 2813, 2814, 2815, 2817, 2818, 2820, 2821, 2822, 2823, 2827, 2836, 2840, 2842, 2845, 2846, 2847, 2848, 2849 and other related articles of the Mexican Federal Civil Code in effect and the corresponding articles of the Civil Codes of all States of Mexico and the Federal District of Mexico. Each Guarantor incorporated under the laws of Mexico represents that they are familiar with the contents of these articles and agree that they need not be reproduced herein. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held

#4436749/54436749/6

20 (7)

to be invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect any of the remaining provisions; and

(e) any right to claim reimbursement from the Issuer and/or any other Obligor for payment made under this Guarantee until such time that no amounts are outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

9.1.8

To the extent it applies, each Guarantor specifically waives all rights under the provisions of the Norwegian Financial Agreements Act 1999 (No. finansavtaleloven) (as amended) not being mandatory provisions, including (but not limited to) the following provisions (the main contents of the relevant provisions being as indicated in the brackets):

(a) § 63 (1) ­ (2) (to be notified of any Event of Default hereunder and to be kept informed thereof);

(b) § 63 (3) (to be notified of any extension granted to the Issuer in payment of principal and/or interest);

(c) § 63 (4) (to be notified of the Issuer's bankruptcy proceedings or debt reorganisation proceedings and/or any application for the latter);

(d) § 65 (3) (that the consent of a Guarantor is required for the Guarantor to be bound by amendments to the Finance Documents that may be detrimental to its interest);

(e) § 67 (2) (about reduction of a Guarantor's liabilities hereunder since no such reduction shall apply as long as any amount is outstanding under the Finance Documents);

(f) § 67 (4) (that a Guarantor's liabilities hereunder shall lapse after ten (10) years, as that Guarantor shall remain liable hereunder as long as any amount is outstanding under any of the Finance Documents);

(g) § 70 (as no Guarantor shall have any right of subrogation into the rights of the Bond Trustee and / or the Bondholders under the Finance Documents until and unless the Bond Trustee and / or the Bondholders shall have received all amounts due or to become due to them under the Finance Documents);

(h) § 71 (as the Bond Trustee and / or the Bondholders shall have no liability first to make demand upon or seek to enforce remedies against the Issuer or any other Security provided in respect of the Issuer's liabilities under the Finance Documents before demanding payment under or seeking to enforce the obligations of a Guarantor hereunder);

(i) § 72 (as all interest and default interest due under any of the Finance Documents shall be secured by the obligations of a Guarantor hereunder);

(j) § 73 (1) ­ (2) (as all costs and expenses related to an Event of Default under this Agreement shall be secured by the obligations of a Guarantor hereunder); and

#4436749/54436749/6

21 (7)

(k) § 74 (1) ­ (2) (as a Guarantor shall make any claim against the Issuer for payment until and unless the Bond Trustee and / or the Bondholders first shall have received all amounts due or to become due to them under the Finance Documents).

9.1.9

Each Guarantor waives any right it may have of first requiring the Bond Trustee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) to proceed against or enforce any other rights or Security or claim payment from any person before claiming from that Guarantor under this Clause 9. This waiver applies irrespective of any law or any provision of a Finance Document to the contrary.

9.1.10 Until all amounts which may be or become payable by the Obligors under or in connection with the Finance Documents have been irrevocably paid in full, the Bond Trustee may:

(a) refrain from applying or enforcing any other moneys, Security or rights held or received by the Bond Trustee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) in respect of those amounts, or apply and enforce the same in such manner and order as it sees fit (whether against those amounts or otherwise) and no Guarantor shall be entitled to the benefit of the same; and

(b) hold in an interest-bearing suspense account any moneys received from any Guarantor or on account of any Guarantor's liability under this Clause 9.

9.1.11

Until all amounts which may be or become payable by the Obligors under or in connection with the Finance Documents have been irrevocably paid in full and unless the Bond Trustee otherwise directs, no Guarantor will exercise any rights which it may have by reason of performance by it of its obligations under the Finance Documents:

(a) to be indemnified by an Obligor;

(b) to claim any contribution from any other Guarantor of any Obligor's obligations under the Finance Documents; and/or

(c) to take the benefit (in whole or in part and whether by way of subrogation or otherwise) of any rights of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents or of any other guarantee or Security taken pursuant to, or in connection with, the Finance Documents by the Bond Trustee.

9.1.12

If a Guarantor receives any benefit, payment or distribution in relation to such rights it shall hold that benefit, payment or distribution to the extent necessary to enable all amounts which may be or become payable to the Bond Trustee by the Obligors under or in connection with the Finance Documents to be repaid in full on behalf of the Bond Trustee and shall promptly pay or transfer the same to the Bond Trustee or as the Bond Trustee may direct.

10. INTEREST AND CONSENT FEE 10.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue
Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

10.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falling in March 2014.

#4436749/54436749/6

22 (7)

10.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date or one Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

10.4 The day count fraction ("Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

10.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer and the Paying Agent.

10.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest Amount

=

Face

Value

x

Floating

Rate

x

Floating Rate

Day Count Fraction

10.7 The Issuer shall pay any Consent Fee (if applicable) as follows:

(a) on the first Interest Payment Date following the Margin Reset Date , with an amount equal to the amount standing to the credit of available on the Cash Sweep Retention Account (such payment to take priority over other payments from such account on such date)for the avoidance of doubt, prior to any redemption of Bonds or payment of any Distribution) up to a maximum of the applicable Consent Fee multiplied by the Outstanding Bonds; and

(b) on the next subsequent Interest Payment Dates Day pay any unpaid amounts similarly as stated Consent Fee by applying funds available on the Cash Sweep Retention Account as described in (a) above.

11. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

11.1 11.1.1

Maturity and instalments
The Bonds shall be repaid by 9 semi-annual instalments each of USD 2,000,000, commencing on the Interest Payment Date in June 2014 (together the "Instalments"). The Instalments shall be repaid at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).

11.1.2 The residual amount shall be repaid as 10th instalment on the Maturity Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).

11.1.3 Payment of instalments must be carried out pro rata in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository.

#4436749/54436749/6

23 (7)

11.2 11.2.1

Call Option The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole or in part as follows (Call Option):
(a) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2017 at a price equal to 106.50% of par plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount;

(b) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2017 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in June 2018 at a price equal to 104.50% of par plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount; and

(c) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in June 2018 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 102.00% of par plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount.

11.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

11.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository.

11.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

11.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

11.3 11.3.1

Mandatory Prepayment Event
Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Prepayment Event, the Issuer shall, not later than 30 days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event (unless there is an Event of Default in which case it will be promptly), redeem all of the Outstanding Bonds at a price as follows:

(a) if occurring at any time from and including the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2014 at a price equal to 120.00% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds;

(b) if occurring at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2014 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2015 at a price equal to 115.00% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds;

(c) if occurring at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2015, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2016 at a price equal to 112.00% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds;

(d) if occurring at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2017 at a price equal to 106.50% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds;

#4436749/54436749/6

24 (7)

(e) if occurring at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2017 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in June 2018 at a price equal to 104.50% of par value plus accrued interests on the redeemed Bonds; or

(f) If occurring at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date falling in June 2018 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 102.00% of par value plus accrued interests on the redeemed Bonds.

11.3.2 For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption prices above shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date of redemption.

11.3.3 Upon the occurrence of several Mandatory Prepayment Events, the Issuer shall only be obliged to pay one redemption amount.

11.4 11.4.1

Total Loss Event
Upon the occurrence of a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly once insurance proceeds are available, but no later than thirty (30) days after receipt of proceeds and in no event later than 90 days following the Total Loss Event, redeem all outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.

12. PAYMENTS

12.1 12.1.1

Covenant to pay
The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders) all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

12.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 12.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

12.2 12.2.1

Payment mechanics
If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 12.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

12.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 12.3.

12.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders) may instruct the any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 12.2.1 or 12.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

12.2.4 Subject to Clause 12.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 12.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 12.1.1.

#4436749/54436749/6

25 (7)

12.3 12.3.1

Currency
If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

12.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 12.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

12.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

12.4

Set-off and counterclaims No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

12.5 12.5.1

Interest in the event of late payment
In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 10 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

12.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 12.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

12.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 16.1(a), cf. Clauses 16.2 16.4.

12.6

Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

#4436749/54436749/6

26 (7)

13. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

14. COVENANTS

14.1 14.1.1

General
Each Obligor undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 14.

14.2 Information Covenants 14.2.1 Each Obligor shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements of the Issuer and make them available to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts of the Issuer and make them available to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the relevant Quarter Date;

(e) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements of each Guarantor and make them available to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the relevant Quarter Date;

(f) without being requested to do so, provide to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders on a monthly basis with operational reports of vessel utilization, monthly cash balance, and any other report agreed to between the Bond Trustee (acting on instructions from the Bondholders) and the Issuer.

(g) at the request of the Bond Trustee (on instruction from the Bondholders), report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(h) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

#4436749/54436749/6

27 (7)

(i) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(j) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(k) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee (acting on instruction from the Bondholders) may reasonably request.

14.2.2

The Obligors shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 14.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 14, unless the Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders) explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Parent or the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

14.3

General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking

The Obligors shall ensure that their obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers

The Obligors shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Obligors with any other company if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers

The Obligors shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Obligors into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation of business

The Obligors shall not cease to carry on its business, if such cessation would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Obligors shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Obligors from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.

(e) Disposal of business

The Obligors shall not sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, unless (i) the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions, and such transaction would not have a Material

#4436749/54436749/6

28 (7)

Adverse Effect, or (ii) where such disposal comprises the Vessel, the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 11.3.

(f) Arm's length transactions

The Obligors shall not engage in directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the Obligors, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

(g) Corporate status

The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

(h) Compliance with laws

The Obligors shall comply in all respects with all laws to which it may be subject and ensure that no part of the proceeds of the Bonds shall, directly or indirectly, be used or otherwise made available in any other manner that would reasonably be expected to result in any party or any affiliate of such party being in breach of any economic sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes or restrictive measures administered, enacted or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury, the United Nations, the European Union and/or the United Kingdom.

14.4

Special covenants (a) Ownership to Obligors

The Obligors shall be directly or indirectly 99.90% owned Subsidiaries of the Parent and the Parent shall keep de facto control of day to day vessel operations, business operations, and overall business decisions in the Obligors.

(b) Business of the Mexican SPV

The Mexican SPV shall have no other assets or liabilities beyond its reversion rights under the Guarantee Trust over the ownership of 51% of the shares in the Lessee.

(c) New charter contracts

The Obligors shall ensure that any Follow-On Contract shall be entered into directly between the relevant Client and the Issuer or the Lessee, use its commercial best effort to ensure that the collection rights under such Follow-On-Contract are contributed to the Guarantee Trust (and made part of the Trust Estate (patrimonio del fideicomiso) of the Guarantee Trust), and that any new Client under any Follow-On Contract shall transfer all amounts payable under such Follow-On Contract to the Fiduciary Bank under the Guarantee Trust.

(d) Hedging agreements

#4436749/54436749/6

29 (7)

The Issuer shall ensure that 100% of the floating interest rate exposure associated with the Bond Issue is hedged from the period beginning January 1, 2015 to the Final Maturity Date. The Parent or a Subsidiary of the Parent which is not an Obligor shall cover all expenses associated with any interest rate and/or derivative hedge. The Issuer undertakes not to enter into any other interest rate hedge or similar derivative transactions without the prior written consent from the Trustee (with consent from the Bondholders).
(e) Change of auditor
The Issuer shall not change auditor unless prior written approval is received from the Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld).
(f) Dividends and other distributions
The Obligors shall not make any Distributions in exceeding (i) for the calendar year 2014 an amount equal to the aggregate of USD 12,500 per day, or (ii) the amount that may be paid as Distribution pursuant to Clause 14.6.6.
No Distributions shall be made if (i) the Issuer is or will, following such Distribution, not be in compliance with the Financial Covenants set out herein, or (ii) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or occurs as a consequence of such Distribution made.
(g) Financial Indebtedness restrictions
The Obligors shall not incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than:
(i) the Bond Issue (including the Guarantees);
(ii) any Shareholder Loan; and
(iii) any performance guarantees granted for the benefit of the Lessee.
(h) Financial Support
The Obligors shall not grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of security) ("Financial Support") to or for the benefit of the Parent, any of the Parent's Subsidiaries or any third party, other than the Financial Support in connection with the Bond Issue.
(i) Shareholder Loans
The Obligors shall ensure that any existing and future Shareholder Loans shall be fully subordinated in all aspects to the Bonds and subject to an Assignment of Shareholder Loan, with no cash interest or principal payments (scheduled or voluntary) during the term of the Bonds (other than Distributions permitted under 14.6.6), and that the total aggregated amount of Shareholder Loans not exceed USD 10,000,000.
(j) Negative pledge

#4436749/54436749/6

30 (7)

The Obligors shall not create, permit to subsist or allow to exist Security over any of its present or future respective assets or its revenues, other than (i) Security granted to secure the Bond Issue and (ii) any lien arising by the operation of law.

(k) Insurance

The Obligors shall ensure that they will maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice in their relevant jurisdiction including, but not limited to, insurance the Vessel in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement.

14.5

Vessel Covenants (a) Maintenance

The Obligors shall ensure that the Vessel is kept in a good and safe condition and maintained and repaired consistent with prudent ownership and good industry standards. The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of the Vessel and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times. During operation of the Vessel, the Issuer shall ensure that the Vessel Manager runs proper maintenance of the Vessel according to a pre-agreed planned maintenance system.

(b) Insurance

(i) The Issuer shall procure that the Vessel and all relevant equipment is adequately insured at all times with first class insurers in accordance with industry standards for Hull and Machinery, Hull Interest, P&I, War Risk, MII, MRI and MAPI as well as other industry standard insurances of the Vessel and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times.

(ii) The Vessel shall be adequately insured against (i) Hull & Machinery risks at least to the full value of the Vessel and at least 120% of the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents, (ii) P&I insurance for pollution liability as per industry standards, (iii) war risk (including expropriation risk) as per industry standards and (iv) any additional insurance required under any law.

(iii) All insurances shall be maintained with reputable insurers of financial standing as approved by the Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders).

(iv) The Bond Trustee shall be named as an assignee and loss payee on the insurances set out above.

(v) The insurances and loss payee clause shall be in accordance with the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan or other insurances with no less favourable terms.

(c) Title

(i) The Issuer, and after contribution to the Guarantee Trust, the Guarantee Trust, shall hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in its Vessel and the Insurances taken out in respect of the Vessel and assigned to

#4436749/54436749/6

31 (7)

the Bond Trustee, free of any and all Security except for that expressly permitted under this Bond Agreement.

(ii) The Issuer shall not dispose of the Vessel unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 11.4.

(d) Class, flag, name, registry

The Obligors shall ensure that the Vessel maintains its class with Det Norske Veritas or any other classification society which is a member of the IACS, its flag and name, and that it remains registered in Marshall Islands or (as the case may be) Mexico.

(e) Operations in accordance with laws etc.

The Issuer shall ensure that the Vessel is operated in accordance with any relevant laws, regulations, administrative decisions and/or other public authorities as applicable from time to time and jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The Vessel shall not operate in Iran, North Korea, Venezuela or other jurisdictions subject to UN, EU or US sanctions;

(f) Inspection of the Vessel

Upon the request of, and with thirty (30) days prior notice from, the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders, the Issuer or the Lessee (as the case may be) shall allow for a technical adviser appointed by the Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders) to undertake during normal business hours a technical inspection of the Vessel, provided that such inspections are without interference to the daily operation of the Vessel. Such inspections shall be limited to one per calendar year and shall be at the expense of the Issuer (provided that the expenses are acceptable to the Issuer, acting reasonably), provided that on the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default such inspections may be conducted at any time at the Issuer's expense.

(g) Vessel Management Agreement

The Obligors shall not agree to any amendments, supplements, variations or waiver of any terms of the Vessel Management Agreement if any such amendment, supplement, variation or waiver will or may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(h) Vessel Manager

The Obligors shall ensure that the Vessel Manager is not replaced as vessel manager in respect of the Vessel, unless otherwise consented to by the Bond Trustee (acting on instructions from the Bondholders).

14.6 14.6.1

Account Covenants
The Obligors shall ensure that the Fiduciary Bank distributes all payments made to it upon the deposit being made or at the latest on Monday of each week, whichever of the two occurs first, strictly in accordance with the following order of priority:
(a) transfer to Ocean Mexicana the Value Added Tax ("VAT") amounts of paid invoices derived from the Existing Contract or to the Lessee VAT amounts of paid invoices derived from Follow-on Contracts; and

#4436749/54436749/6

32 (7)

(b) transfer the remaining amounts to the Earnings Account.

14.6.2

For as long as the Vessel is working under the Existing Contract, the Issuer shall instruct the Account Bank (such instructions to be confirmed by the Bond Trustee) to apply the amounts in the Earnings Account on the last business day of each month, strictly in accordance with the following order of priority:
(i) pay to the Vessel Manager any due and unpaid amounts under the Vessel Management Agreement;

(ii) pay to the Debt Service Retention Account (i) an amount equal to 1/3 of the next coupon payment under the Bond Issue and (ii) an amount equal to 1/6 of the next Instalment (or, as the case may be, the applicable residual amount payable on the Maturity Date). Notwithstanding the above, the monthly amount payable to the Debt Service Retention Account for the next Instalment payment during the first 6 months period after Issue Date shall be 1/6 of the difference between USD 2,000,000 and USD 1,250,000;

(iii) pay to the CapEx Retention Account an amount equal to (i) from the Issue Date to 31 March 2016, USD 126,000 monthly up to a maximum aggregate amount of USD 3,404,000, and (ii) from 31 March 2016 to the Maturity Date, USD 33,500 monthly up to a maximum of USD 1,105,000;

(iv) pay to the Minimum Liquidity Account the difference between the amounts standing to the credit of the Minimum Liquidity Account and USD 5,000,000;

(v) pay to Ocean Mexicana an amount equal to USD 12,500 per day calculated on an actual/365 days basis; and

(vi) any remaining amount to be retained within the Earnings Account.

14.6.3

For as long as the Vessel is working under a Follow-On Contract, the Issuer shall instruct the Account Bank (such instructions to be confirmed by the Bond Trustee) to apply the amounts in the Earnings Account on the last business day of each month, strictly in accordance with the following order of priority:
(i) pay to the Vessel Manager any due and unpaid amounts under the Vessel Management Agreement;

(ii) pay to the Debt Service Retention Account (i) an amount equal to 1/3 of the next coupon payment under the Bond Issue and (ii) an amount equal to 1/6 of the next Instalment (or, as the case may be, the applicable residual amount payable on the Maturity Date);

(iii) pay to the CapEx Retention Account an amount equal to (i) for the period from the Issue Date until 31 March 2016, USD 126,000 monthly up to a maximum aggregate amount of USD 3,404,000 and (ii) from 31 March 2016 until the Maturity Date, USD 33,500 monthly up to a maximum of USD 1,105,000 for the period;

(iv) pay to the Minimum Liquidity Account the difference between the amounts standing to the credit of the Minimum Liquidity Account and USD 5,000,000;

#4436749/54436749/6

33 (7)

(v) pay any remaining amount to the Cash Sweep Retention Account; and

(vi) any remaining amount to be retained within the Earnings Account.

14.6.4

The Issuer may instruct the Account Bank (such instructions to be confirmed by the Bond Trustee (acting on instructions from the Bondholders)) to release from the CapEx Retention Account:
(i) on or about 31 March 2014, an amount equal to USD 150,000 to effect an advance payment to the Vessel Manager as payment to secure the Planned DrydockingIntermediate Suervey;

(ii) on or about 31 March 2016, an amount equal to USD 1,900,000 to the Vessel Manager to secure availability of the drydock for the Planned Drydocking, and an amount equal to USD 1,376,000 to the Guarantee Trust on or about 30 April 2016 to follow the Applications of Earnings for Follow-on Contracts.

14.6.5 14.6.6

The Issuer shall apply the amounts in the Debt Service Retention Account solely for the purpose of paying the Instalments and the interest accrued thereon.
The Issuer may instruct the Account Bank (such instructions to be confirmed by the Bond Trustee (acting on instructions from the Bondholders)) to release from the Cash Sweep Retention Account (i) the Consent Fee in accordance with Clause 10.7 hereto, and (ii) on a semi-annual basis commencing on the Interest Payment Date falling 18 months after the Issue Date and applied as follows:
(i) 72.50% to be applied for redemption of the Bonds (including accrued interest and call premium) at a price equal to the to the call option levels applicable at such time (however so that the price to but not including the Interest Payment Date in December 2016 shall be equal to [106%] of par plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount); and

(ii) 27.50% to be applied as Distribution.

14.7

Financial Covenants (a) Minimum Liquidity

The Issuer shall maintain a minimum of USD 5,000,000 in the Minimum Liquidity Account.

(b) Asset Coverage Ratio

The Issuer shall ensure that the Market Value of the Vessel is at least 125% of the sum of Outstanding Bonds less the aggregate of (i) Minimum Liquidity, (ii) amounts standing to the credit of the Debt Service Retention Account and (iii) any Additional Security (as defined below).

(c) Additional security

If the Market Value of the Vessel is not sufficient to meet the requirements in (b) above, the Issuer shall be entitled to provide cash security into the Minimum Liquidity Account (the difference of the Minimum Liquidity and the amount standing to the credit of the Minimum Liquidity Account hereinafter the "Additional Security") to again become compliant, which shall be in place until the aggregate of the Market Value of Vessel, the

#4436749/54436749/6

34 (7)

Minimum Liquidity and amounts accredited to the Debt Service Retention Account is again sufficient to meet the covenant at which point the Additional Security shall be released from the Minimum Liquidity Account. The Issuer shall within 5 Business Days after providing Additional Security provide a compliance certificate addressed to the Bond Trustee, confirming compliance with the Financial Covenants.
(d) Compliance
The Issuer and the Guarantors shall comply with the above Financial Covenants at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date (save for the Asset Cover Ratio which will be measured on a semi-annually basis) and certified by the Issuer with each annual Financial Statement and Interim Report.
15. FEES AND EXPENSES 15.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the
Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
15.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
15.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.
15.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
15.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
15.6 If the Obligors are required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Obligor shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and

#4436749/54436749/6

35 (7)

(b) the Obligor shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
15.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 - Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
16. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16.1 The Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders) may declare the Bonds to be
in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee (acting on instructions from the Bondholder), it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach of other obligations
Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee (acting on instructions from the Bondholders), such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default
If for any Obligor:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of USD 1,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
(d) Misrepresentations

#4436749/54436749/6

36 (7)

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency
(i) Any Obligor is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.
(ii) The value of the assets of any Obligor or the Parent is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).
(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any Obligor or the Parent.
(f) Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If for any Obligor or the Parent, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) its dissolution,
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.
(g) Creditors' process
Any Obligor or the Parent has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.
(h) Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor or the Parent to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

#4436749/54436749/6

37 (7)

(i) Failure to change ship registry

If the Vessel has not changed ship registry from the Marshall Islands Registry to the Mexican Ship Registry in accordance with Clause 7.1 hereto within 30 Business Days after the Issue Date.

(j) Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee (acting on instructions from the Bondholders), after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

16.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 16.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can (subject to consent from the Bondholders), in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, but always subject to consent from the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

16.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 16.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/3 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

16.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 16.2 or 16.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 11.2.

17. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

17.1 17.1.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

#4436749/54436749/6

38 (7)

17.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

17.1.3 If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 18.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

17.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 17.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/3 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

17.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

17.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

17.2.4

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

17.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

17.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

17.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

17.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present,

#4436749/54436749/6

39 (7)

the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

17.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and ­ provided the Bonds are listed ­ representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

17.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

17.3 17.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

17.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

17.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 17.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

17.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 17.3.5.

17.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

#4436749/54436749/6

40 (7)

17.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

17.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.4 17.4.1

Repeated Bondholders' meeting
If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 17.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

17.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17.5 17.5.1

Written Bondholders Resolutions
Anything which may be done by resolution of the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting may be done by written resolution without a Bondholders' Meeting, subject to the following conditions:

(a) notice of a written resolution shall be given, and a copy of the resolution shall be circulated to all Bondholders who would be entitled to attend a Bondholders' Meeting and vote thereon, in a form and manner acceptable to the Bond Trustee. The accidental omission to give notice to, or the non-receipt of a notice by, any Bondholders does not invalidate the passing of a resolution.

(b) A written resolution is passed when it is signed by or on behalf of Bondholders who, at the date that the notice is given and the date when the resolution is signed:

(i) would be entitled to attend a Bondholders' Meeting and vote thereon; and
(ii) represent such majority of votes as would be required if the resolution was voted on at a Bondholders' Meeting at which all Bondholders entitled to attend and vote thereat were present and voting.

(c) A resolution in writing may be signed in any number of counterparts.

(d) A resolution in writing made in accordance with this Bond Agreement is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any provision of this Bond Agreement to a Bondholders' Meeting at which a resolution is passed or to Bondholders voting in favour of a resolution shall be construed accordingly.

17.5.2

For the purposes of this Clause 17.5, the effective date of the resolution is the date when the resolution is signed by or on behalf of the last Bondholder whose signature results in the necessary voting majority being achieved and any reference in any provision of this Bond Agreement to the date of passing of a resolution is, in relation to a resolution made in accordance with this Clause, 17.5, a reference to such date.

#4436749/54436749/6

41 (7)

18. THE BOND TRUSTEE

18.1 18.1.1

The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

18.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

18.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

18.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 18.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

18.1.5

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 18 or elsewhere in this Bond Agreement to the contrary, by its purchase of its Bond(s), each Bondholder shall be deemed to have appointed and authorized the Bond Trustee to act as security trustee on behalf of the Bondholders with regard to (i) the security, powers, rights, titles, benefits and interests (both present and future) constituted by and conferred thereon under, or pursuant to, the Mortgage (including, without limitation, the benefit of all covenants, undertakings, representations, warranties and obligations given, made or undertaken by the Issuer in the Mortgage), (ii) all monies, property and other assets paid or transferred thereto or vested therein or in any agent thereof or received or recovered thereby or by any agent thereof pursuant to, or in connection with, the Mortgage, whether from the Issuer or any other person, and (iii) all monies, investments, property or other assets at any time representing or deriving from any of the foregoing, including all interest, income and other sums at any time received or receivable thereby or by any agent thereof in respect of the same (or any part thereof). The Bond Trustee, by its acceptance and agreement hereto, hereby accepts

#4436749/54436749/6

42 (7)

its appointment but shall have no obligations or liabilities as security trustee under the Mortgage except those expressly set forth in this Bond Agreement and the Mortgage.

18.1.6 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 18.1.3 or 18.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

18.1.7 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

18.1.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 18.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

18.1.9 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 17.3.5.

18.1.10 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

18.1.11 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

18.2 18.2.1

Liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

18.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

18.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 16.3(a) or 17.2.1(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

18.3 18.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 17. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

#4436749/54436749/6

43 (7)

18.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 15, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

18.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

18.4 Appointment of Security Agent 18.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

18.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

18.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

19. 19.1

MISCELLANEOUS
The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

#4436749/54436749/6

44 (7)

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

19.2 19.2.1

Defeasance
The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 19.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (subject to consent from the Bondholders) (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for nonNorwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee on instructions from the Bondholders regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any

#4436749/54436749/6

45 (7)

certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of each Obligor or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

19.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 19.2.1:

(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 14, except Clauses 14.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee (acting on instructions of the Bondholders) may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(d) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) ­ (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

19.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

19.3

Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

19.4 19.4.1

Access to information
The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

#4436749/54436749/6

46 (7)

19.5

Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

19.6 19.6.1

Notices, contact information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

19.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

19.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

19.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

19.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

#4436749/54436749/6

47 (7)

19.7 19.7.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

19.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph 17.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

19.7.3

Clause 19.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

19.7.4

Notwithstanding the above, with respect to any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Bond Agreement involving any Guarantor incorporated under the laws of Mexico, each of the parties hereto (i) expressly, irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue; (ii) expressly, irrevocably and unconditionally waives any other jurisdiction to which it may be entitled by reason of its present or future domicile or otherwise; and (iii) expressly, irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to those courts on the ground of venue or forum non conveniens.

19.8

Process Agent
The Issuer and the Guarantors shall, prior to the Issue Date and in terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

*****

#4436749/54436749/6

48 (7)

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

SIGNATORIES:

SIGNED, SEALED and DELIVERED as a DEED

)

by

)

as attorney-in-fact for and on behalf of

)

Blue Pioneer Pte. Ltd.

)

in the presence of:

)

___________________________________ Witness' signature Name:

Mexican SPV:

Lessee:

By: ________________________________ Name: Title:

By: ________________________________ Name: Title:

Bond Trustee:
By: ________________________________ Name: Title:

#4436749/54436749/6

49 (7)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

Blue Pioneer Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018 - ISIN 001 0699770
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 14.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date

of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 14 are satisfied;

3.

all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

4.

the Asset Cover Ratio as of [date] is XX

5.

the value of the Vessel as of [date] is XX, see enclosed statement from XX

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Blue Pioneer Pte. Ltd.

___________________ Name of authorized person

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

#4436749/54436749/6

50 (7)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE ­ ESCROW ACCOUNT

[date]

Dear Sirs,
Blue Pioneer Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018 - ISIN 001 0699770 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
NX
___________________ Name of authorized person

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

#4436749/54436749/6

51 (7)

