ISIN: NO 001 0584683
Amendment Agreement NO 5 to
the Bond Agreement between
Interoil Exploration and Production ASA ("Issuer") and
Nordic Trustee ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 15.00 per cent InterOil Exploration & Production ASA Senior Secured
Callable Bond Issue 2010/2014

This Amendment Agreement NO 5 (the "Agreement") is dated on 19 November 2014 and made between:
(1) Interoil Exploration and Production ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company NO: 988 247 006) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Nordic Trustee ASA (previously known as Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
WHEREAS:
(A) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee have on 8 September 2010 entered into a loan agreement which was subsequently amended through an Amendment Agreement NO 1 dated 8 April 2013, an Amendment Agreement NO 2 dated 19 August 2013, an Amendment Agreement NO 3 dated 4 March 2014 and an Amendment Agreement NO 4 dated 4 April 2014 (as amended, the "Bond Agreement") in respect of the bond issue with ISIN NO 001 0584683.
(B) The background for the amendments in this Agreement is specified in the summons to Bondholders' meetings dated 3 November 2014.
(C) In the Bondholders' meetings held 17 November 2014, the Bondholders approved, and authorised the Bond Trustee, on behalf of the Bondholders, to enter into this Agreement and to cany out any necessaiy completion work.
(D) The Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Issuer have now agreed to amend the Bond Agreement on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement.
IT IS AGREED as follows:
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERFPRETATION
In this Agreement:
(a) "Effective Time" means the time that closing of the all the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement has occurred in accordance with Clause 2 of the Transaction Agreement.
(b) "Transaction Agreement" means the transaction agreement dated 29 October 2014 between the Issuer and United Oilfield Colombia, Inc. regarding the sale by the Issuer of its subsidiary Interoil Exploration and Production Latin America AS to United Oilfield Colombia, Inc..
(c) unless the context otherwise requires, a term defined in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) of the Bond Agreement has the same meaning when used in this Agreement; and
(1
2

(d) the principles of construction set out in Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Bond Agreement shall have the effect as if set out in this Agreement.
2. REPRESENTATIONS The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 under Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by reference to the facts and circumstances existing on the date of this Agreement.
However, the repetition is qualified by the information contained in;
(a) the stock exchange notification issued by the Issuer on 25 March 2013 regarding a potential lawsuit against the Issuer filed by Eksportconsult AS;
(b) the prospectus published by the Issuer on 25 March 2013;
(c) note 28 to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for 2013 regarding the lawsuit against Petrocarbon Investment SA ("PCI") by the Issuer and Interoil Exploration and Production Latin America AS ("LATAM") to the Oslo city court of 23 June 2014, disputing a claim for payment made by PCI against the Issuer and LATAM in relation to certain intragroup loans that PCI alleges to have acquired for collection from Interoil Peru SA;
(d) the stock exchange notification issued by the Issuer on 10 October 2014 regarding a termination resolution made by the National Agency of Hydrocarbons in Colombia; and
(e) the stock exchange notification issued by the Issuer on 27 October 2014 regarding a potential refinancing of the Issuer.
3. AMENDMENT
3.1 Amendment
With irrevocable and unconditional effect from the Effective Time, the Bond Agreement will be amended as follows:
Clause 1.1 will be amended as follows:
The definition of "General Pledge" under Clause 1.1 will be amended to:
"General Pledge " means a pledge over, inter alia, receivables and bank accounts and, in relation to UP Colombia Holding AS, to include pledges over machinery, real property, inventory and insurances or similar security from UP Colombia Holding AS, established infavour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalfo f the Bondholders).
The definition of "Guarantees" under Clause 1.1 will be amended to:
4 -
3

"Guarantees" means the unconditional and irrevocable guarantees from UP Colombia Holding AS (to the extent permitted under applicable law), established in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalfo f the Bondholders.
The definition of "Hydrocarbon Resources" under Clause 1.1 will be amended to:
"Hydrocarbon Resources" means the 70% owner share and operatorship in the producing concession Puli-C. The definition of "Subsidiaries" under Clause 1.1 will be amended to:
"Subsidiaries "means, for the purpose o f this Bond Agreement, thefollowing directly and indirectly 100% owned subsidiaries o fthe Issuer:
(i) UP Colombia Holding AS (Norway) (registration no. 912 384 551) being a 100% owned subsidiary o f the Issuer; and
(ii) InterOil Colombia Exploration & Production Inc (British Virgin Island) (whichfor the avoidance o f doubt shall include the branch InterOil Colombia Exploration & Production Inc (Colombia)), being a 100% owned subsidiary o f UP Colombia Holding AS.
The definition of "Preferred Senior Debt Borrowers" under Clause 1.1 will be amended to: "Preferred Senior Debt Borrower" means Interoil Colombia Exploration and Production Inc.
The definition of "Preferred Senior Debt" under Clause 1.1 will be amended to:
"Preferred Senior Debt" means up to USD 20 million secured debt advanced by the Preferred Senior Lender to Interoil Colombia Exploration and Production Inc. (Colombia), as increased pursuant to the provisions applicable for a Preferred Senior Debt Increase.
The definition of "Preferred Senior Debt Increase" under Clause 1.1 will be amended to:
"Preferred Senior Debt Increase" means an increase o f the principal amount o fsecured debt advanced to the Preferred Senior Debt Borrower above USD 20 million.
The definition of "Security Interest" under Clause 1.1 will be amended as follows: Sub-paragraph (iv) and (v) will be amended to:
(iv) the General Pledge; (v) the Share Charge;
The definition of "Share Charge" under Clause 1.1 will be amended to:
4

"Share Charge " means the share pledges/charges over all o f the shares (100%) in UP Colombia Holding AS. Clause 13.6 (cT) will be amended to: (d) Registry The Issuer shall ensure that the Hydrocarbon Resources remains registered in the relevant registries maintained by Agenda Nacional de Hidrocarburos. Clause 13.7 (TOwill be amended as follows: The first paragraph of Clause 13.7(b) will be amended to: Notwithstanding the limitations in Clause Error! Reference source notfound, above, the Preferred Senior Debt Borrower (and its branch) shall also be entitled to incur: The final paragraph of Clause 13.7(b) will be deleted in its entirety.
3.2 Continuing obligations The provisions of the Bond Agreement shall, save as amended and restated by this Agreement, continue in full force and effect. References to the Bond Agreement in any other document shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.
4. MISCELLANEOUS 4.1 Incorporation of terms
The provisions Clause 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Agreement" are also references to this Agreement.
4.2 Additional Finance Document This Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Bond Agreement. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that, with effect from the date of this Agreement, each reference in any Finance Document to the Bond Agreement shall be construed as a reference also to this Agreement. References to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.
5. GOVERNING LAW This Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.
5

Interoil Exploration and Production ASA

Nordic Trustee ASA

