ISIN NO 001 067558.0
AMENDMENT AGREEMENT dated 25 October 2017 to the Bond Agreement
originally dated 23 April 2013, as amended and restated on 22 September 2014 between
Atlantica Tender Drilling Limited (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd. Second Lien Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019

#7060693/10

1 (8)

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1. THE SCOPE OF THE AMENDMENT AGREEMENT...........................................................3 2. DEFINITIONS................................................................................................... 3 3. AMENDMENTS TO THE BOND AGREEMENT.................................................................3 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.....................................................................6 5. MISCELLANEOUS.............................................................................................. 6

SCHEDULE 1 Conditions Precedent

#7060693/10

2 (8)

ISIN NO 001 067558.0

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT is dated 25 October 2017 and made between:

(1)

Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd. (a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with

registration number 42347 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2)

Nordic Trustee ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

THE SCOPE OF THE AMENDMENT AGREEMENT

The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments to the bond agreement relating to the bond issue "Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd. Second Lien Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019" ISIN NO 001 067558.0 (the "Bond Agreement"), based on the resolution adopted at the Bondholders' Meeting held on 21 June 2017.

2.

DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement, including the preamble hereto (unless the context otherwise requires), all capitalised terms or expressions shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Bond Agreement unless otherwise explicitly defined herein.

"Agreement" means this amendment agreement.

"Effective Date" means the date when the Bond Trustee has confirmed in writing to the Issuer that it has received all of the documents and evidence set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions precedent), each in a form and substance satisfactory to it, the date of delivery of the conditions precedent to be no later than 30 November 2017. The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Schedule 1 (Conditions precedent).

"HoldCo Holland" means Atlantica (Holding) B.V., a company registered in Holland with trade register number 67619762 and 100% directly owned by Interco.

"HoldCo Holland Share Pledge" means a share pledge granted by the Interco over all of the shares (100%) in HoldCo Holland, together with (to the extent legally possible), inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members under relevant law.

3.

AMENDMENTS TO THE BOND AGREEMENT

The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(a) A new definition of "Atlantica International" shall be included in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement:

""Atlantica International" means Atlantica International B.V., a company registered in Holland with trade register number 67619762 and 100% directly owned by HoldCo Holland."

(b) The definition of "Beta Operator" in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement be amended by replacing "Beta Charterer" with "HoldCo Holland".

(c) The definition of "Beta Operator Share Pledge" in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement shall read as follows:

#7060693/10

3 (8)

""Beta Operator Share Pledge" means a pledge granted by the HoldCo Holland and the Rig Manager over all of the shares in the Beta Operator, together with (to the extent legally possible), inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members under relevant law."
(d) The definition of "Guarantors" in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement shall be amended by including HoldCo Holland as Guarantor together with the other Guarantors.
(e) A new definition of "HoldCo Holland" shall be included in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement:
""HoldCo Holland" means Atlantica (Holding) B.V., a company registered in Holland with trade register number 67619762 and 100% directly owned by Interco."
(f) A new definition of "HoldCo Holland Share Pledge" shall be included in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement:
""HoldCo Holland Share Pledge" means a share pledge granted by the Interco over all of the shares (100%) in HoldCo Holland, together with (to the extent legally possible), inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members under relevant law."
(g) The definition of "Security Interests" in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement be amended by adding:
"(p) HoldCo Holland Share Pledge;"
(h) Clause 13.10 (a) of the Bond Agreement shall be deleted.
(i) Clause 13.4 (a) (Ownership to Obligors) shall be amended by including "and HoldCo Holland" after "the Beta Charterer".
(j) Clause 13.13 (a) (Ownership) shall be amended by including "and HoldCo Holland" after "the Rig Owners".
(k) A new Clause 13.15 (HoldCo Holland Covenants) shall be included in the Bond Agreement:
"13.15 HoldCo Holland Covenants
The Issuer shall procure that HoldCo Holland complies with the covenants in this Clause 13.15.
(a) Mergers
It shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of HoldCo Holland with any other companies or entities.

#7060693/10

4 (8)

(b) De-mergers

It shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of HoldCo Holland into two or more separate companies or entities.

(c)

Continuation of business

Not cease to carry out its business or substantial change the general nature of its business.

(d) Single Purpose Company

Remain a single-purpose company, owning the Beta Operator and Atlantica International B.V..

(e) Arm's length transactions

Not enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

(f)

Corporate status

Not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

(g)

Compliance with laws

Carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(h)

Ownership

It shall maintain a 100% (direct) ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights of the Beta Operator and Atlantica International.

(i)

Disposal of Business

It shall not sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations.

(j)

Constitutional Documents

Not amend its constitutional documents. Any amendment relating to the issuance of new shares in connection with conversion of debt to equity or otherwise is permitted, provided that such shares are subject to a Security Interest.

(k)

Restrictions on contractual obligations

Not agree to any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting its right to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders.

#7060693/10

5 (8)

(l)

No financial support

Not grant any loans, guarantees, security or other financial assistance to any party, other than (A) the guarantees and security granted by it as security for the Bond Issue, Senior Bank Facility and Permitted Hedging and (B) Intra-Group Loans.

(m) Negative Pledge

Not create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for security granted as security for the Bond Issue, the Senior Bank Facility and Permitted Hedging.

(n) Financial Indebtedness Restrictions and restriction on other liabilities

Not incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness or other liabilities (including without limitations advances owing to any Group Company, trade credits and performance bonds), other than Intra-Group Loans.

(o)

Investment Restrictions

Not invest or take part in any other activity than solely related to the ownership of the Beta Operator and Atlantica International."

4.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Issuer represents and warrants, on the date of this Amendment Agreement and on the Effective Date, that the representations and warranties in Clause 7.1 (Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement, except for Clause 7.1 (h) in the Bond Agreement, are true and correct in all material respect.

5.

MISCELLANEOUS

(a) The provisions of the Finance Documents shall, save as amended by this Agreement, continue in full force and effect. All references in each Finance Document to the Bond Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Bond Agreement as amended by this Agreement.

(b) The Issuer hereby confirm, agree and undertake, that each and all the Security Interests provided and/or created by them under the Security Documents shall continue in full force and effect as security for the obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents (including the Bond Agreement as amended by this Agreement).

(c) The provisions of Clause 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Bond Agreement" are references to this Agreement.

(d) This Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Bond Agreement.

*

*

*

#7060693/10

6 (8)

Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd.

Nordic Trustee ASA

Issuer

. Bond Trustee

VIVIAN TRØSCH
ADVOKATMNA

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

#7060693/10

7(8)

Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd.

Nordic Trustee ASA

......
U\%B % . O S IS -1^ lssuer ( C o ( m o c u e x o *>- W * )

Bond Trustee

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

#7060693/10

7 (8)

SCHEDULE 1 Conditions Precedent

1.

This Agreement, duly executed.

2.

Copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the relevant Obligors.

3.

A power of attorney from the relevant Obligors to relevant individuals for their execution

of the Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation

evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the such documents on behalf of the

relevant Obligor.

4.

Copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the

relevant Obligors, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of

Association (or equivalent) of the relevant Obligors.

5.

The first amendment to the agreement for the fiduciary transfer of quotas in respect of the

Beta Operator.

6.

The HoldCo Holland Share Pledge.

7.

A Senior Bank Accounts Pledge over any bank account of HoldCo Holland (subject to the

threshold in Clause 13.5 (c) of the Bond Agreement), if applicable.

8.

Accession letter from HoldCo Holland to the Intercreditor Agreement

9.

Consent from the Agent to the Bond Trustee to the amendments which relates to

representations, warranty, undertaking or event of default under this Agreement.

10.

Any legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee.

11.

Any other document or other evidence reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee.

#7060693/10

8 (8)

