ISINNO 001 028756.8
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Mosvold Drilling Ltd. (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA on behalf of Bondholders in bond issue
9.25 per cent Mosvold Drilling Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2005/2010 with Call Option

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

4

3 Listing

4

4 Registration m a Securities Depoj itory

4

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

5

6. Conditions Precedent

6

7 Representations and Warranties

6

8 Status of the Loan and negative pledge

7

9 Interest

8

10 Maturity of the Loan

8

11 Interest in the event of late payment

8

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

9

13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan

9

14 Fees and expenses

10

15 Events of Default

11

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

12

17 Procedural rules

13

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16

19 Change of Bondholder's representative

15

20 Limitation

17

2 1 Dispute resolution and legal venue

17

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 13 October 2005 between Mosvold Drilling Ltd, a company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with registered address at Ugland House, South Church Street, George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands British West Indies as Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, a Norwegian corporation with Company No 963 342 624 as Loan Trustee.

Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i e ):

* The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that

information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.

*

.

.

.

The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders' subscription been granted authority to

act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.

The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Bondholders:

the registered holders of the Bonds in the Securities Depository from time to time.

Bonds:

the individual bonds in denominations of USD 100,000 in aggregate constituting the Loan.

Borrower's Bonds:

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or by any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Construction Contract:

the agreement between the Borrower and Samsung dated 11 October 2005 for the construction of the Drillship.

Disbursement Date:

shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 2.1.

Drillship:

the 6th generation ultra deepwater drillship, to be constructed as hull no 1657 at Samsung in South Korea pursuant to the Construction Agreement with expected delivery in June 2008.

Exchange:

a securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements (in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee) as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or where the Borrower has applied for the Loan to be listed.

Outstanding Loan:

Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

Payment Date:

in relation to the Loan the dates specified fc payment of interest or principal. If Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the next following Banking Day.

Pledged Assets:

the assets pledged according to Clause 8.2 - 8.5 hereof,

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.

Samsung:

the shipyard Samsung Heavy Industries Co. Ltd. in South Korea.

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirregisteret ("VPS").

Securities Depository Act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depositories.

2 The Loan

2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of Bonds with an aggregate principal amount of USD 80 000 000 (US dollar eighty million), herein referred to as "the Loan".
The Bonds will each be in denominations of USD 100,000 and rank pari passu in relation to each other.
The Loan will be described as "9.25 per cent Mosvold Drilling Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2005/2010 with Call Option".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be: NO 001 028756.8.
The term of the Loan is from and including 13 October 2005 ("Disbursement Date") to 13 October 2010.
The net proceeds of the Loan shall be employed for the purpose of partly financing the construction of the Drillship.
3 Listing

3.1 The Borrower will apply for listing of the Loan on Oslo Børs in connection with listing of the borrowers shares at the Oslo Børs.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository

4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered with a Securities Depository in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Depository Act and such other conditions set by the Securities Depository for such registration.

4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan with a copy to the Loan Trustee.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for ensuring the correct registration of the Loan with the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified to execute such registration according to relevant legislation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with applicable law and regulations monitor the Borrower's performance of its obligations under the Loan Agreement and protect the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia by,
- monitoring the Borrower's fulfillment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement,
- exercising necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee under the Loan Agreement,
- arrange for the proper establishment and maintenance of valid and enforceable security in the Pledged Assets and (if applicable) keep the Pledged Assets on behalf, and for the benefit, of the Bondholders only,
- ensure that valid decisions made by the Bondholders' meetings are duly executed,
- make the decisions and implement the measures that are the responsibility of the Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement,
- forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received by the Trustee in its capacity as `Bondholders'representative,
- verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and
- provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of facts and circumstances which are of importance for the listing and quotation of the Loan; provided however that the Loan Trustee shall only be responsible for informing the Exchange hereunder if the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of such facts or circumstances and the Borrower has failed to fulfill its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been requested to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholders' representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to make any assessment of the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.

6. Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least three Banking days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly signed, (b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Borrower and Mosvold
Shipping Ltd necessary to issue the Bonds and sign the Loan Agreement,
(c) certified copies of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Borrower and documentation evidencing the identity and authority of the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(d) to the extent deemed necessary by the Loan Trustee, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian Law,
(e) confirmation that the Loan has been registered with a Securities Depository, (g) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly signed by the Borrower, (h) evidence of assignment according to Clause 8.2,
(j) legal opinions from the Borrower's external lawyer(s) in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee in respect of the security for the Loan, as reasonably required from the Loan Trustee, and
(k) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan. 6.2 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to the
above. 6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above being fulfilled, the Loan will be transferred to
the Borrower at the Disbursement Date.
7 Representations and Warranties 7.1 The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) all documents and information, including the term sheet and loan description issued in connection with the Bondholders' subscription to the Loan presents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Loan Agreement,
6f

(b) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required to be obtained by the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid and in force and
(c) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of a breach of the representations and warranties given by the Borrower herein.
8 Status of the Loan and Security
8.1 The Loan shall rankpari passu with all other existing senior debt of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 From the Disbursement Date and until delivery of the Drillship (expected to be June 2008), the Loan will be secured by first priority assignment in the Construction Contract, and any performance guarantees issued thereunder.
The assignment shall not operate to block the Borrower from selling or transferring at any time to any affiliate or third party only the options for the construction of further drillships at Samsung granted to the Borrower in the Construction Contract.
The Loan Trustee shall to the extent necessary promptly on request from the Borrower make the necessary arrangements to enable the transfer of such options in an unencumbered form to such affiliate or third party.
8.3 After delivery of the Drillship, the assignment established according to Clause 8.2 will be replaced by second priority mortgage in the Drillship. The Drillship will not be second priority mortgaged by any other debt than the Loan. The maximum level of debt secured by any first priority mortgage in the Drillship shall be USD 240 million at the time of establishment of the second priority mortgage in the Drillship. The first priority mortgage shall thereafter be reduced annually by minimum USD 20 million per year up to maturity of the Loan. Accordingly, assuming delivery of the Drillship in June 2008, the maximum level of debt with first priority mortgage in the Drillship at maturity of the Loan is USD 200 million.
The assignment established according to Clause 8.2 will be released when the second priority mortgage has been duly established in the Drillship.
8.4 If the Borrower is unable to establish valid and enforceable security through an assignment of the Construction Contract, the Borrower shall instead establish a whollyowned subsidiary. The Construction Contract shall be transferred to such subsidiary and the Borrower shall grant the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders a first priority share mortgage in all the Borrower's shares (100% ownership) in the subsidiary. Maximum level of debt in the subsidiary shall be USD 240 million. After delivery of the Drillship, there will be established second priority mortgage in the Drillship as described above.

9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including the Disbursement Date at a fixed rate of 9.25 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made semiannually in arrears on 13 April and 13 October each year, the first Payment Date being 13 April 2006.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year with twelve 30-day months, unless
a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or
b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
10 Maturity, Call Option and mandatory prepayment of the Loan
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in full on 13 October 2010, at par value (1 00%).
10.2 Subject to clause 10.3, if the Construction Contract or the Drillship is sold or transferred to a party other than a wholly owned subsidiary of the Borrower, the Borrower shall redeem the Remaining Loan in full ("Mandatory Redemption") (i) at a price equal to 108% of par value (plus accrued interest) if the Construction Contract or the Drillship is sold or disposed of any time between 13 October 2005 and 12 October 2006, (ii) at a price equal to 107% of par value (plus accrued interest) if the Construction Contract or the Drillship is sold or disposed of any time between 13 October 2006 and 12 October 2007, (iii) at a price of 106% of par value (plus accrued interest) if the Construction Contract or the Drillship is sold or disposed of any time between 13 October 2007 and 12 October 2008 and (iv) at a price of 104.50% of par value (plus accrued interest) if the Construction Contract or the Drillship is sold or disposed of any time thereafter until maturity of the Loan.
10.3 For the avoidance of doubt. the Mandatory Redemption of the Loan according to clause 10.2 shall not apply in the event of a sale or transfer by the Borrower solely of the options for the construction of further drillships at Samsung granted to the Borrower in the Construction Contract,
10.4 The Borrower may redeem the Remaining Loan or any portion of the Remaining Loan at any time from and including 13 October 2008 at a price equal to 104.50 per cent of par value ("Call Option"). Should the Borrower exercise the Call Option, the Bondholders must be informed of this in writing via the Securities Depository no later than 30 - thirty - Banking Days before the date of redemption. If listed, the Exchange shall immediately be informed.
8

Partial redemption of the Remaining Loan shall be carried out by the drawing of lots between the Bonds through the Securities Depository.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be cancelled and applied for reduction of the Remaining Loan.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Interest Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 4 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2- 15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right at any time to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall: (a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or ought to understand may lead to a default of the Loan, (b) of his own accord send to the Loan Trustee his annual reports as soon as they are available, (c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds, (d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications issued by the Borrower pursuant to Cayman Islands statutory requirements;, (e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations, (f) provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Drillship, and fulfill its obligation under the Construction Contract, and
9

(g) within a reasonable time limit provide such information about the Borrower's financial condition, and the condition of the Pledged Assets, as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request.
13.2 The Borrower shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting (subject to Clause 16):
(a) cease to carry on its business,
(b) (i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of other assets not mentioned in clause 10.2 above, or (ii) change the nature of its business in a manner, which may (for both (i) or (ii)) materially adversely affect the Borrower's fulfillment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(c) make any financial arrangements concerning the Drillship which would have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(d) before delivery of the Drillship and establishment of second priority mortgage in the Drillship, make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders,
(e) after delivery of the Drillship, within a calendar year, make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or other distributions to its shareholdersthat constitutes more than, on a consolidated basis, 50% of the Borrower'snet profit after taxes for the previous financial year (any unutilized portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not be carried forward), or
(f) engage in, or permit any subsidiary to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service) with any subsidiary or affiliate, other than 100% owned subsidiaries of the Borrower, except in the ordinary course of and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Borrower's or such subsidiary's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Borrower or such subsidiary, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time from persons which are not a subsidiary or affiliate. The Borrower has entered into (i) a Management Agreement between the Borrower and Mosvold Management Ltd dated on or about 12 October 2005 and (ii) a Commission Agreement between the Borrower and Mosvold Shipping Ltd dated on or about 12 October 2005, which the Borrower considers to comply with these provisions.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.

14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the establishment and administration of the Loan, such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be covered by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and
14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan will be deemed to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under The Loan Agreement; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 7 - seven Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under the Loan Agreement and such failure is not remedied within 15- fifteen - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) any other loan or indebtedness of an amount larger than USD 5 million of the Borrower, declared due prior to its agreed maturity caused by an event of default by the Borrower,
(d) the Borrower shall enter into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place, or a substantial part of the Borrowers assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distrain,
(e) The Borrower has presented the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders with incorrect or incomplete information, which has, or can have significant consequences for the Borrower's obligations, and ability to comply with such, in accordance with the Loan Agreement, or

h

11

1

(f) any change occurs in the financial condition of the Borrower which, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee after consultation with the Borrower, might materially adversely affect the fulfillment of the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement or Pledged Assets.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee may, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) The Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his Bond(s) directly from the Borrower or otherwise start any form of direct recovery action against the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) proposed payments of dividend, reduction in share capital or other distributions to shareholders in excess of what is permitted under clause 13.2 (e),
12

(e) declaring the Loan to be in default
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16. Id), provided that:
(a) the changes in the Borrower's corporate structure are not, in the reasonable judgment of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the Borrower's fulfillment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the reasonable judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfillment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1(c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the Loan Trustee's opinion of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written objection to the proposal, and such objection is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
13

(d) the Loan Trustee.
+A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.

The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholderspresent - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause 18.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the Bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/10 or more of the Outstanding Loan, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.

Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
In the event that less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.

20 Limitation
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18,1979nr. 18.

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
2.1.1 The Loan Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of Norway.
21.2 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Norwegian courts.
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
Oslo, 13 October 2005

Mosvold Drilling Ltd. Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

