Term Sheet

ISIN: NO 0010708670

Siem Offshore Inc. Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2014/2019 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")

Settlement Date: 28 March 2014

Issuer:

Siem Offshore Inc.

Currency:

NOK

Issue Amount:

NOK 700,000,000

Coupon Rate:

3 months NIBOR + 4.40% % p.a., quarterly interest payments

Settlement Date:

28 March 2014. Notice is expected to be given to Subscribers minimum two banking days prior to Settlement Date.

Final Maturity Date: 28 March 2019 (5 years after Settlement Date)

First interest payment day:

28 June 2014 (3 months after Settlement Date)

Last interest payment Final Maturity Date day:

Interest Payments:

Interest will start to accrue on Settlement Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the interest payment day in March, June, September and December each year, or if the interest payment day does not fall on a Norwegian banking day on the first subsequent Norwegian banking day. The day count fraction for the coupon is act/360, business day convention is modified following.

Price:

100.00 (par)

Nominal Value:
Status of the Bonds:
Purpose of the Bonds: Group:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of NOK 1,000,000 each. Minimum subscription amount and allotment shall be NOK 1,000,000, and integral multiples of NOK 500,000 thereafter
The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital. The obligations of the Issuer under this Bond Agreement will not be secured by any mortgage, pledge or other security.
The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be used for general corporate purposes.
Means the Issuer and all its (directly or indirectly owned) Subsidiaries, and a "Group

Page 1 of 6

Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.

Special Issues:

During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:

a) Mergers: The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

b) De-mergers: The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

c) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.

d) Disposal of business: The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

e) Dividend restrictions: The Issuer shall not, during the term of the Bonds, make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other equity distributions to its shareholders included but not limited to Total Return Swaps involving the Issuer's shares (save for servicing interest and repayments on any shareholder loans), that exceeds 50% of the net result after tax.

f) Subsidiaries' distributions: The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exit any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) service any financial indebtedness to the Issuer, (iii) make any loans to the Issuer, if the creation of such contractual obligation is reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement.

g) Cross default: Cross default on any financial indebtedness of any Group Company (subject to a carve-out of NOK 75 million), or the equivalent thereof in other currencies.

h) Reporting: The Issuer shall of its own accord make management and financial reports (quarterly, written in English) available to the Trustee (or via the distribution system at Oslo Stock Exchange as long as the Issuer's bonds are listed) and on its web pages for public distribution not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.

i) Arm's length transactions: The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

Financial Covenants: During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee (as defined below) or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise)

Page 2 of 6

Definitions:

comply with inter alia the following financial covenants:
a) Minimum Book Equity From Disbursement Date to Maturity Date, the Issuer shall at all times on a consolidated basis maintain a Book Equity of minimum USD 200 million.
b) Value Adjusted Equity Ratio The Issuer shall at all times ensure that the Value Adjusted Equity Ratio of the Issuer on a consolidated basis shall not fall below 30%.
c) Liquidity The Issuer shall ensure that the Group on a consolidated basis maintains Cash and Cash Equivalents plus available and unused commitments under any credit lines (in excess of 12 months) of the Group in an amount of no less than USD 50,000,000.
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above Financial Covenants at all times, such compliance to be certified by the Issuer with each annual financial statement and quarterly financial statement. All Financial Covenants shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group during the term of the Bonds.
"Book Equity" means the Issuer's (consolidated) book equity, calculated in accordance with the GAAP.
"Cash and Cash Equivalent" means, the amounts (expressed in USD or USD equivalent) on such date of the then current market value of:
a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an acceptable bank; and b) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an acceptable bank,
in each case, to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at that time and to which any such Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any encumbrance. Any amount standing to the credit of any earnings accounts of the Group shall be regarded as Cash and Cash Equivalents as long as no Event of Default (as defined below) has occurred under any of the Finance Documents. An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is:
a) a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a minimum "A" credit rating from S&P or Moody's or a comparable rating from a nationally recognised credit ranking agency for its long-term debt obligations; or b) a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking business in Norway.
"Excess Value" means the positive or negative difference between the Market Value of the Vessels and the book value of Vessels.
"Market Adjusted Total Assets" means, on any date (on a consolidated basis for the Group), the Total Assets, adjusted for any Excess Value (plus or minus, as the case may be).
"Market Value of the Vessels" means the consolidated fair market value of the Vessels set as the average value of the Vessels (for vessels under construction, estimated market value of a delivered vessel adjusted for remaining capex) from two reputable and independent appraisers appointed by the Issuer. Such appraisers to be the same appraisers as for any bank loan facilities, to the extent possible. Such valuations shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing buyer and seller, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charter or other contract of employment. Market Value of the Vessels is to be determined twice a year, on account of the Issuer.
Page 3 of 6

"Material Subsidiary" means: (i) any Subsidiary whose total assets represent at least 10% of the total consolidated assets of the Group; or (ii) any Subsidiary whose total operating income represent at least 10% of the total consolidated operating income of the Group; or (iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantial all of the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary, or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had a transfer occurred on or before the relevant date;
always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20% of operating income, gross assets or net assets of the Group.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve months ending on a Quarter Date.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total assets which are treated as assets in accordance with IFRS, as set out in the then most recent audited consolidated annual financial statements or the latest quarterly financial reports (as the case may be).
"Value Adjusted Equity" means the consolidated book value of the Group's total equity in accordance with IFRS adjusted to take into account any Excess Value.
"Value Adjusted Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Value Adjusted Equity to Value Adjusted Total Assets
"Value Adjusted Total Assets" means the consolidated book value of the Group's total assets in accordance with IFRS adjusted to take into account any Excess Value.
"Vessels" means all and any vessel owned by a Group Company including any vessels under construction.

Material Adverse Effect.
Change of Control:
Change of Control Event:

Means an event or circumstances which has a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial conditions or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group as a whole, (b) the Issuer`s ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement and any security documents (if applicable).
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment (Put Option) of the Bonds at a price of 100% of par value plus accrued interest of par value during a period of 30 calendar days following the notice of a Change of Control Event.
Change of Control Event means (i) an event where Siem Industries Inc ceases to control or own, directly or indirectly, more than 20% of the outstanding shares and/or voting capital of the Issuer or (ii) any group or person other than Siem Industries Inc gains control, directly or indirectly, over more than 50% of the shares and/or voting capital of the Issuer.

Page 4 of 6

Event of Default:

The Bond Agreement shall include standard event of default provisions applicable to the Issuer and any Material Subsidiary (as the case may be).

Approvals:

The Bonds have been approved by the Issuer's Board.

Issuer's ownership of The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's

bonds:

discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold and discharged against the remaining Bonds.

Manager:

Arctic Securities ASA, P.O. Box 1833 Vika, N-0123 Oslo. Norway;

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, NO-0116 Oslo, Norway

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.

Issuer's Business reg. no:: Taxation:

MC 140468
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market, and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

Bond Agreement:

The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative. The Bond Agreement regulates the bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.

Each subscriber in the Bonds, such subscription documented by an application form, a taped telephone conversation, e-mail or otherwise, is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur.

Each subscriber in the Bonds either through the application form (if applied) or documented as otherwise specified in the foregoing, specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective Bondholders. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.

Listing:

An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on Oslo Stock Exchange.

Market making:

No market-maker agreement has been made for this Issue.

Eligible purchasers:

The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the application form that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or

Page 5 of 6

for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

Subject to:

Finalized Bond documentation and approval of Bond documentation by the Trustee.

21 March 2014

As Issuer As Manager

Page 6 of 6

