ISIN: NO 001 059802.2
Amendment Agreement to
the Bond Agreement between NBT AS ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 14 per cent NBT AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013

norsk tillitsmann asa
This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated on [^Jan u ary 2012 between NBT AS (the "Issuer") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee").
1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the agreement Bond Agreement " 14 per cent NBT AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013" - ISIN 001 059802.2, based on resolution adopted at the Bondholders' meeting dated 30 December 2011.
2. Amendment to the Bond Agreement Clause 1.1 (Definitions) shall be amended as follows: A) A new definition of "NGAAP" shall be inserted to read as follows: "NGAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in Norway. B) The definition of "Book Equity" shall be amended and restated to be read as follows:
"Book Equity" means the consolidated equity as presented in the accounts, calculated in accordance with NGAAP consistently applied. C) The definition of "Book Total Assets" shall be amended and restated to be read as follows: "Book Total Assets" means the consolidated book value of the total assets of the Issuer in accordance with NGAAP, excluding goodwill. D) The definition of "Equity Ratio" shall be amended and restated to be read as follows: "Equity Ratio" means the ratio of the Book Equity to Book Total Assets on a consolidated basis for the Group, to be reported within each Reporting Date based on NGAAP.
3. Confirmation of the Bond Agreement
All other provisions of the Bond Agreement remain in full force. The Bond Agreement and this Amendment Agreement constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the above mentioned Bond issue.
4. Governing Law
Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.
2
Tvv

norsk tillitsmann asa
5. Commencement The amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence at the date of the Bondholders' meeting.

NBT AS
A

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Issuer
/

Bond Trustee 2) 0 fo *

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

