Execution version

ADDENDUM NO. i to BOND TERM S

This addendum no. 1 (the "Addendum ") is made in connection with the 9.00% EU R 70,000,000 senior secured bond issue 2018/2022 with ISIN NO0010820616, regulated by the bond terms (the "Bond Term s") dated 12 April 2018 and made between:

(1)

Sand H ill P etro leu m B.V., a private limited liability company registered under the laws

o f the Netherlands with registration number 56038038, as issuer (the "Issuer"); and

(2)

N ordic T ru stee AS, a limited liability company registered under the laws o f Norway with

registration number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) and

security agent (the "Bond Trustee"),

together the "Parties".

WHEREAS;

(A)

On 12 April 2018 the Issuer issued a series o f bonds in a total amount o f EUR 70,000,000.

The net proceeds o f the bond issue have been held on the Escrow Account pending

fulfilment o f the conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer, as set out in Clause

6.1 (b) and Clause 6.2 (as applicable) o f the Bond Terms.

(B)

As o f the date o f this Addendum (the "Effective Date"), the contemplated mortgage over

the property on which the Konydr Gas Plant will be constructed (the "Property") has not

yet been established (due to the fact that one o f the conditions to establishment, i.e. the

registration o f the mortgage with the competent land registry, has not yet been fulfilled) as

part o f the Transaction Security pursuant to the Bond Terms.

(C)

Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer has requested a waiver, which the Bond Trustee has

granted, in order to facilitate disbursement o f most o f the net proceeds from the Bond

Issue subject to the terms o f this Addendum, and whereby certain amounts will be

withheld from disbursement and kept on the Escrow Account pending the establishment

and perfection o f security over the Property.

NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto have agreed as follows:

1.

CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Terms and expressions defined in the Bond Terms shall have the same meaning in this

Addendum unless otherwise stated herein.

1.2

The following terms have the following meanings:

"Initial D isbursem ent Am ount"

means EUR 65,000,000.

"Longstop Date"

means 31 January 2019.

"Rem aining Security"

means a first ranking mortgage over the Property granted by OGD Berettybujfalu Kft.

Page 2 of 3

W ithheld Am ount" means EUR 5,000,000 o f the net proceeds from the Bond Issue.

1.3

This Addendum shall be read together with the Bond Terms and vice versa.

1.4

The Parties hereby designate this Addendum as a Finance Document.

2.

DISBURSEMENT OF THE INITIAL DISBURSEMENT AMOUNT

2.1

The Initial Disbursement Amount will be disbursed from the Escrow Account to the Issuer

subject to the Bond Trustee having received or is satisfied that it will receive in due time (as

determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to such disbursement to the Issuer, each o f the

documents set out in Clause 6.1 (b) and Clause 6.2 (as applicable) o f the Bond Terms,

however so that it is acknowledged that the Remaining Security as per the Effective Date

has not yet been established and perfected, and that it will only be possible to do so after

some time due to certain Hungarian law requirements.

3.

DISBURSEMENT OF THE W ITHHELD AMOUNT

3.1

The Withheld Amount shall be disbursed to the Issuer on the terms set out below:

(a)

The Withheld Amount shall be disbursed from the Escrow Account to the Issuer

subject to the Bond Trustee having received or is satisfied that it w ill receive in

due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to such disbursem ent to the

Issuer documentation evidencing the establishment and perfection o f the

Remaining Security and any other documentation not previously delivered and

required pursuant to Clause 6.1 or Clause 6.2 o f the Bond Terms.

(b)

The Issuer shall ensure that the establishment and perfection o f the Remaining

Security occurs no later than on the Longstop Date.

(c)

Any interest accrued on the amounts standing on the Escrow Account shall be

made available to the Issuer upon the establishment and perfection o f the

Remaining Security.

(d)

Upon the disbursement o f the Withheld Amounts as a result o f due establishment

and perfection o f the Remaining Security, this Addendum shall terminate and

cease to have effect.

4.

GOVERNING LAW

4.1

Clause 19 (Governing law and jurisdiction) o f the Bond Terms shall apply mutatis mutandis

to this Addendum.

***

[signature page tofollow]

Page 3 of3
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto, by its duly authorized representative, has entered into this Addendum as of the date set out below.

May 2018

For and on behalf of Sand Hill Petroleum B.V. As Issuer

Signature: Name: Capacity:

iieuwenhuizen Paging Director A

For and on behalf of Nordic Trustee AS As Bond Trustee and Security Agent

Signature: Name: Capacity:

____________________

Signature: Name: Capacity:

Page j o f3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each o f the parties hereto, by its duly authorized representative, has entered into this Addendum as o f the date set out below.
25' May 2018

For and on behalf o f Sand H ill Petroleum B.V. As Issuer
Signature: Name: Capacity:
For and on behalfof Nordic Trustee AS As Bond Trustee and Security Agent
Signature: Name: Capacity:

Signature: Name: Capacity:

ft**'- O lfU iW L

Page 3 o f3
IN W ITNESS WHEREOF, each o f the parties hereto, by its duly authorized representative, has entered into this Addendum as o f the date set out below.

May 2018

For and on behalf of Sand H ill P etroleu m B.V. As Issuer
Signature: Name: Capacity:
For and on behalf of

Signature: Name: Capacity:

