NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
To the bondholders in:
- ISIN NO 001031608.6 - 9.75 per cent Petromena ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2012
Oslo, 20 March 2009
Proposal to appoint AMA Capital Partners as financial advisor and Bingham as legal adviser Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. BACKGROUND
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTMTNorsk Tillitsmann") acts as trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") of bonds (the "9.75% Bonds") in the above mentioned loan with ISIN NO 001031608.6 (the "9.75% Bond Loan") where PetroMena ASA is the borrower (the "Borrower").
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the loan agreement related to the 9.75% Bond Loan (the "9.75% Bond Loan Agreement") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
NTM has convened this meeting on the basis that it has received indications from the informal Steering committee and Deutsche Bank that they are supportive of the matters referred to herein.
We refer to the summons to Bondholders' meeting, dated 9 February 2009 (the "February Meeting") in connection with the 9.75% Bonds which also considered the appointment of AMA Capital Partners ("AMA") as financial adviser and Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP ("Bingham") as legal adviser. At the February Meeting, the proposal to amend the 9.75% Bond Loan Agreement (the "Resolution") was not approved by the holders of the 9.75% Bonds. However, these appointments were approved by the holders of the 10.85% bonds issued by the Company (the "10.85% Bonds") and the FRN bonds issued by PetroRig III Pte Ltd (the "FRN Bonds").
Discussions remain on-going between the Company, NTM and the Bondholders. The Company has also recently confirmed that it is supportive of the appointment of Bingham and AMA. The Company also confirmed it will pay the reasonable fees of Bingham and AMA's monthly retainers. However, the Company has not agreed to pay the success fee element of AMA's remuneration. In addition, the Company may, in the future, cease to pay these fees. Accordingly, NTM has convened this meeting to approve the appointment by NTM (for and on behalf of the Bondholders) of AMA and Bingham and to put in place a funding arrangement to provide for the situation where fees are not met by the Company.
In this case, it is proposed that the fees of AMA, Bingham and NTM, and any other out of pocket expenses of NTM incurred in connection with the 9.75% Bond Loan would be met out of the relevant Bondholders' recoveries, to the extent not paid for by the Company.
2. APPOINTMENT OF AMA
Scope of Work
AMA will provide financial advisory services to NTM (on behalf of Bondholders). These services will include conducting a business due diligence in relation to the Company, its subsidiaries, the Rig construction projects and the Petrolia Rig owned by PetroMena Ltd (the "Petrolia Rig"), provided that the Company co-operates in the provision of access to AMA, and advising the Trustee and assisting Bondholders in negotiations and discussions with the Company and other stakeholders and commercial counterparties.

MAILING ADDRESS · P.O.BOX I47O VIKA, N -O I16 OSLO

LOCATION

HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone · +47 22 87 94 00 fax « +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr « no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail « mail@trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

Fee structure

Monthly Retainer

AMA will be entitled to a monthly retainer of USD 70,000 per month for the term of the engagement, which will be for a minimum of two months, from the signing of the engagement letter.

Transaction Fees

(a) Advisory Fee

As part of any general voluntary restructuring whereby the Company is able to raise additional capital, and/or if any or all of the Rigs or Petrolia Rig are sold or the Rigs' construction contracts/projects are sold or otherwise transferred for cash consideration, AMA shall receive (at the closing of such sale(s)) an advisory fee ("Advisory Fee") in respect of the 9.75% Bond Loan as follows:

(i) in case of a sale in cash equal to 0.25% of the cash proceeds actually recovered under the 9.75% Bond Loan (payable separately out of the proceeds of the 9.75% Bond Loan); or

(ii) in the instance of a voluntary restructuring whereby sufficient additional capital is raised to meet the liabilities of the Company, which are existing and projected as at the date of this Agreement, an Advisory Fee of 0.25% of the face value of the 9.75% Bond Loan, payable in cash at the time of the execution of the voluntary restructuring.

(b) Restructuring Fee

If the 9.75% Bonds are restructured, AMA will be paid a restructuring fee based on the percentage of the 9.75% Bond Loan face value which is recovered, as set out below.

% of Notes' Face Value Corresponding to Aggregate Consideration
Up to 50.0% Over 50.0% - 65.0% Over 65.0% - 80.0% Greater than 80.0%

Fee
0 .00% 0.30% on that amount 0.65% on that amount 1.00% on that amount

Aggregate Consideration shall mean the total amount of cash and the fair market value of the non cash consideration paid and to be distributed in respect of the 9.75% Bonds on the date of the closing of a transaction, including all securities and other property paid or payable, directly or indirectly, by the acquiring party, and shall also include the book value of any liabilities indirectly or directly assumed or acquired or otherwise repaid by the acquiring party in connection with or anticipation of the sale which relates to the 9.75% Bonds, including the book value of typical working capital liabilities required in the day-to-day operations and the book value of any cash that is in excess of the cash needed for typical working capital needs of the business. In the event that any portion of the Aggregate Consideration is not delivered at closing, is subject to adjustment or is placed in escrow, the fee with respect to such portion of the Aggregate Consideration shall be paid to AMA if and when such consideration is received by the Company.

AMA shall be entitled to receive either an Advisory Fee or a Restructuring Fee but not both.

AMA will also be entitled to reimbursement of its out of pocket expenses incurred in connection with providing its services.

It is proposed that the fees referred to above shall be paid as a priority payment out of cash recoveries on the 9.75% Bonds. The monthly retainers and out of pocket expenses will be shared equally amongst each of the 9.75% Bonds, the 10.85% Bonds and the FRN Bonds (together the "Bond Issues") meaning that each relevant Bond Issue will be liable to pay 1/3 of these amounts.

2

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
The AMA Engagement may be terminated on 5 days' notice by either party. The Restructuring Fee and Advisory Fee shall be payable in respect of a transaction consummated within 12 months of the termination date.
NTM shall also agree to indemnify AMA in respect of all losses and liabilities it may incur as a result of the engagement. This indemnity will be capped at an aggregate amount of US$5 million (in respect of its engagement for NTM on behalf of holders in each of the Bond Issues) and shall only be payable out of and to the extent of proceeds being received with respect to the relevant Bond Issue. The indemnity shall terminate 12 months after the date of the engagement letter, save in respect of accrued liabilities which have been notified in writing prior to that date by AMA.
NTM shall be entitled to use its discretion, in consultation with Bingham, in agreeing the final form of engagement letter for AMA so long as the terms are substantially similar to those described above.
3. COMMITTEE FEES
To date, the fees, costs and expenses of Bingham as legal adviser to the NTM (on behalf of the holders of the 9.75% Bonds) have been met by the Company. However if, in the future, the Company does not continue to meet these fees and expenses, it is possible that they will need to be funded by individual Bondholders who agree to so fund them (the "Funding Bondholders"). It is proposed that the Bondholder meeting also authorise NTM to pay to Funding Bondholders amounts provided by them in respect of the fees and expenses of Bingham, out of amounts it receives for distribution to Bondholders, and ahead of any fees payable to AMA, and ahead of payments of principal and interest on the 9.75% Bonds. The effect of this will be that these fees, costs and expenses will be born by all Bondholders and not just the Funding Bondholders. NTM would seek to apportion the fees and expenses of Bingham between the relevant issues of bonds on an equal basis or as it otherwise considers (in consultation with Bingham) to be equitable to each issue of bonds.
4. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS
Bondholders' meetings in the 9.75% Bond Loan are summoned:
Time: Monday 30 March 2009 at 2 pm (Oslo time) (1 pm London time) Place: the premises of NTM, Haakon Vll's gate 1, Oslo (Norway)
Agenda:
Pursuant to the 9.75% Bond Loan Agreement, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from NTM.
1. Approval of summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Consent to certain proposals:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting in relation to the 9.75% Bond Loan referred to in the heading to this meeting summons to resolve the following resolutions:
Norsk Tiliitsmann is authorised and instructed to:
(a) enter into an engagement letter with AMA on substantially similar fee terms to those described above, but otherwise to be in such form as may be approved by the Loan Trustee;
(b) pay the legal fees, costs and expenses (including reimbursement to Funding Bondholders) incurred through Bingham's representation of NTM (on behalf of holders of the 9.75% Bonds) as a joint first priority (and pro rata to amounts under (c) below) out of amounts received by it in connection with the issue of the 9.75% Bonds and before it makes any payment to Bondholders, to be allocated either on an equal basis as between
3

e NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
the Bond Issues, or such other basis that NTM considers (in consultation with Bingham) to be equitable to each Bond Issue;
(c) pay the reasonable fees, cost and expenses of NTM as a joint first priority (and pro rata to amounts under (b) above) out of amounts received by it in connection with the issue of the 9.75% Bonds and before it makes any payments to any Bondholders; and
(d) pay the fees and expenses of AMA incurred in its representation of NTM (on behalf of the Bondholders from time to time) as a second priority out of amounts received by it in connection with the issue of the 9.75% Bonds and before it makes any payments to any Bondholders.
According to the 9.75% Bond Loan Agreement, the above mentioned proposals require a qualified majority of 2/3 of the 9.75% Bond Loan represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favour of such proposals and a minimum 2/10 of the outstanding bonds being represented at the meeting for the 9.75% Bond Loan. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOoPlease find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the present date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the 9.75% Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the 9.75% Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the 9.75% Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the 9.75% Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the 9.75% Bonds are registered). The individual Bondholder may authorise NTM to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising NTM to vote, must then be returned to NTM in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that the 9.75% Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the NTM accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the 9.75% Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to NTM, to notify NTM by telephone or by e-mail (as set out at the first page of this letter) by 17.00 hours Oslo time (16.00 hours London time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely
Ola Nygård
Enclosure: - VPS statement/Power of attorney form.
4

