EXECUTION VERSION
ISIN NO 001 0777600
BOND AGREEMENT between
Billingstadsletta 11 Holding AS (as Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (as Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
3.50% Billingstadsletta 11Holding AS Secured Bond Issue 2016/2021

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page a of yr

l.

INTERPRETATION

__

2.

THE BONDS

,"

n

3.

LISTING

__

"

tr

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

5.

PURCHASEAND TRANSFEROF BONDS

6.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

7.

REPRESENTATIONSAND WARRANTIES

8.

STATUSOF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

9.

INTEREST

,

10.

MATURITYOF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

11.

PAYMENTS

_ ,_

04

12.

ISSUER'SACQUISITION OF BONDS

13.

COVENANTS

14.

FEESAND EXPENSES

,,,

15.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

,

16.

BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

'",

17·

THE BOND TRUSTEE

18.

MISCELLANEOUS

~

,

0

Attachment l COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Attachment 2 RELEASENOTICE / ESCROW ACCOUNT

t

3 9

10
_. 10

10

10

12

14

,

15

15

16

18

18
, 24

1 25
27

29

32

,

36

,. 37

Page30f37

~+ This agreement has been entered into on October 2016 by and between:

(1)

BILLINGSTADSLETIA 11 HOLDING AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway

with registration number 914 533 287, as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2) NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

l.

INTERPRETATION

r.i

Definitions

In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Acceptable Bank" means:

(i) an international commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a rating of AA or higher by Standard & Poor's, Aa2 or higher by Moody's; or
(ii) a Scandinavian commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a rating of A- or higher by Standard & Poor's, A3 or higher by Moody's.
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Additional Security" means any additional security in form of:

(i) unencumbered cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an Acceptable Bank ("Cash and Cash Equivalents"), to be pledged and blocked;
(ii) a guarantee in a form acceptable to the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably) from an Acceptable Bank or any other bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably); and/or
(iii) security over government bonds which are freely transferable and not subject to any Security, with a credit rating of AAA by Standard & Poor's or by Moody's (respect of the issuer of the government bonds),
granted in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.

"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to time.

"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bondts), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Closing" means the day the shares in the Lundekroken AS are transferred to the ownership of the Issuer pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day).
"Debt Service" means service of principal, interest and/or fees or any other sums under or in connection with any Financial Indebtedness (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Shareholder Loan), other than the Bond Issue.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person (a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or (b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person. When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.1.
"Distribution" means any dividend payment or other distributions, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or other similar transactions (including, but not limited to, total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer), or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to the Issuer shareholders (including, but not limited to, servicing of Shareholder Loans).
"Escrow Account" means an account in DNB Bank ASAin the name of the Issuer, pledged on first priority and blocked.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights, in favour of the Bond Trustee as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.

Page 5 of37

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause
15·1.

"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds (if any).

"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, and (v) any other document the Issuer and the Bond Trustee agree in writing to be a Finance Document.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: (i) moneys borrowed;

(ii) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;

(iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(iv) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP,be treated as finance or capital lease;

(v) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(vi) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);

(viii)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of a financial obligation; and

(ix) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (h) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

Page 60f37
"GAAP"means the generally accepted accounting principles, practices and standards in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Instructing Bondholders" means Bondholders holding not less than a majority of the Voting Bonds.
"Interest Payment Date" means 28 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interest Rate" means three point fiftypercentage points (3.5°%)per annum.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 28 October 2016.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Lease Account" means an (or several) account(s) in relevant banks in the name of the Property Company, pledged on first priority (but not blocked prior to an Event of Default).
"Lease Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the LeaseAccount, in favour of the Bond Trustee as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Lease Agreements" means any lease agreement entered into by the Property Company in respect of the Property from time to time.
"Loan to Value Ratio" means the ratio of (i) the amount of outstanding Financial Indebtedness of the Group, less any Shareholder Loans, less any free and available Cash and Cash Equivalents and (without double counting) less any Additional Security, to (ii) the Market Value of the Property.
"Long Stop Date" means l December 2016.
"LTYBreach l" means an event where the Loanto Value Ratio exceeds 70%.

Page7of37
"LTY Breach 2" means an event where the Loan to Value Ratio exceeds 75%.
"Lundekroken AS" means Lundekroken AS (reg. no. 994925679), being the direct 100% owner of the Property Company.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, being Arctic Securities AS, Oslo, Norway.
"Mandatory Prepayment Offer" means an offer to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.3 to be made by the Issuer upon a LTY Breach 2.
"Market Value" means the external valuation, addressed to the Bond Trustee, of the market value of the Property on a "free and clear basis", as determined by a reputable independent property valuation company familiar with the Norwegian commercial real estate market acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 28 April 2021. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mortgage" means the first priority mortgage over the Property, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Maximum Issue Amount" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.2.1.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Parent" means Billingstadsletta 11 Invest AS (reg. no. 914 533 244), being the owner of 100%of the shares in the Issuer.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Permitted Merger" means a merger of (i) the Issuer and/or (ii) Lundekroken AS and/or (iii) the Property Company.
"Property" means the property Billingstadsletta 11 cadastral number (gnr) 32, title number (bnr) 35, section (snr.) l and 4located in the municipality of Asker, Norway.

Page 80f37
"Property Company" means Lundekroken Næring AS (reg. no. 988 629 863), owner of the Property.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Receivables Assignment" means the first priority assignment of trade receivables of the Property Company (jactoringpant) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement, registered in the Norwegian Register of Mortgaged Movable Property.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means (a) the Escrow Account Pledge; (b) (if applicable) Lease Account Pledge; (c) Receivables Assignment; (d) the Share Pledges; (e) the Mortgage (including a declaration of pledge granted by the Property Company) and (f) any Additional Security provided in accordance with Clause 13.5.3.
"Seller's Credit" means any loan provided by the seller under the Share Purchase Agreement to the Issuer.
"Shareholder Loans" means any loan from the Parent to the Issuer fully subordinated the Bond Issue to the reasonable satisfaction of the Bond Trustee.
"Share Pledge(s)" means the first priority pledge over all the outstanding shares in (i) the Issuer, (ii) Lundekroken AS, and (iii) the Property Company, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"Share Purchase Agreement" means a share purchase agreement related to the acquisition of all shares of Lundekroken AS dated on or about the date of this Bond Agreement.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no.maintainedby the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has Decisive Influence.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Page90f37

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2

Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" ifit has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2.

THE BONDS

2.1

Binding nature of this Bond Agreement

2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2 This Bond Agreement shall not be available for the general public and shall not be published on Stamdata.

2.2

The Bonds

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 150,000,000 (Norwegian kroner one hundred fifty million) (the "Maximum Issue Amount").

2.2.2 The Face Value is NOK 1,000,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

2.2.3 The Bond Issue will be described as "3.500/0 Billingstadsletta Holding 11 AS Secured Bond Issue 2016/2021". The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 °777600.

2.2.4 The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization
The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be applied towards refinancing of existing debt in the Group.

Pageio of37

3.

LISTING

3.1

The Bonds will not be listed.

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

PURCHASEAND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as

applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due

e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its placets) for doing business).

Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its

own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1

Issuance of the Bonds and disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow

Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in

form and substance satisfactory to it, prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and corporate resolutions of each of the Issuer and the Parent to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(c) (unless included in (b) above) a power of attorney from each of the Issuer and the Parent to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents;

(d) copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for each of the Issuer and the Parent, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of each of the Issuer and the Parent;

(e) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(f)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the

Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive

(2003171 EC» concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

Page 11 of 37

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(i)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(j)

copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made

public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(k) documentation evidencing that the Escrow Account has been opened;

(1)

the Escrow Account Pledge executed by all parties thereto and evidence of the

establishment and perfection of the Security created thereunder; and

(m) evidence satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that the Property Company holds beneficial legal title to the Property.

6.2 The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall only be used in accordance with the purpose of the Bond Issue, and any release from the Escrow Account to the Issuer will be subject to customary closing mechanisms as agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee and the Bond Trustee receiving prior to or (as the case may be) no later than on the date of release from the Escrow Account (such date of release the "Disbursement Date") the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) a duly executed release notice (including a statement regarding use of funds in accordance with the purpose of the Bond Issue and confirmation of no potential or actual Event of Default existing and that all Representations and Warranties are true and correct) in the form set out in Attachment 2 hereto from the Issuer;

(b) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of each of Lundekroken AS and the Property Company to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(c) (unless included in (b) above) a power of attorney from each Lundekroken AS, and the Property Company to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents;

(d) copies of (i) the Certificate ofIncorporation or other similar official document for each of Lundekroken AS and the Property Company evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of each of Lundekroken AS and the Property Company;

(e) the Security Documents (except for the Escrow Account Pledge) duly executed by all parties thereto and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the relevant Security (save for that (i) the registration of the Receivables Assignment and (ii) the service of notice to the relevant account bank under the Lease Account Pledge, shall be completed as soon as possible following Disbursement Date);

(f)

copy of the shareholders' register of the Issuer, Lundekroken AS and the Property

Company, respectively, evidencing that the Share Pledges are duly inserted

therein in accordance with the requirements of the Norwegian Private Limited

Companies Act (aksjeloven);

Page 12 of37

(g) copy of the Share Purchase Agreement;

(h) evidence of all shares in the Issuer being 100% owned by the Parent;

(i)

copy of the redemption and release confirmation from Bolig og Næringskreditt

AS, evidencing that security for existing debt in Lundekroken AS will be released

upon repayment of such debt;

(j)

evidence by way of copies of all policies, cover notes etc. together with a

declaration by the lead insurer or the Issuer's insurance agent, that all insurances

as required under this Bond Agreement have been taken out in respect of the

Property, and that the Bond Trustee has been noted as mortgagee and eo-insured

under the insurances; and

(k) a statement regarding the Property Company's compliance with Section 8-10 of the Norwegian Companies Act and any other statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents).

6.3 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clauses 6.1 or 6.2.

6-4 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been reviewed and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.5 In the event that the conditions precedent set out in Clauses 6.1 or 6.2 are not satisfied for any reason within the Long Stop Date or the Manager in a written notice to the Bond Trustee concludes that the Closing will not be completed with the same date, the Bonds shall be repaid at 100% of par value plus accrued interest (and cost and expenses incurred by any advisor and the Bond Trustee) until payment is made and funds held in the Escrow Account shall be applied for this purpose. Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

6.6 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.4, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

6.7 In addition to such conditions set out in Clauses 6.1 and 6.2, the Issuer shall as soon as possible after Closing provide the Bond Trustee, in form and substance satisfactory to it, copies of corporate resolutions of the Issuer passed by its new board of directors ratifying such resolutions as delivered under Clause 6.1.

7.

REPRESENTATIONSAND WARRANTIES

7.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

7.1.1 Status
It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.1.2 Powerand authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.1.3 Valid,binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

7.1.4 Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or officialorder; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

7-1.5 No Event of Default

(i)

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown

under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any

transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.1.6 Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required (as and to the extent applicable):

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under

this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and

(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

Page 14 of37

7·1. 7 Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

7.1.8 Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

7.1.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.1.10

No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

7.1.11 No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

7.1.12

Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

P.13 Security No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.

8.

STATUSOF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at

least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are

preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general

application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall (to the extent legally permissible) be secured by the Security Interest on first ranking priority.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

The Issuer shall pay the Interest Rate on the Face Value of the Bonds from and including the

Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

9.2

Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Date each year, the first

Interest Payment Date being 28 October 2017.

9.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment

Date, and thereafter from and including, that Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the

next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4

The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of

the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the

calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number

of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months

(unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of

the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the

month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day

month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February,

in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day

month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face x Value

Interest x Rate

Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITYOF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity
10.1.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%)by the Issuer.

10.2 10.2.1

Call option
The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole but not in part on the date falling 28 April 2020 until the Maturity Date at the higher of (A) 100% of par and (B) the remaining cashflow of the Bonds discounted at a rate equal to the sum of the NOK swap rate as published by Tullet Prebon Ltd. (or its successor) for a period corresponding to the then remaining term of the Bond Issue plus 0.50%, plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount.

10.2.2

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

Page 16 of37

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2-4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 10.3.1

Mandatory Prepayment - LTVBreach 2
Upon the occurrence of a LTY Breach 2, the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days following the LTV Breach 2 make a Mandatory Prepayment Offer to all Bondholders to redeem an aggregate amount of Bonds necessary to cure the LTV Breach 2.

10.3.2

The right for Bondholders to sell Bonds to the Issuer under the Mandatory Prepayment Offer (the "LTV Put Option") must be exercised within ten (10) Banking Days after the Issuer has made and notified the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (through VPS) the Mandatory Prepayment Offer. Such offer shall be made as soon as possible after the LTV Breach 2 has taken place.

10.3.3

Each Bondholder may exercise its LTV Put Option in respect of all or parts of its Bonds. If the amount of Bonds exceeds the aggregate amount of Bonds necessary to cure the LTY Breach 2, a pro rata allocation shall be carried out in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository.

10.3.4

If the LTVPut Option is not exercised in respect of a sufficient number of Bonds to cure the LTV Breach 2, the LTY Breach 2 shall not be deemed as cured and the Issuer shall provide Additional Security to cure the LTY Breach 2 within the deadline set out in Clause 13.5.3.

10.3.5 Bonds redeemed in according with this Clause 10.3 shall be repaid at par (100%) together with accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds.

10.3.6

On the settlement date of the Mandatory Prepayment, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bonds, the principal amount of such Bonds and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10·3.7 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

11.

PAYMENTS

11.1 Covenant to pay
11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

Page 17 of37

11.2

Payment mechanics

11.2.1 If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance

Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2 Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3 In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer, the Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3

Currency

11.3.1 If the Bonds are denominated in other .currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying

Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4

Set-off and counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event of late payment
11.5.1 In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00%) per annum.

Page 18 of37

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.
11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1, cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15-4.
11.6 Partial payments If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(i)

first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond

Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(ii) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(iii) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12.

ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged. For the avoidance of doubt, this will not apply to Bonds redeemed and to be discharged pursuant

to Clauses 6.5, 10.2-4 and 10.3.7.

13.

COVENANTS

13.1

General

13.1.1 The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, and prior to executing any merger plan, inform the Bond Trustee of the Permitted Merger and no later than on the date of the completion of such Permitted Merger, provide all such documents and evidence that the Bond Trustee require evidencing that the Mortgage, the Lease Account

Page 19 of37

Pledge, the Receivables Assignment and the Share Pledge over the surviving entity remains in full force and effect;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available to the Bond Trustee as soon as they become available, and not later than 180 days after the end of the financial year;

(e) without being requested to do so, prepare annual valuations (to be carried out by a reputable and independent valuation company) evidencing the Market Value of the Property in Q4 of each year and make them available to the Bond Trustee as soon as they become available;

(f)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(g) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of the minutes of any general meeting resolving a merger or de-merger of the Issuer which upon the Bond Trustee's receipt shall be notified to the Bondholders;

(h) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(i)

if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform

the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to

such rating;

O)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond Trustee

is entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository or Paying

Agent directly); and

(k) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.3 13.3.1

Compliance certificate
The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1, confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment l hereto, signed by an authorised director of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

Page ao of jz

13.3.2
13.4 13-4-1

Upon request from the relevant Bondholder, the Bond Trustee shall be authorized to forward a copy of the Compliance Certificate such certificate or confirmation received pursuant to Clause 13.5.1 and/or (in each case) pertaining documents and/or such annual valuations evidencing the Market Value of the Property as received by the Issuer to such Bondholder.
General Covenants
Pari passu ranking The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all-time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

13-4-2

Mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities (excluding mergers or transactions only involving Group Companies, including the Permitted Merger (subject to Clause 13-4-2)) if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13-4.3

De-mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.4.4

Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.

13.4.5 Reduction of share capital
The Issuer shall not reduce its share capital without the prior consent of the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of the Bondholders), unless it is made as a permitted Distribution according to Clause 13.4.10.

13-4-6

Disposal of business
The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Group's assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, unless:

(i)

the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions

customary for such transactions; and

(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything set out above, the Issuer shall not (in whole or in part) sell or otherwise dispose of the Property.

Page 21 of37

13-4-7

Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

13-4-8 Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

13-4-9

Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it may be subject to from time to time.

13.4.10 Distributions The Issuer shall be entitled to make Distributions and Debt Service, provided that:

(i)

no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a

consequence of or immediately after such Distribution or Debt Service; and

(ii) no LTV Breach 1 has occurred or is likely to occur as a consequence of or immediately after such Distribution or Debt Service.

13.4.11

Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other member of the Group will, incur or (as of Closing) allow to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than:

(i)

Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue;

(ii) any Shareholder Loans;

(iii) Financial Indebtedness which is made by a member of the Group to another member of the Group;

(iv) Financial Indebtedness consented to in writing by the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of the Bondholders and which consent may be made conditional upon intercreditor arrangements or subordination provisions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders)).

13.4.12

Financial Support
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other member of the Group will, be a creditor in respect of any Financial Indebtedness or issue any form of guarantee or provide any other form of financial support to any third party (Le. to any company which is not a member of the Group). For the avoidance of doubt, any grace period or postponement of lease payment granted under the any of the Lease Agreements, shall not be considered as financial support for the purpose of this Clause o.

Page 22 of37

13.4.13 Negative Pledge The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other member of the Group will, provide or permit any Security to exist over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any obligation, other than:
(i) the Security provided for the Bond Issue; and
(ii) Security arising by operation of statutory law (e.g, as security for property taxes).

13.5 13.5.1

Special covenants
LTV Covenant The Issuer shall ensure that the Loan to Value Ratio does not at any time exceed 75% (the "LTV Covenant"), and shall, on an annual basis; (i) within end of the second financial quarter each year, by delivery of a separate certificate, confirm its compliance with the LTV Covenant as of 31 December the preceding year; the LTV Covenant at each time to be measured based on a Market Value dated no earlier than twelve (12) months after the date of the previous valuation.

13.5.2

LTV Breach l - Distribution restrictions
Upon an LTV Breach l occurring or if an Event of Default is outstanding, and for as long as such breach is continuing the Issuer shall not, and shall make sure that no other member of the Group make any Distributions or Debt Service.

13.5.3

LTV Breach 2 - Mandatory repayment and Additional Security
If at any time an LTV Breach 2 occurs, the Issuer shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee thereof, and within (6) months after such breach has occurred, ensure that the relevant LTV Covenant is restored by making an offer to all Bondholders to redeem an aggregate amount of Bonds necessary to cure the LTV Breach 2 and/or providing Additional Security, in each case in accordance with Clause 10.3.

13.5.4

Special covenants regarding the Property

(i)

The Issuer shall procure that the Property, including fittings, inventory, plant and

machinery, are properly managed and maintained in accordance with good

standards.

(ii) The Issuer shall upon request of the Bond Trustee arrange for the Bond Trustee, and/or any persons appointed by the Bond Trustee, to inspect the Property at the reasonable expense of the Issuer, however, limited to once per year.

(iii) The Issuer shall arrange for the Property to be fully insured (Nw.: ''fullverdiforsikret'') against such risks, in such amounts, on such terms as are usual for companies in the same or substantially similar business (always applying Norwegian law (as amended from time to time) or such other terms as the Bond Trustee may approve (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) in relation

Page 23 of37

to losses payable thereunder) and with such insurance brokers and insurers as the Bond Trustee may approve or require, always including third party liability insurance for an amount no less than NOK 100,000,000, insurance against natural hazards and loss of earnings for at least thirty-six (36) months.

(iv) The Bond Trustee shall be eo-insured in the insurances covering the Property in accordance with the Norwegian Insurance Act and noted in the insurance policy as beneficiary or eo-insured,

(v) Not later than fourteen (14) days before the expiry date of the relevant insurances, the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond Trustee a certificate from the insurance broker(s) through whom the insurances relevant to any Property have been placed, evidencing that all insurances referred to in (iii) above have been renewed and taken out in respect of the Property, that such insurances are in full force and effect and that the interest of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) therein have been noted by the relevant insurers.

(vi) Upon receiving written instructions from the Instructing Bondholders, the Bond Trustee shall, at the cost of the Instructing Bondholders, obtain a valuation. The Bond Trustee shall promptly provide the Issuer with a copy of any valuation obtained by the Bond Trustee pursuant hereto. No more than one valuation per calendar year may be requested under this paragraph.

(vii) The Issuer shall not engage in any other substantial business activities other than those relating to owning, operating, maintaining and developing the Property.

(viii)

The Issuer shall procure that the Property always is employed in conformity with terms of the instruments of insurance (including any expressed or implied warranties) and shall comply with such requirements as to extra premium or otherwise as the insurers may prescribe.

(ix) The Issuer shall ensure that any tenants are informed about any security regulations under the insurances.

(x) The Issuer shall procure that a valuation of the Property shall be carried out by a recommended and independent valuation company in Q2 each year (at the cost of the Issuer) to the estimate of the Market Value of the Property. The first valuation shall be provided first time within end of the second financial quarter in 2017.

(xi) The Issuer shall not create or allow or permit to subsist any security interest on or over the whole or any part of the Property other than the Security Interests, and do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that each Security created by the Security Documents remains duly enforceable and perfected at first priority, at the expense of the Issuer or the relevant security provider (as the case may be).

(xii) The Issuer shall ensure that all payments to the Property Company under or in connection with the Lease Agreements are paid to the Lease Account.

Page 24 of37

14.

FEES AND EXPENSES

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.

14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(i)

the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount

which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is

(after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have

been due if no withholding had been required; and

(ii] the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14· 7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

Page 25 of37

15.

EVENTSOF DEFAULT

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

15.1.1 Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.

15.1.2

Breach of other obligations
The Issuer or (as relevant) the Parent does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

15.1.3 Cross default If for the Issuer or any other Group Company:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total ofNOK 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

15.1.4

Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

15.1.5 Insolvency

(i)

The Issuer or any other Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its

debts as they fall due or suspends making payments on any of its debts.

Page 260f37

(ii) The market value of the assets of any of the Issuer or any other Group Company is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).
(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any member of the Group.
15.1.6 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution If for the Issuer or any other Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement,

scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or

reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder; or

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This Clause 15.1.6 shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.

15.1.7 Creditors' process
Any Group Company has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.

15.1.8

Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

15.1.9 Material Adverse Change Any other event or circumstance occurs which has a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived there from or in connection therewith.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(i)

the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared

from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the

Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

ISA In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting 16.1.1 The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders
community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any installment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.l.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(i)

the Issuer;

(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(iv) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

Page 28 of37

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself

16.2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number of Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10

The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 16.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may,

Page 29 of37

at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.
For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16+ Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 16+1

Repeated Bondholders' Meeting
If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2

The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17.

THE BONDTRUSTEE

17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
17.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of

Page jo of yr

confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5

The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2
17.2.1

Liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its

Page ji of jz

functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the Maximum Issue Amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3 or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17-4 Appointment of Security Agent 17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to

acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.
Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17-4-3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v)

the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

18.2
18.2.1

Bond Defeasance
The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocablypledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

18.2.2 Upon the exerciseby the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:

(a) the Issuer shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1 (a), (c), (i), (j) and (k), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guaranteels), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this BondAgreement on the due date thereof

Page 34 of37

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.
18.2-4 If the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.
18.3 Limitation of claims All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 18-4-1

Accessto information
The Bond Trustee shall upon request from a Bondholder distribute the Financial Statements and the annual valuations to that Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 18.6.1

Notices, contact information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and (if the Bonds are listed) the Exchange. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made when sent from the Securities Depository.

18.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) ifby letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

Page350f37

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.

18.7 18.7.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to Clause 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway,with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Billingstadsletta 11 Holding AS as the Issuer
By: \(r\~·\-',o..A ~orc1 tØf\i\M'e Position:

Nordic Trustee ASA as the Bond Trustee

/~

~

.

By:

Olav Slagsvold

Position:

Page36of37

Attachment l COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-01l6 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 9410 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.com

October 2016

Dear Sirs,

3.50% Billingstadsletta 11Holding ASSecured Bond Issue 2016/2021 - ISIN0010777600

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.3 we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date

of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3.

all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

4.

the Loan to Value Ratio as of [date] is XX

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements][ and][ copies of the latest valuations evidencing the Market Value of the Property] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully, Billingstadsletta 11Holding AS

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

Attachment 2 RELEASE NOTICE

Page37of37

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-01l6 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22879410 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no

Dear Sirs,

October 2016

3.50% Billingstadsletta 11Holding AS Secured Bond Issue 2016/2021- ISIN NO 0010 m600

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between, inter alia, Nordic Trustee ASAas Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on __ October 2016 wish to draw an amount of NOK 150,000,000 from the Escrow Account for the purpose of the refinancing of existing debt in the Group as set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

We hereby represent and warrant that:

(i)

no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur; and

(ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7 of the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Name of authorized person

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds/payment instruction to the bank]

