> N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
www. rrustec. no
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kim utarbeidetpå engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001036899.6 - 10.85 per cent PetroProd Ltd Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2013 and
ISIN NO 0010347735 - FRN PetroProd Ltd Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012
Oslo, 28 May 2009
Proposal to authorise payment of Bingham's fees as legal advisor, AMA Capital Partners' fees as financial advisor and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA's fees as loan trustee - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. BACKGROUND
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM"/"Norsk Tillitsmann") acts as trustee for the holders of bonds (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned loans with ISIN NO 001036899.6 (the "10.85% Bonds) and ISIN NO 0010347735 (the "FRN Bonds") (the FRN Bonds and 10.85% Bonds, together the "Bonds") where PetroProd Ltd is the borrower (the "Borrower/Company").
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the loan agreements governing the Bonds (the "Loan Agreements") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
NTM has convened this meeting on the basis that it has received irrevocable instructions and confirmations from holders of 662/3 of each of the Bonds in relation to the matters referred to herein.
On 8 April 2009, the Bonds were declared in default and immediately due and payable. On the same day, a winding up petition was filed with the Cayman court and on 9 April 2009, provisional liquidators were appointed to the Company. As a result, the Company is no longer in a position to meet the fees and expenses of AMA Capital Partners ("AMA"), Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP ("Bingham") or NTM and it is proposed that these fees be met out of Bond recoveries on a priority basis.
2. BINGHAM'S FEES
To date, the fees, costs, disbursements and expenses of Bingham as legal adviser to NTM (on behalf of the Bondholders) (the "Bingham Fees") have been met by the Company. However, as a result of the Company now being unable to continue to meet these fees and expenses, it is proposed Bingham's fees shall be met either by individual Bondholders who agree to so fund them (the "Funding Bondholders") or directly out of Bond recoveries.
It is proposed that the Bondholder meeting authorises the payment by NTM of Bingham Fees out of amounts it receives for distribution to Bondholders (including funds in or received from the Bond Escrow Accounts), and ahead of payments of principal and interest on the Bonds. NTM shall also be authorised to reimburse Funding Bondholders amounts paid by them in respect of Bingham Fees out of amounts it receives for distribution to Bondholders, and ahead of payments of principal and interest on the Bonds.
1

N O R SK TIL L IT SM A N N ASA
www.tmsfcc.no

The effect of this will be that the Bingham Fees will be born by all Bondholders. NTM would seek to apportion the fees and expenses of Bingham between the Bond issues on an equal basis or as it otherwise considers (in consultation with Bingham) to be equitable to each issue of Bonds.

3. AMA'S FEES

Scope of Work

AMA will continue to provide financial advisory services to NTM (on behalf of the Bondholders) in connection with the current financial situation of the Company, its subsidiaries, and the construction and possible sale of the FPSO and the CJ70. These services will include continuing business due diligence, preparation of marketing materials and promoting the CJ70 and the FPSO assets to prospective counterparties for sale and advising the Trustee and assisting Bondholders in negotiations and discussions with the Company and other stakeholders and commercial counterparts.

Fee Structure

Monthly Retainer

A monthly retainer of US$100,000, will be payable out of Bond recoveries (to the extent not already paid by the Borrower).

Transaction Fee

A transaction fee will be payable, based on the recovery percentages set out below.

Transaction Fee in respect o f the 10.85% Bonds Incremental Recovery Break Point on 10.85% Bonds (including recoveries from the bond escrow account)

Fee or %

Flat fee up to 25%

US$150,000

From 13% up to 17%

1%

Greater than 17%

1.5%

Transaction Fee in respect o f the FRN Bonds Incremental Recovery Break Point on FRN Bonds (including recoveries from the bond escrow account)
Flat fee up to 25%
From 25% up to 40%
Greater than 40%

Fee or %
US$250,000 1% 1.5%

Other Key Terms
An indemnity (which shall not apply in the case of negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct) of up to US$ 2,500,000 shall be payable out of recoveries in each Bond issue. The indemnity shall terminate

2

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
www. i msK'C.no
12 months from the date of AMA's engagement save in respect of claims, losses or liabilities which have accrued and which have been notified in writing by AMA to the Trustee prior to that date.
After 31 May 2009, the Bondholders will have the right to terminate AMA's engagement with five days written notice. The AMA engagement will terminate automatically on 31 August 2009. However, certain sections of the engagement letter will survive termination, including but not necessarily limited to (i) expense reimbursement, (ii) indemnification and (iii) that transaction fees will be payable on transactions involving the CJ70 and the FPSO originated by AMA and which have involved substantive and active discussions prior to the termination of AMA's engagement if in respect of the CJ70, such transaction is consummated within 18 months of termination of AMA's engagement and in respect of the FPSO, such transaction is consummated within 12 months of termination of AMA's engagement.
4. NTM'S FEES
NTM, in its capacity as Loan Trustee, is continuing to incur fees in connection with its representation of the Bondholders. Further, it may be necessary for NTM to generally incur costs and expenses in relation to taking steps to maximise recoveries for Bondholders, even separately from specific rights it has under the Loan Agreements and the security granted in relation to it.
NTM is required by the Loan Agreement to take every measure to recover the Loans. Although this provides NTM with a wide discretion and authority, in the circumstances NTM has decided to request Bondholders to separately authorise and ratify NTM to incur costs and expenses in taking measures (in consultation with its legal and financial advisers, Bingham and AMA) to recover the Loans, and to pay these costs and expenses out of amounts it receives for distribution to Bondholders, and ahead of any fees payable to AMA, and ahead of payments of principal, interest and premium on the Bonds.
5. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS
Bondholders' meetings in the 10.85% Bond Loan and the FRN Bond Loan are summoned:
Time: Wednesday 10 June 2009 at 14:00 (Oslo time) (13:00 London time) Place: the premises of NTM, Haakon VII's gate 1, Oslo (Norway)
Agenda:
Pursuant to the 10.85% Bond Loan Agreement and the FRN Bond Loan Agreement, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from NTM.
1. Approval of summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Consent to certain proposals:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting in relation to the Loan Agreements referred to in the heading to this meeting summons to resolve the following resolutions:
Norsk Tillitsmann is authorised and instructed to:
(a) pay the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of Bingham, in its representation of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of holders of the Bonds), (including by way of reimbursement of Funding Bondholders) and including those incurred but remaining unpaid as at the date of the Bondholders' Meeting as a joint first priority with amounts under (b) below and pro rata out of amounts received by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Bonds (including funds in or received from the relevant Escrow Account) and before it makes any payments to any
3

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
www.misliT.no
Bondholders, to be split equally between the Bonds or as the Loan Trustee otherwise considers (in consultation with Bingham) to be equitable to each issue of Bonds;;
(b) pay the reasonable fees and costs (including with respect to legal fees) of the Loan Trustee in connection with enforcement of the Bonds and any insolvency proceedings for any members of the Group as a joint first priority with amounts under (a) above and pro rata out of amounts received by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Bonds (including funds in or received from the relevant Escrow Account) and before it makes any payments to any Bondholders, to be split equally between the Bonds or as the Loan Trustee otherwise considers (in consultation with Bingham) to be equitable to each issue of Bonds;
(c) enter into an engagement letter with AMA on substantially similar fee and other key terms to those described above, but otherwise to be in such form as may be approved by NTM; and
(d) pay the fees and expenses of AMA incurred in its representation of NTM (on behalf of the Bondholders) as a second priority out of amounts received by it in connection with the relevant issues of Bonds and before it makes any payments to any Bondholders.
According to the Loan Agreements, the above mentioned proposals require a qualified majority of 2/3 of the 10.85% Bond Loan and 2/3 of the FRN Bond Loan represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favour of such proposals and a minimum 5/10 of the outstanding bonds being represented at the meeting for the 10.85% Bond Loan and 5/10 of the FRN Bond Loan (respectively). Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the present date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered).
The individual Bondholder may authorise NTM to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising NTM to vote, must then be returned to NTM in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that the Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the NTM accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to NTM, to notify NTM by telephone or by e-mail (as set out at the first page of this letter) by 17.00 hours Oslo time (16.00 hours London time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Enclosure: VPS statement/Power of attorney form.
4

