NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the bondholders in:

ISIN: N00010674377

- "FRN Pioneer Public Properties II AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2013/2018"

Oslo, 8 June 2016

Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
Nordic Trustee ASA acts as trustee (the "Bond Trustee") for the holders of the Bonds (the "Bondholders") in the abovementioned bond issue with ISIN N00010674377 (the "Bond Issue") issued by Pioneer Public Properties II AS (the "Issuer" or the "Company").
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 3 April 2013, made between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein. References to Clauses and paragraphs are references to Clauses and paragraphs of the Bond Agreement.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1 BACKGROUND
Pioneer Public Properties AS (the "Parent Company") has initiated a recapitalisation where listed bonds in two subsidiaries are to be repaid with the New Bond issued by the Parent Company (as described below).
The reasoning behind the repayment of the existing bonds and the issue of the New Bond is four-fold; (i) to obtain a more efficient capital structure with lower cost secured bank debt in the subsidiaries owning the real estates, (ii) ensure a more liquid bond in the Parent Company, (iii) increase group liquidity to facilitate for and capitalize on attractive investment opportunities going forward, and (iv) reduce administration costs by reducing the number of reporting entities in the Group.
On 7 June 2016, the Parent Company launched a new unsecured bond issue contemplating to raise NOK 800-1,000 million in the Nordic high yield market (the "New Bond"). The proceeds from the New Bond will inter alia be utilized to repay the current outstanding bonds issued by Pioneer Public Properties HI ("PPPHI") with ISIN N00010714124 and the Company. The bonds issued by PPPm will be repaid by exercising the call option at 104% of par value, while the repayment of the bonds issued by the Issuer is subject to the support from Bondholders. The Issuer is therefore summoning a Bondholders' Meeting proposing that a call option is introduced in the Loan Agreement. The Issuer intends to exercise the new call option upon successful completion of the New Bond issue.

2/4
2 THE PROPOSAL
In accordance with Clause 16.2 of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' Meeting in order to obtain the Bondholders' approval to the proposed amendments to the Bond Agreement as described below, pursuant to the authority given to the Bondholders' Meeting under Clause 16 of the Bond Agreement.
The Issuer proposes to introduce the following new clauses in the Bond Agreement (the "Proposal"):
10.2 Call Option
10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or nothing) with settlement date from and including 22 June 2016 up to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 105.75% of par value with the addition of accrued interest on the redeemed amount (the "Call Option").
10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least five Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.
10.2.3 On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.
10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
In the Issuer's opinion, the call premium has been set at an attractive level for the Bondholders.
3 EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED AMENDMENTS
3.1 The Issuer's advisor
The Issuer has engaged Pareto Securities AS as its financial advisor (the "Advisor") with respect to the Proposal. Accordingly, Bondholders may contact Pareto Securities AS Fixed Income Sales at +47 22 87 87 70 for further information.
The Advisor is acting solely for the Issuer and no-one else in connection with the Proposal. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the Advisor with respect to the Issuer and the Advisor expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal ('including but not limited to the information contained herein).
3.2 Support from the Bondholders
Prior to this summons letter being distributed, the Issuer has informed the Bond Trustee that they have received support for the Proposal from a majority of the Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Voting Bonds.

3/4

3.3 The Bond Trustee's disclaimer/non-reliance
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders from the Bond Trustee. Each Bondholder should independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly.
The information in this summons regarding the legal, operational andfinancial status o f the Issuer is provided by the Issuer. The Bond Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever related to such information given from the Issuer.

4 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
To enable the Issuer to make the proposed change of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

22 June 2016 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VHs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:
1. The Bondholders approve the Proposal as described in section 2.
2. The Bondholders further authorise the Bond Trustee to enter into such agreements and documents, consent to such waivers and amendments, take any actions and do all such things on behalf o f the Bondholders as may be necessary or desirable to support or give effect to the Proposal, including, without limitation, amending and/or waiving the terms o f the Bond Agreement in order to issue the New Bond"
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

4/4
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered.)
The individual Bondholder may authorise Nordic Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Nordic Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (mail@nordictrustee.com) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee)AS^
/rF*qr9ge^n ^tndersen

