NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA www, trustee.no
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

To the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in:

ISIN: NO 001 036425.0 -11.0 per cent Cecon ASA Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2007/2012

SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Oslo, 15 April 2009

1. Introduction
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM" or the "Trustee") acts as the Loan Trustee for the loan mentioned above (the "Loan") made available under a loan agreement dated 30 April 2007 as amended by amendment agreement no. 1 thereto dated 20 February 2008 (the "Bondloan Agreement") entered into between the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), Cecon ASA ("Cecon") as guarantor and two of its subsidiaries, namely Cecon Shipping 1 AS ("Cecon 1") and Cecon Shipping 2 AS ("Cecon 2"), as borrowers (Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Borrowers").
All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Bondloan Agreement or in the summons (including the Company Update) to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
The information in this summons regarding the Borrowers, Cecon and Cecon 3 (as defined below) and market conditions is provided by the said companies, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

2. Company Update and other background information Please see Exhibit 1 for a Company Update.

3. Background, proposed amendments to the Bondloan Agreement etc.

In order to, inter alia, secure financing for all the remaining construction costs and expenses relating to the two vessels to which the Loan relates, namely hull no. 717 and hull no. 718 currently under construction at Davie Yard Inc. (the "Yard"), and get the said vessels ready for delivery and operation, and in order to secure financing for the payment of accrued interest due under the Bondloan Agreement (see 3.8 below), the Borrowers have proposed the following (the "Proposal"):

MAILING ADDRESS ® P.O.BOX 147O VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LOCATION # HAAKON VII GATE I , OSLO, NORWAY

phone @ +47 22 87 94 00

fax · +47 22 87 94 10

org.nr @ no 963 342 624 MVA e-m ail · m aii@ trustee.no
L 880656 V2 15.04.09 505587-001

N ORSK TILLITSM A N N ASA
3.1 Construction Contracts and the Vessels
As of today, the Loan is secured, inter alia, by movable hypothecs and shipbuilder's mortgages created in respect of the two vessels referred to above (including the constructions contracts and other rights and assets relating thereto, see 3.5 below for details). Another subsidiary of Cecon, namely Cecon Shipping 3 AS ("Cecon 3", and together with Cecon 1 and Cecon 2, the "Shipowning Companies"), has an additional vessel under construction at the Yard with hull no. 719 (hull nos. 717, 718 and 719 are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Vessels"). It is, inter alia, proposed that this vessel (including monetary claims arising under the constructions contract as well as other rights and assets relating thereto, cfr 3.6 below for further details) be part of the additional security package to be put in place with respect to the Loan (see, inter alia, 3.6 below).
Further, it is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting accept the new cost and payment schedule of hull no. 717 and hull no. 718 (to which the Loan relates), as well as the new delivery schedule for those vessels (as set out in the Company Update),
3.2 Indebtedness with better priority
In the Bondloan Agreement there is a carve-out for indebtedness with better priority than the Loan in the amount of up to USD 110,000,000, which carve-out amount under certain circumstances (such as in relation to investments related to an employment contract related to hull no 717 and/or hull no. 718) may be increased to USD 125,000,000. However, due to the increased cost of the Vessels, and in consideration of, inter alia, the third vessel (ie hull no. 719) becoming part of the security for the Loan (if the Proposal is accepted), it is proposed that the following indebtedness may be established with better priority than the Loan:
3.2.1 The EDC Facility
The USD 200 million loan facility to be made available by EDC as set out in the Company Update in relation to which the Shipowning Companies will be joint and several borrowers and Cecon will be a guarantor.
The purpose of the EDC Facility is, inter alia, to finance the remaining pre-delivery installments (as opposed to the delivery instalments) to be paid by the Shipowning Companies to the Yard under the construction contracts for the Vessels and accrued interest on the Loan due under the Bondloan Agreement (see 3.8 below).
The security for the EDC Facility will be as follows (the "EDC Security"):
(1) first priority movable hypothecs and shipbuilder's mortgages in respect of (i) each of hull nos. 717, 718 and 719, (ii) all materials, components, machinery and equipment earmarked for use in the construction of each of hull nos. 717, 718 and 719, (iii) all rights, title and interest of each of Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 in any monetary claims arising under the constructions contracts for each of hull nos. 717, 718 and 719, and (iv) all insurances taken out in respect of each of hull nos. 717, 718 and 719;
(2) a first priority builder's mortgages in respect of each of hull nos. 717,718 and 719;
L 880656 V2 15.04.09 505587-001

· N O R SK TIL L IT SM A N N ASA
(3) pledge forms each in an amount of up to USD 200 million for the creation of a first priority floating charge over the machinery and plant of each of Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3; and
(4) a guarantee by Cecon in favour of EDC guaranteeing the due and punctual performance by Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 of their obligations under the EDC Facility.
Each such security shall secure all the obligations and liabilities of each of Cecon 1, Cecon 2, Cecon 3 and Cecon under and in relation to the EDC Facility on a cross-collateral basis and each such security will be in an amount of CAD 360 million (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies) (as required or dictated by market practice in Canada in relation to such loan facilities).
3.2.2 The Eksportflnans Facility
A loan facility (or loan facilities (as the case may be)) in the aggregate amount of between USD 80 and 145 million as set out in the Company Update, in relation to which the Shipowning Companies will be joint and several borrowers and Cecon will be a guarantor, which the Shipowning Companies are currently discussing with Eksportflnans ASA ("Eksportfinans")/GIEK. It should be noted that any amount made available under any such Eksportflnans Facility exceeding USD 80 million will be utilised in full towards prepayment of the EDC Facility (see next section).
The purpose of the Eksportflnans Facility is to finance the delivery installments to be paid by the Shipowning Companies to the Yard under the construction contracts for the Vessels (and, in case the Eksportflnans Facility exceeds USD 80 mill, to prepay parts of the EDC Facility as described above).
The security for the Eksportflnans Facility will be as follows (the "Eksportflnans Security"):
(1) shared first priority security of the security listed under 3.2.1 (1)-(4) above; (2) a first priority share pledge by Cecon of its shares in Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3;
and (3) a first priority assignment of earnings and any other monies due or payable to Cecon 1,
Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 in relation to the Vessels.
Each such security shall secure all the obligations and liabilities of each of Cecon 1, Cecon 2, Cecon 3 and Cecon under and in relation to the Eksportflnans Facility on a cross-collateral basis and each such security will be in an amount of up to USD 145 million (with a possible buffer of up to 15% to cover any accrued interest and costs, as is customary).
Thus, each such first priority security as referred to in 3.2.1 and 3.2.2 above (ie each such security in relation to which EDC and Eksportflnans shall share first priority) will be in the amount of up to the aggregate of CAD 360 million and USD 166,750,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies). However, it is important to note that the principal amount being secured by each such security interest will in practice not exceed approximately USD 280,160,000 (for details and explanation, see the "Sources and Uses Chart" in the Company Update attached as Exhibit 2).
L 880656 V2 15.04,09 505587-00]

· N O R SK TIL L IT SM A N N ASA
It should also be noted that the Eksportfinans Security will not be put in place until in connection with the delivery of the Vessels by the Yard to the Shipowning Companies under the construction contracts.
3.3 Other types of indebtedness
3.3.1 Owner Furnished Equipment (OFE) Financing and otherfinancing
In connection with (i) the acquisition of various types of plant, machinery, vehicles and other types of equipment to be fitted or affixed to, or otherwise to be used on, the Vessels, and (ii) the outfitting, equipping and/or reconstruction of the Vessels in preparation for, or in relation to, the entry into or performance of a charter party or any other operational contract, Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and/or Cecon 3 will also have to incur additional, secured or unsecured, financial indebtedness in the amount of up to USD 25 million with respect to each of the Vessels (i.e. in total USD 75 million for all the Vessels) (together the "OFE Financing") for the financing of such acquisitions and outfitting. To the extent that the Shipowning Companies will have to provide security to obtain such OFE Financing, the security package offered or created in respect thereof may consist of all or some of the following types of security (the "OFE Security"):
(1) such security interests over and in respect of hull no. 719 as referred to in 3.2.1 (1) -- (3) above to be created on second priority;
(2) such security interests over and in respect of hull nos. 717 and 718 as referred to in 3.2.1 ( l) - ( 3 ) above to be created on third priority;
(3) a second priority assignment of earnings and any other monies due or payable to Cecon 3 in relation to the Vessels referred to as hull no. 719;
(4) a third priority assignment of earnings and any other monies due or payable to Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 in relation to the Vessels referred to as hull nos. 718 and 719; and
(5) a security interest over the owner furnished equipment/such OFE.
3.3.2 A Shareholder Loan to Cecon
As part of the deal to be made with EDC, Cecon (ie the parent company) may have to invest up to USD 10 million in the Yard by way of a share subscription. To the extent that Cecon will have to make such an investment, it will be financed by way of a loan facility in the amount of up to USD 10 million to be provided by, inter alia, Cecon's shareholders (the "Shareholder Loan").
The Shareholder Loan will be secured by a first priority pledge over the shares Cecon acquires in the Yard by way of that share subscription.
3.4 Amendments to the Covenants Section of the Bondloan Agreement - inter alia Clause 13.2 thereof
(1) Clause 13.2 (b) shall be amended to allow for Cecon to become a shareholder in the Yard.
L 880656 V2 15,04.09 505587-001

« N ORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
(2) Clause 13.2 (c) shall be amended to allow for the Shipowning Companies and Cecon to enter into the EDC Facility, the Eksportfinans Facility and any OFE Financing.
(3) Clause 13.2 (e) shall be amended to allow for the construction, financing, owning and operation of hull no. 719 and the repayment and prepayment of the EDC Facility, the Eksportfinans Facility and any OFE Financing.
(4) Clause 13.2 (f) shall be amended to allow for any unsecured OFE Financing.
(5) Clause 13.2 (g) which sets forth the repayment of the better priority indebtedness shall be deleted in its entirety.
(6) Clause 13.2 (i) shall be amended to allow for the amendment nos. 3 to the construction contracts for hull nos. 717 and 718 (see 3,1 above).
(7) Clause 13.2 (p) shall be amended to allow for any security to be granted under the EDC Facility, the Ekportfinans Facility and any secured OFE Financing.
(8) Clause 13.2 (q) shall be amended to allow for Cecon to subscribe for shares in the Yard and finance such subscription by a Shareholder Loan.
In addition, amendments reflecting the above must be made to certain of the definitions included in Clause 1 of the Bondloan Agreement, including the definitions of "First Loan" and "First Security", and also certain other provisions of the Bondloan Agreement might need to be amended to reflect or take into account the above.
3,5 Current security package for the Loan
3.5.1. Currently, the security granted by Cecon 1 related to hull no. 718 in respect o f the. Loan is asfollows:
(1) a second priority builder's mortgages in respect of hull no. 718;
(2) a deed of covenants in respect of hull no. 718;
(3) a deed of hypothec affecting the second assignment of the construction contract and construction insurances relating to hull no 718;
(4) a pledge form in the amount of USD 100,000,000 for the creation of a second priority floating charge over the machinery and plant of Cecon 1; and
(5) a pledge form in the amount of USD 100,000,000 for the creation of a second priority floating charge over the inventory of Cecon 1.
3.5.2. Currently, the security granted by Cecon 2 related to hull no. 717 in respect o f the Loan is as follows:
(1) a second priority builder's mortgages in respect of hull no. 717;
L 880656 V2 15.04.09 505587-001

» N O R SK TIL L IT SM A N N ASA
(2) a deed of covenants in respect of hull no. 717;
(3) a deed of hypothec affecting the second assignment of the construction contract and construction insurances relating to hull no. 717;
(4) a pledge form in the amount of USD 100,000,000 for the creation of a second priority floating charge over the machinery and plant of Cecon 2; and
(5) a pledge form in the amount of USD 100,000,000 for the creation of a second priority floating charge over the inventory of Cecon 2.
3.5,3. Currently, the security granted by Cecon related to hull nos. 717 and 718 in respect o f the Loan is as follows:
( 1) a guarantee by Cecon guaranteeing the due and punctual performance by Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 of their obligations under the Bondloan Agreement;
(2) a pledge form in the amount of USD 100,000,000 for the creation of a second priority floating charge over the machinery and plant of Cecon;
(3) a pledge form in the amount of USD 100,000,000 for the creation of a second priority floating charge over the inventory of Cecon;
(4) a second priority pledge by Cecon of all its shares in each of Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 ; and
(5) an assignment of a yard refund guarantee . .
3.6 Additional/extended security package for the Loan
As part of the Proposal, and in return for the Bondholders' acceptance of the propositions listed above, the Shipowning Companies will grant additional security to the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders). Thus, the Loan with accrued interest, fees and other amounts owing from time to time in connection therewith, will after the amendments according to the Proposal be secured by the following additional security (the "Additional Security"):
(1) an on-demand guarantee issued by Cecon 3 in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) guaranteeing the performance by Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 of their obligations under the Bondloan Agreement;
(2) a third priority movable hypothec and shipbuilder's mortgage (with right of succession in case no such security interest is required under any OFE Financing) in respect of (i) hull no. 719, (ii) all materials, components, machinery and equipment earmarked for use in the construction of hull no. 719, (iii) all rights, title and interest of Cecon 3 in any monetary claims arising under the constructions contract for hull no. 719, and (iv) all insurances taken out in respect of hull no. 719, in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the performance by Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 of their obligations under the Bondloan Agreement;
L 880656 V2 15,04.09 505587-001

© N ORSK TILLITSM A N N ASA
(3) a third priority builder's mortgage (with right of succession in case no such security interest is required under any OFE Financing) in respect of hull no. 719, in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the performance by Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 of their obligations under the Bondloan Agreement;
(4) a pledge form for the creation of a third priority floating charge (with right of succession in case no such security interest is required under any OFE Financing) over the machinery and plant of Cecon 3, in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the performance by Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 of their obligations under the Bondloan Agreement;
(5) a pledge form for the creation of a third priority floating charge (with right of succession in case no such security interest is required under any OFE Financing) over the inventory of Cecon 3, in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the performance by Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 of their obligations under the Bondloan Agreement;
(6) a second priority assignment of earnings and any other monies due and payable to Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 in relation to the Vessels referred to as hull nos. 717 and 718, as security for the performance by Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 of their obligations under the Bondloan Agreement;
(7) a third priority assignment of earnings and any other monies due and payable to Cecon 3 in relation to the Vessel referred to as hull no. 719 (with right of succession in case no such security interest is required under any OFE Financing), as security for the performance by Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 of their obligations under the Bondloan Agreement;
(8) a second priority pledge over any shares that Cecon acquires in the Yard (see above) in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the performance by Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 of their obligations under the Bondloan Agreement (however so that such pledge shall (a) not in any way restrict Cecon's ability to sell or otherwise dispose of all or part of such shares to any party and (b) immediately and automatically terminate and discharge in full upon such sale or disposition; and
(9) a second priority pledge by Cecon of all its shares in Cecon 3.
3.7. Co-ordination agreements)
Co-ordination agreement(s) (based on the draft as set out in Exhibit 2 hereto) may be entered into in connection to the EDC Facility, the Eksportfinans Facility, the OFE Financing and/or the Shareholder Loan.
3.8 Further postponement of the Interest Payment
Since the EDC Facility, which will be the source of financing used to pay the interest accrued under the Bondloan Agreement due on 5 of April 2009, is not yet available to the Borrowers, the Borrowers propose that the payment of such interest is further postponed until the EDC Facility is made available to them. Provided that the Bondholders approve the Proposal and
L 880656 V2 S5.04.09 505587-00]

© N ORSK TILLITSM A N N ASA
the other propositions set out herein at the Bondholders' meeting referred to in 5 below, the Borrowers expect that the EDC Facility will be made available to them shortly thereafter. Hence, the interest accrued on the Loan that originally was due for payment by the Borrowers on 4 November 2008 in accordance with Clause 9.1 of the Bondloan Agreement, and in respect of which the Borrowers were granted a waiver by the Bondholders extending the payment date until 5 April 2009 (the "Due Interest Amount"), shall in accordance with Clause 11 of the Bondloan Agreement accrue interest from 4 November 2008 up to the date of actual payment of the Due Interest Amount at a rate equal the aggregate of the coupon rate of 11.00 per cent, p.a, and the default interest rate of 5.00 per cent. p.a. (i.e. in total 16.00 per cent. p.a.). Such interest will be compounded with the Due Interest Amount on each of the following dates: (i) 4 November 2008, (ii) 19 December 2008 and (iii) 5 February 2009. The Borrowers requests that the Due Interest Amount and any such interest accrued thereon shall be payable by the Borrowers no later than on 5 May 2009 in order to allow them the time and opportunity to both get the EDC Facility in place and meet the conditions for making the required drawings thereunder. According to the Bond Loan Agreement, the Loan should, in principle, continue to only accrue interest at the rate of 11.00 per cent. p.a. in accordance with Clause 9.1 of the Bondloan Agreement. However, in consideration of the Bondholders granting the above waivers extending the date for payment of the Due Interest Amount, the Borrowers have agreed that also the Loan shall accrue interest from 4 November 2008 up to the date of actual payment of the Due Interest Amount at a rate equal the aggregate of the coupon rate of 11.00 per cent. p.a. and the default interest rate of 5.00 per cent. p.a. (i.e. in total 16.00 per cent, p.a.), and that also such interest shall be payable by the Borrowers no later than on 5 May 2009. 3.9 Subiect to the EDC Facility The making of the Proposal is subject to the EDC Facility (as defined in the Company Update) being made available to the Shipowning Companies.
On the other hand, the acceptance by the Bondholders of the Proposal and the other propositions listed above, are necessary in order for the Shipowning Companies to obtain the EDC Facility (see also next passage).
L 880656 V2 15.04.09 505587-001

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA www. tr ustee. no 4. Evaluation of the Proposal
4.1 Cecon and the Borrowers' evaluation of the Proposal
Based on the information given by Cecon and the Borrowers, both in this summons, the appended Company Update and through press releases lately, it is clear that the situation has been critical for the Borrowers and all their stakeholders.
The EDC Facility, in combination with operating cash flow from the existing operations of Cecon, will enable the Shipowning Companies to cover all pre-delivery installments and commitments towards the Yard and the Bondholders, and hence furthermore, the EDC Facility will enable Cecon and the Shipowning Companies to restore working capital and the Borrowers to resume ordinary interest payments on the Loan under the Bondloan Agreement.
Furthermore, combined the EDC Facility and the Eksportfinans Facility will secure financing for all the remaining construction costs and expenses relating to the two vessels to which the Loan relates, namely hull nos. 717 and 718, as well as hull no, 719 over and in respect of which the Bondholders will be granted additional security, and get the Vessels ready for delivery and operation (so that they can generate income and enable the Borrowers to service, inter alia, their debt).
In light of this, the Shipowning Companies and Cecon believe the Proposal reflects the need to secure the required concessions to draw on the EDC Facility (and later the Eksportfinans Facility (if relevant)), while presenting the Bondholders with a balanced and fair set of changes to the existing Bondloan Agreement.
4.2 The Loan Trustee's evaluation of the Proposal
The Loan Trustee shares the view that the situation has been critical for the Borrowers and all their stakeholders. Even that the Proposal implies that the Loan will be junior to more secured debt, it gives the Shipowning Companies the necessary financing of their new-building programme and to pay due interest under the Bondloan Agreement.
Nevertheless, the Bondholders themselves must evaluate, based on all information given by the Shipowning Companies and Cecon, whether the Proposal should be accepted.
It is recommended that the Bondholders consult with its own advisors to evaluate the consequences of the Proposal. All Bondholders must be aware that even if the Proposal is accepted, the Borrowers still have challenges going forward and the Borrowers might be unable to meet their commitments in the future.

MAILING ADDRESS @ P.O.BOX 147O VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LOCATION @ HAAKON V II GATE I , OSLO, NORWAY

phone ® +47 22 87 94 00

fax · +47 22 87 94 10

org.nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail @ m ail@ trustee.no
L 880656 VZ 15.04.09 505587.001

· NORSIC TIL L IT SM A N N ASA

For further information about the involved companies, please also refer to the web site www.cecon.no or www.newsweb.no (for press released by Cecon).

5. Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

23 April 2009 at 1300 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Bond Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondloan Agreement shall be amended according to the Proposal set out in the Summons to this Bondholders ' Meeting and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given power o f attorney to enter into all other necessary agreements in connection with the decision made on the bondholdersJ meeting as well as to carry out the necessary completion work.

The proposal must be approved by the Bondholders' meeting. For a valid resolution, a minimum presence of 5/10 of the outstanding bonds in the Loan is required. Further, consent from at least 2/3 of the votes cast is required in order for the proposal to be formally approved.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann ASA to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann ASA to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).

In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

L 880656 V2 15.04.09 505587-001

'· N O R SK T ILLITSM A N N ASA
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann ASA by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Enclosed: Bondholder's Form Exhibit 1: Company Update Exhibit 2: Draft co-ordination agreement
L SB0656 V2 15.04.09 505587-001

CECON
COMPANY UPDATE
Prepared in connection with the bondholder's meeting in the following bond
ISIN: NO 001 036425.0 - 11.0 per cent Cecon Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2007/2012
Introduction
This Company update has been prepared in connection with the upcoming bondholders' meeting in the loan agreement dated 30 April 2007 with ISIN NO 001036425,0 between Cecon ("Cecon" or the "Company") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NT") (on behalf of certain bondholders (the "Bondholders") as amended by Amendment Agreement no 1 thereto dated 20 February 2008 (the "Loan Agreement"), whereby the Bondholders have made available a loan in the aggregate amount of USD 100,000,000 to Cecon Shipping 1 AS ("Cecon 1") and Cecon Shipping 2 AS ("Cecon 2") in order to assist them with financing parts of the construction costs relating to hull nos 718 and 717 currently under construction at Davie Yard Inc (the "Yard");
All capitalized terms shall have the same meaning as assigned to them in the Loan Agreement.
In addition to this Company Update, Norsk Tillitsmann has prepared a separate summons letter (the "Summons Letter"). Bondholders are encouraged to read both documents in addition to the Loan Agreement, available with the trustee NT at + 47 22 87 94 00,
Construction Contracts
The construction contract relating to the construction of hull no 718 (in which the parties are Davie Yards Inc and Cecon 1) and hull no 717 (in which the parties are Davie Yards Inc and Cecon 2) (as amended) and hull no 719 (in which the parties are Davie Yards Inc and Cecon Shipping 3 AS ("Cecon 3")) (collectively, the "Construction Contracts") are dated 4 February 2007, including the amendment nos 3 thereto each dated 16 February 2009 (collectively, the "Amendments")
Status on financing
Since receiving the term sheet for a USDm 200 construction financing (the "EDC Facility") from Export Development Canada ("EDC") on the 17 February, the Company has during March completed negotiations on the loan agreement for the EDC Facility.
Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 (as joint and several borrowers) and Cecon (as guarantor) are in the process of entering into the loan facility agreement (the "EDC Loan Agreement") under or in relation to which:

(i) EDC will make available a loan facility in the aggregate amount of up to USD 200,000,000 to Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 to assist them with financing parts of the construction costs relating to hull nos 718, 717 and 719 (and other costs and expenses etc relating thereto) (hull nos 718, 717 and 719 as completed in accordance with the Construction Contracts, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Vessels" and individually referred to as a "Vessel");
(ii) Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 will be joint and severally liable for the performance of all of their respective obligations and liabilities thereunder, and Cecon will guarantee the performance of all such obligations and liabilities;
(iii) first priority security in favour of EDC will be created over the assets, rights and interests listed in Exhibit B thereto (a copy of which is attached) on a cross collateral basis, so that the security created over each such assets, right and interest shall secure all the obligations and liabilities of each of Cecon 1, Cecon 2, Cecon 3 and Cecon under and in relation to the EDC Loan Agreement, and each such security will be in the amount of CAD 360,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, as Cecon has been informed by EDC is required and/or recommendable in order to comply with the laws and regulations of the Province of Quebec, Canada) (cfr recital (e) (iii) and the "sources and uses chart" below);
The Company is in a position to sign the loan agreement with EDC, subject to the Bondholders accepting the proposal presented in this summons to Bondholders' meeting.
Once the Company has signed the EDC Loan Agreement, provided Davie Yards has completed its equity issue, the Company will be able to draw approximately USDm 18 on the facility for working capital purposes, which will enable the Company to pay interest on the Loan due 5 April 2009, as well as to draw funds to resume regular installments to Davie Yards.
Further, on 17 February, the Company and Davie Yards agreed on further amendments to the Construction Contracts (with amendments) for the Company's three vessels under construction, hull numbers 717, 718 and 719 (the "Construction Contracts").
Under the terms of the amendments, the Company will accept price increases totaling USDm 23 (in additional to the already agreed price increase of USDm 40 in September 2008), with a possibility for Davie Yards to achieve a delivery bonus of USDm 1 for each of the Company's vessels with hull nos 718 and 719) if the Vessels are delivered within the revised delivery dates. Delivery dates for the Vessels have been revised to January 29, May 15 and July 16 in 2010.
Furthermore, in February, Davie Yards received a loan of USDm 20 from EDC to resume operations at the yard and construction of the Company's vessels. Davie Yards has resumed operations gradually and is ready to commence construction of the Company's vessels once the Company can draw on the EDC facility.
The Company is working to resolve the remaining takeout financing need of a total of approximately USDm 70 - 80 for all three vessels upon delivery. Several alternative sources of such financing are available, and the Company is working with both governmental and

commercial financing institutions to secure such financing. The Company believes the likelihood of securing this financing is promising.
Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 (as joint and several borrowers) and Cecon (as guarantor) are in the process of entering into one or several loan facility agreement(s) (the ''Eksportfinans Loan Agreement") with Eksportfinans ASA ("Eksportfinans"), under or in relation to which:
(i) Eksportfinans will make available one or several loan facilities in the aggregate amount of up to USD 145,000,000 to Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 to assist them with financing parts of the construction costs relating to hull nos 718, 717 and 719 (and other costs and expenses etc relating thereto);
(ii) Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 will be joint and severally liable for, or issue guarantees guaranteeing, the performance of all of their respective obligations and liabilities thereunder, and Cecon will guarantee the performance of all such obligations and liabilities;
(iii) Eksportfinans will be secured pari passu with EDC (ie get shared first priority security) over or in respect of the assets, rights and interests referred to in Exhibit B (a copy of which is attached) to the Loan Agreement No. 880-COUNTRY-· made between CECON SHIPPING 1 AS, CECON SHIPPING 2 AS, CECON SHIPPING 3 AS, CECON and EXPORT DEVELOPMENT CANADA) and in addition get first priority security over, inter alia, the current and future shares owned by Cecon in each of Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 and all earnings of, or other monies due or payable to, each of Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 in relation to the Vessels, in each case on a cross-collateral basis (so that the security created over each such assets, right and interest shall secure all the obligations and liabilities of each of Cecon 1, Cecon 2, Cecon 3 and Cecon under and in relation to the Eksportfinans Loan Agreement). Each such security will be in the amount of up to USD 145,000,000 (with a possible buffer of up to 15 per cent to cover any accrued interest and costs, as is customary), which means that each such first priority security interest will be in the amount of up to the aggregate of CAD 360,000,000 and USD 166,750,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies) (cfr recital (e) (iii) and the "sources and uses chart" below);
Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and/or Cecon 3 will also have to incur additional financial indebtedness which may be secured by, inter alia, a second priority security interest over hull no 719 (or that Vessel) to finance:
(i) the acquisition of various types of plant, machinery, vehicles and other type of equipment to be fitted or affixed to, or otherwise to be used on, the Vessels; and
(ii) the outfitting, equipping and/or reconstruction of the Vessels in preparation for, or in relation to, the entry into or performance of a charter party or any other operational contract; and
The Company might subscribe for shares in a share issue of the Yard and thereby become owner of shares in the same (the "Shares"), in which case the share contribution to be paid by the Company to the Yard will be financed in whole or in part by way of a loan granted to it by

Cecon's shareholders (which shall be secured by a first priority pledge created over the Shares).
The Company informs that even though each of the First Security interests will be in the amount of up to the aggregate of CAD 360,000,000 and USD 166,750,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies), the principal amount being secured by each such security interest will in practice not exceed approximately USD 280,160,000.
This may be explained by the following "sources and uses chart".

Uses:

Installment no 3 paid under the Construction Contract relating to hull no 719 (covered by Cecon and to be reimbursed by way of the above-mentioned loan to be granted by EDC):

USD 14,440,000

The sum of the remaining pre-delivery installments to be paid under the USD 197,640,000 Construction Contracts:

The sum of the delivery installments to be USD 58,080,000 paid under the Construction Contracts:

Capitalized interest and fees payable under Approximately USD 10,000,000 the EDC Loan Agreement:
Total amount to be financed by way of the EDC Loan Agreement and the Eksportfmans USD 280,160,000 Loan Agreement:

Sources:

The loan facility to be provided by EDC

under the EDC Loan Agreement:

USD 200,000,000

The loan facility/ies to be provided by Approximately between USD 80,000,000

Eksportfinans under the Eksportfinans Loan and USD 145,000,000 (however so that any

Agreement:

amount in excess of USD 80,000,000 will be

used towards prepayment of the loan granted

by EDC under the EDC Loan Agreement).

Strategic review
Following the cancellation of the DnBNOR facility, the Company on January 20, 2009 informed that the Company would consider and pursue all available strategic and financing options. While the completion of the EDC financing resolves the pre-delivery financing requirements of the Company, the Company intends to continue to pursue strategic options with the objective of strengthening the Company's balance sheet.
Update on current activities
Current operations, with chartered tonnage, are proceeding as planned. For the fiscal year 2008, the Company reported a profit before tax of NOK 26 million for 2008. The Company's current operations for 2009 in isolation are promising, with a total order backlog of approx. USDm 60 for the year 2009.
On the financing side, the Company has a USDm 7 shareholder-loan in addition to the Loan. This is due and secured by the accounts receivables which as of this date amounts to USDm 7.2. The shareholder loan will be repaid once Cecon can draw on the EDC Facility.
In order for Davie Yards to resume full operations, EDC requires that Davie Yards will raise USDm 20 in new equity. The process of raising this equity is ongoing, and is expected to be completed shortly. The Company may subscribe for up to USDm 10 in this share issue and this investment is expected to be primarily financed by a new shareholder's loan to the Company.
Further information
For more detailed information, please contact CEO Teq'e Tellefsen, +47 47 67 28 88.

EXHIBIT hB m to the Loan Agreement No. 880-46163 made between CECON SHIPPING I AS, CECON SHIPPING 2 AS, CECON SHIPPING 3 AS, CECON ASA and EXPORT DEVELOPMENT CANADA.
SECURITY DOCUMENT(S)
The repayment of the Loan, together with the payment of interest, fees and other amounts owing from time to time in connection therewith, shall be secured by the following Security Documents:
A. Security Documents eranted by Cecon Shinnimi 1 AS
(i) First priority perfected and registered ship mortgage and hypothec on, and security interest in hull no. 718.
(ii) First priority perfected security over the materials and equipment, earmarked for use in the construction of hull no. 718, free and clear of any other liens other than Permitted Liens.
(iii) First priority perfected and registered hypothec on, assignment of, and security interest over any monetary claims arising under the Contract relating to hull no. 718, free and clear of all liens other than Permitted Liens.
(iv) EDC to be first loss payee and additional insured in respect of the Collateral listed in paragraphs A (i) to (iii) above, the insurance policies to contain mortgagee clauses and lenders' loss payable endorsements as set out in this Agreement.
(v) Upon registration of that Vessel in the relevant ship registry, a first priority perfected and registered ship mortgage shall be created over and in respect of that Vessel in accordance with section 8.1(t).
B. Security Documents granted by Cecon Shipping 2 AS
(i) First priority perfected and registered ship mortgage and hypothec on, and security interest in hull no. 717.
(ii) First priority perfected security over the materials and equipment, earmarked for use in the construction of hull no. 717, free and clear of any other liens other than Permitted Liens.
(iii) First priority perfected and registered hypothec on, assignment of, and security interest over any monetary claims arising under the Contract relating to hull no. 717, free and clear of all liens other than Permitted Liens.
(iv) EDC to be first loss payee and additional insured in respect of the Collateral listed in paragraphs B. (i) to (iii) above, the insurance policies to contain mortgagee clauses and lenders' loss payable endorsements as set out in this Agreement.
(v) Upon registration of that Vessel in the relevant ship registry, a first priority perfected and registered ship mortgage shall be created over and in respect of that Vessel in accordance with section 8.1(t).

c. Security Documents granted by Cecon Shipping 3 AS
(i) First priority perfected and registered ship mortgage and hypothec on, and security interest in hull no. 719.
(ii) First priority perfected security over the materials and equipment, earmarked for use in the construction of hull no. 719, free and clear of any other liens other than Permitted Liens.
(iii) First priority perfected and registered hypothec on, assignment of, and security interest over any monetary claims arising under the Contract relating to hull no. 719, free and clear of all liens other than Permitted Liens.
(iv) EDC to be first loss payee and additional insured in respect of the Collateral listed in paragraphs C (i) to (iii) above, die insurance policies to contain mortgagee clauses and lenders' loss payable endorsements as set out in this Agreement.
(v) Upon registration of that Vessel in the relevant ship registry, a first priority perfected and registered ship mortgage shall be created over and in respect of that Vessel in accordance with section 8.1(t).
D. Undertaking of the Guarantor
(i) Personal Guarantee of the Guarantor, for a maximum amount of USD $200,000,000.
E. Bondholders Subordination and StandstPl Agreement
(i) Subordination and standstill agreement in favour of EDC with respect to Vessels 718 and 717 duly executed by Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (on behalf of the Bondholders).

[DRAFT]
CO-ORDINATION AGREEMENT between
EXPORT DEVELOPMENT CANADA and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA and
CECON ASA and
CECON SHIPPING 1 AS and
CECON SHIPPING 2 AS and
CECON SHIPPING 3 AS

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

1

THIS CO-ORDInATION AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is entered into this [o j^ a y # ( 6 ] 20Q9

BETWEEN:

(1)

EXPORT DEVELOPMENT CANADA, a company incorporated in Canada (the "First

Mortgagee"); and

(2)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number

963 342 624 (the "Second Mortgagee"); and

(3)

Cecon ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 938 803 595 (the

"Guarantor"); and

(4)

Cecon Shipping 1 AS, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number

991 789 677 ("Cecon 1"); and

(5)

Cecon Shipping 2 AS, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number

991 789 650 ("Cecon 2"); and

(6)

Cecon Shipping 3 AS, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number | ]

("Cecon 3")

(Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 collectively the "Mortgagors").

WHEREAS:
(A) Pursuant to a loan agreement dated H f (the "First Loan Agreement") made between the Mortgagors, the Guarantor and the First Mortgagee, the Mortgagors has been granted a loan facility in the amount of up to USD200,000,000.
(B) As security for the obligations of the Mortgagors under the First Loan Agreement the Mortgagors will provide the following assets:
(1) The vessels currently under construction at the Davie Yard Inc. ("Davie") shipyard, being referred to as Hulls 717, 718 and 719 (collectively the "Vessels");
(2) All materials, components, machinery and equipment purchased and/or delivered in Davie's yard for fitting or affixing to the Vessels or for use in the construction or equipping of the Vessels (or any part thereof) or appropriated for its construction;
(3) All rights, title and interest of the Debtor in any monetary claims arising under the construction contract dated February 4, 2007, entered into between the Guarantor and Davie, and subsequently assigned by the Guarantor to the Mortgagors, to the extent that such contract relates to the construction of the Vessels, including any modification, amendment, addition or replacement thereof.
ail on first and sole priority in favour of the First Mortgagee (together the "First Mortgage Documents").
(C) Pursuant to a loan agreement dated 30 April 2007 (as amended) (the "Second Loan Agreement") made between the Mortgagors and the Guarantor and the Second Mortgagee, the Mortgagors has been granted a loan facility in the amount of up to USD 100,000,000.
(D) As security for the obligations of the Mortgagors under the Second Loan Agreement the Mortgagors will provide the following assets:
(1) H I and
(2) 
all on second priority in favour of the Second Mortgagee (together the "Second Mortgage Documents").

NOW IT IS HEREBY AGREED as follows:

1

CONSENT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2

1.1 At the request of the Mortgagors and in consideration of the covenants of the Second Mortgagee hereinafter contained, the First Mortgagee consents to the execution and registration by the Mortgagors of the Second Mortgage Documents.
1.2 The First Mortgagee will procure that its consent will be given in such form as will enable the due registration of the Second Mortgage Documents.

2

SECOND MORTGAGEE'S UNDERTAKINGS WITH THE FIRST MORTGAGEE

2.1 In consideration of this Agreement, the Second Mortgagee agrees and undertakes with the First Mortgagee that:

a)

the security constituted by the Second Mortgage Documents shall in all respects rank

after the security constituted by the First Mortgage Documents;

b)

it will, forthwith upon becoming aware of the happening of any substantia! default under

any of the Second Mortgage Documents notify the First Mortgagee thereof;

c)

it will not take any action to enforce any of its rights and powers under any of the

Second Mortgage Documents (other than its right to demand payment of any moneys

secured thereby) unless and untii:

(i)

ali moneys secured by the First Mortgage Documents have been paid to the

First Mortgagee, or

(ii)

the First Mortgagee has given its prior written consent thereto;

d)

subject as provided in Clause 3, the First Mortgagee may at any time and from time to

time in its absolute discretion enforce or make any claims or exercise any of its rights

and powers under the First Mortgage Documents without prior consultation with the

Second Mortgagee and in case of any enforcement or other realisation of the security

constituted by any of the First Mortgage Documents, the Second Mortgagee will

cooperate in ali respects, as reasonable required by the First Mortgagee, hereunder if

reasonable required by the First Mortgagee, to discharge the Second Mortgage

Documents;

e)

it will not assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of any of its rights or obligations

under the Second Mortgage Documents to any other party without the prior written

approval of the First Mortgagee (not to be unreasonably withheld) and subject to such

party first entering into an agreement with the First Mortgagee in form and substance

satisfactory to it whereby such party will comply with the obligations of the Second

Mortgagee hereunder.

3

FIRST MORTGAGEE'S UNDERTAKINGS WITH THE SECOND MORTGAGEE

3.1 In consideration of the agreement of the First Mortgagee, the First Mortgagee agrees and undertakes with the First Mortgagee that:

a)

the maximum principal amount from time to time secured by the First Mortgagee shall

not exceed the amount set out in recital (A) plus interest, costs and expenses secured

thereby;

b)

the First Mortgagee will notify the Second Mortgagee as soon as practicable in writing

if it intends to exercise any of its rights or powers of enforcement under the First

Mortgage Documents (other than by its right to demand payment of any moneys

secured thereby) whereupon the Second Mortgagee shall have the option of paying

the First Mortgagee within twenty (20) banking days all moneys secured by the First

Mortgage Documents against an assignment and transfer of the First Mortgage

Documents to and at the expense of the Second Mortgagee, provided however, that

until receipt of ali moneys secured by the First Mortgage Documents, the First

Mortgagee shall continue to be entitled to enforce any of its rights and powers under

the First Mortgage Documents;

c)

the First Mortgagee shall not assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of its rights or

obligations under the First Mortgage Documents to any other party unless such party

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

3

has entered into an agreement with the Second Mortgagee whereby such party will comply with the obligations of the First Mortgagee hereunder;

d)

the First Mortgagee shall not secure any indebtedness other than the indebtedness of

the Mortgagor under the First Loan Agreement as the same may be amended,

supplemented and/or replaced from time to time, such that the loan granted under the

First Loan Agreement may be renewed and/or extended within the maximum amount

set out in recital (A);

e)

the rights of the Second Mortgagee under the Second Loan Agreement have the full

right of succession as and when claims due to the First Mortgagee under the First

Loan Agreement are paid off or redeemed in full.

4

PROCEEDS

4.1 The sale or total loss proceeds shall be applied as follows:

a)

firstly, in respect of all costs and expenses incurred by the First Mortgagee or any

receiver or any of their agents in connection with such sale or loss;

b)

secondly, in or towards satisfaction of all claims having priority prior to the loan under

the First Loan Agreement under any relevant applicable law;

c)

thirdly, in or towards payment of all sums secured in favour of the First Mortgagee

under the First Loan Agreement (insofar they are secured);

d)

fourthly, in respect of all costs and expenses incurred by the Second Mortgagee or any

receiver or any of their agents in connection with such sale or loss;

e)

fifthly, in or towards all sums secured in favour of the Second Mortgagee under the

Second Loan Agreement (insofar they are secured); and

f)

sixthly, the balance, if any, shall be paid to the Mortgagors or whomsoever shall be

entitled thereto.

5

AGREEMENT AMONG THE FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGEES

5.1 If an event of default has occurred under any of the Second Loan Agreement or any of the Second Mortgage Documents, the Second Mortgagee shall have the option to enforce any of its rights under any of the Second Mortgage Documents in all the asset creating security for the obligations of the Mortgagors pursuant to any of the Second Mortgage Documents (the "Security Assets") against paying to the First Mortgagee all moneys secured with first priority in the Security Assets in accordance with the principles set out in the waterfall provisions in Clause 4.1, upon giving the First Mortgagee not less than fifteen (15) banking days irrevocable written notice of such payment.
5.2 In the event the Second Mortgagee has exercised its rights under Clause 4.1, the First Mortgagee shall simultaneously with receiving payment assign and transfer the First Mortgage Documents relating to the designated Security Asset(s) to and at the expense of the Second Mortgagee, provided however, that the Second Mortgagee undertakes to distribute the security proceeds (after having deducted any expenses accrued in connection with the enforcement and the payment made to the First Mortgagee pursuant to Clause 5.1 in respect of the designated Security Asset(s) from the Security Proceeds) in accordance with the provisions of Clause 4.1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4

6

MISCELLANEOUS

6.1 Time is of the essence in this Agreement, but no failure or delay on the part of the parties hereto to exercise any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any power or right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise of that or any other such power or right.
6.2 Any provision in this Agreement prohibited by or unlawful or unenforceable under any applicable law in any relevant jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, only be ineffective in itself without modifying the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

7

NOTICES

7.1 Each of the parties hereto hereby agree to notify each other as soon as practicable after it becomes aware of the happening of an event of default under the terms of the respective First Mortgage Documents and Second Mortgage Documents, in each case in writing of the happening of such event of default and specifying the date upon which it became aware of the happening thereof.
7.2 Every notice or other communication under this Agreement shall be in writing and may be given or made by telex or by prepaid letter. It may also be made by telefax provided receipt of the telefax is confirmed by telefax otherwise in writing. Any notice sent by telex or telefax shall be confirmed by prepaid letter posted as soon as practicable thereafter.
7.3 Every notice or other communication shall be sent to the relevant party at the address or to the telefax number specified below (or such other address or telefax number as may from time to time be notified by it to the other parties hereto):
(a) to the First Mortgagee:
EXPORT DEVELOPMENT CANADA 151 O'Connor Street Ottawa, Canada K1A 1K3

Attention: Fax:

Loans Services (613)598-2514

Attention: Fax:

Asset Managemeni/Covenants Officer (613)598-3186

7.4 Every notice or other communication shall, except so far as otherwise expressly provided by this Agreement, be deemed to have been received, in the case of a telex or telefax (for the telefax on the condition contained in 6.1), at the time of despatch thereof (provided that, if the date of despatch is not a business day in the country of the party to whom such notice or demand is sent, it shall be deemed to have been received on the next following business day in the country of the addressee) and, in the case of a letter, upon actual receipt by the addressee.

8

LAW AND JURISDICTION

8.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the interna! laws of the Province of Quebec and the laws of Canada applicable therein, including, where applicable,

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5

Canadian maritime law, without regard to conflicts of law rules. The courts having jurisdiction in the Province of Quebec, Canada, including the Federal Court, shall have exclusive jurisdiction over matters arising out of or in connection with this Agreement.

This Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement by the parties listed on the signatories' page at the end of this Agreement.

EXPORT DEVELOPMENT CANADA

Norsk Tiilitsmann ASA

By:

By:

Name:

Name:

Cecon ASA

Cecon Shipping 1 AS

By:

By:

Name:

Name:

Cecon Shipping 2 AS

Cecon Shipping 3 AS

By:

By:

Name:

Name:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

6

