NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www. trustee.no
Denne innkalling til obligasjonseiermøte er kim utarbeidet på engelsk. Ved behov kan Norsk Tillitsmann ASA kontaktesfo r bistand med oversettelse.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 035580.3 - FRN Marine Accurate Well ASA Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012
ISIN: NO 001 037876.3 - 9.00 per cent Marine Accurate Well ASA Callable Subordinated Convertible Bond Issue 2007/2012
ISIN: NO 001 046158.5 - 12.00 per cent Marine Accurate Well ASA Subordinated Convertible Bond Issue 2008/2013
Oslo, 2 July 2009
SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING - AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENTS
1. INTRODUCTION
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") acts as Loan Trustee for the above mentioned Loans consisting of ISIN NO 001 035580.3 (the "FRN Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012"), ISIN NO 001 037876.3 (the "Callable Subordinated CB Issue 2007/2012") and ISIN NO 001 046158.5 (the "Subordinated CB Issue 2008/2013") (together referred to as the "Loans") where Marine Accurate Well ASA (the "Borrower" or "Maracc") is the Borrower.
All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreements for the Loans (the "Loan Agreements") unless otherwise stated herein.
The Borrower has engaged Pareto Securities AS as its financial adviser with respect to the Proposal, as defined below. Bondholders may contact Thomas S. Wrede-Holm (tel: +47 22 87 88 22 / email: thomas.wrede-holm@pareto.no) for further information.
The information in this summons regarding the Borrower and market conditions are provided by the Borrower, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.
2. BACKGROUND
In addition to this summons letter, the Borrower has provided a separate document which is intended to give an update of the Borrower's financial and operational status, which is enclosed to this summons. Bondholders are encouraged to read both documents.

M A ILIN G A D D RESS ® P.O .BO X 14 7 O V IK A , N - O I l 6 OSLO

LO CA TIO N ® HAAICON V II GATE I , O SLO , NORW AY

phone · +47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-m ail ® m ail@ trustee.no

NO RSK TILLITSM A N N ASA w w w .misuv.no

3. PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO THE LOAN AGREEMENTS

3.1. Postponement of interest The Borrower is proposing (the "Proposal") that the Loan Agreements are amended so that interest accrued and due for payment under the Loan Agreements during second half of 2009 are postponed. Unpaid interest due at Interest Payment Dates (for the respective Loans) during the period from 1 July 2009 until 31 December 2009 under the Loan Agreements (the "Due Interest Amounts") shall bear overdue interest equal to the relevant coupon rate plus 5% p.a. The overdue interest shall accrue from the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Due Interest Amounts (including overdue interest) falls due at the first Interest Payment Date in 2010 for each of the respective Loans. In addition, the relevant coupon rate (for the respective Loans) shall be increased by 5% p.a. from the relevant Interest Payment Date during second half of 2009 until the Due Interest Amounts is paid.

For the avoidance of doubt, this means that no interest payments will be made to Bondholders during second half of 2009 and that Bondholders entitled to interest at the relevant Interest Payment Dates in 2010 (for the respective Loans) will receive the Due Interest Amounts plus overdue interest on the Due Interest Amounts, as well as the increased coupon rate during the relevant period.

The table below sets out the relevant interest payments for each of the Loans.

Bond issue

Loan amount Coupon rate Int. pmt. date(s)

(USDm)

(p.a.)

2nd half 2009

FRN Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012

USD 120m 3mL + 5.0%

27-Aug-09 27-Nov-09

Callable Subordinated CB Issue 2007/2012

USD 80m

9.0% (fixed)

9-Jul-09

Subordinated CB Issue 2008/2013

USD 30m 12.0% (fixed)

7-Oct-09

1st int. pmt. date in 2010
27-Feb-10
9-Jan-10
7-Apr-10

3.2. Conditions The Proposal shall be conditional upon acceptance o f the above proposal from Bondholders in all the three Loans.

4. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL 4.1. Borrower's evaluation of the Proposal

2 -

-

NORSK TILLITSM A N N ASA www.tmstce.no

A successful completion of the Proposal will improve the liquidity position of the Borrower over the next 5 months by approximately USD 9 million, and will ensure sufficient liquidity to continue operations until December 2009. By that time, Maracc expects to have concluded the three ongoing tendering processes which are expected to result in a contract award for the semisubmersible unit that Maracc currently has under construction at Cosco Shipyard Group in China. Without a successful completion of the Proposal, Maracc will only have liquidity to continue operations until September 2009 and most likely not be in a position to conclude the ongoing tendering processes.
The Borrower's board of directors are of the opinion that a contract award is critical in order to address its remaining funding requirement. In today's challenging financial markets, the feasibility of raising new capital for a new build project without a long-term contract is deemed to be very low. The current trading levels of the Loans and implicit yields also reflect this view. Hence, failure to complete the Proposal would, in the board of directors' opinion, significantly diminish Maracc's possibilities to secure a contract, and consequently severely deteriorate values for the Bondholders, as well as other stakeholders.
4.2. The Loan Trustee's evaluation of the Proposal The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable.
It is recommended that the Bondholders consult with their own financial, legal and tax advisors to evaluate the consequences of the Proposal.
The Loan Trustee also points out that the Proposal is a proposal presented to the Loan Trustee by the Borrower and that the Loan Trustee has not been involved in negotiations or had any influence on the Proposal.

5. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

10 July 2009 at 13.00 (Oslo time). The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VII's gate 1, Oslo

There will be a separate Bondholders' meeting for each of the Loans.

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two bondholders to sign the minutes together with the chairperson 4. Request for change of the Loan Agreement

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

-3 -

NO RSK TILLITSM ANN ASA www.ln.istet.no

Approve the Proposal as described in clause 3 in the summons to this Bondholders' meeting.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with decisions made at the bondholders ' meeting as well as to carry out the necessary completion work.
The proposal must be approved by the Bondholders' meeting. For a valid resolution, a minimum presence o f 5/10 o f the outstanding bonds in the Loan is required. Further, consent from at least 2/3 of the votes cast is required in order for the proposal to be formally approved. If the proposal is not adopted, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged.
oooOOOooo
Please find enclosed a print-out from VPS, indicating your bondholding at the date of the print-out. This print-out will serve as proof of ownership1 of the bonds and of the voting rights of the individual Bondholder at the Bondholders' meeting in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Agreement.
The individual Bondholder may authorise Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Loan Trustee to vote on its behalf. A duly signed power of attorney, enclosing a copy of the complete print-out from VPS, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann ASA to vote must then be sent to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA by post (P.O. Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Norway) or via telefax (+47 22 87 94 10) or scanned email (post@,trustee.no) in due time before the meeting is scheduled.
In the event that bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must present to the meeting or enclose with the power of attorney, as the case may be, the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer. Please refer to the Loan Agreement for details.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann ASA by telephone (+47 22 87 94 00) or email (post@frustee.no) no later than 16:00 hours (CET) the business day before the Bondholders' meeting takes place.

Best regards, For Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(Åxc/hem
Liv Mona Arntzen

Enclosed:

Bondholder's Form Letter from the Borrower

1If the bonds are held in custody other than in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (" Verdipapirsentralen" or " VPS"), evidence from the custodian confirming that you are the beneficial owner o f the bonds, in which account number the bonds are held and the amount o f bonds owned has to be obtained and presented to the Bondholder's meeting or enclosed with the power o f attorney, as the case may be.

-4 -

maracc
Marine Accurate Well ASA Lagerveien 23 4033 Forus, Norway Tel: +47 51 81 71 00 Fax: +47 51 81 71 01 Org.no. 989 734 229 www.maracc.no

Stavanger, 2 July 2009

SU BJEC T: COMPANY UPDATE IN RELATION TO SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS ON 10 JULY 2009
Marine Accurate Well ASA (" M aracc" or the " C om pany" ) is a single-asset company with a semisubmersible rig under construction at Cosco Shipyard Group in China. The rig is a purpose built heavy well intervention and drilling unit targeted for North Sea operations. Well intervention and drilling equipment will be delivered by National Oilwell Varco, Nymo, Cameron and VetcoGray.
Since project start-up in early 2007, Maracc has raised approximately USD 60 million of equity capital and USD 230 million of debt capital. The proceeds have been used to partly finance the construction of the unit. The debt capital has been raised through the placement of three bond issues; (i) USD 120 million FRN Callable Bond Issue 2007 / 2012 (ISIN: NO 001 035580.3), (ii) USD 80 million Callable Subordinated CB Issue 2007 / 2012 (ISIN: NO 001 037876.3) and (iii) USD 30 million Subordinated CB Issue 2008 / 2013 (ISIN: NO 001 046158.5) (together referred to as the " Loans").
The Company has approached Norsk Tillitsmann ASA to summon a Bondholders' meeting for each of the Loans to consider postponing interest payments due during second half of 2009. Pareto Securities AS has been retained as financial advisor in connection with the process.
Project and marketing status
The construction of the semi-submersible rig is generally progressing according to schedule. The one exception is the deck box construction at Cosco Nantong which has fallen behind schedule and is expected to impact delivery from the yard. How this delay eventually will impact the overall project schedule is not yet quantified, however, a 7-1 0 months delay from the yard seems inevitable. This will in turn move the ready-for-operations date to Q3 2011. A worst case scenario would be a 12 months delay from the yard which would result in a ready-for-operations date towards the end of 2011.
Over the last 12 months a number of macro factors have adversely impacted the Borrower. Foremost are the drop in oil price and the global credit crunch resulting in subdued tendering activity for offshore units and a challenging funding environment. Consequently, the board of directors and management of Maracc have taken steps to address these challenges. Delayed payment schedules have been agreed with several of the major suppliers of the topside system and the marketing efforts have been intensified by involving more broker resources in order to pursue several prospects in parallel. Maracc is currently pursuing three tendering processes on three different continents, and expects to secure one of these contracts during second half of 2009.

1 -

-

M maracc

The current estimates support the previously communicated all-in project cost estimate of approximately USD 560 million. However, given uncertainty in relation to delivery of the unit and today's challenging financial markets, it should be noted that there is significant uncertainty in relation to the estimated all-in project cost.
Remaining capex and funding requirement
The Company has raised gross proceeds of approximately USD 290 million since project start-up in early 2007. As at end of April 2009, approximately USD 170 million has been paid to the yard and other suppliers and some USD 50 million has been paid in relation to project management and net financial costs. The cash balance as at end of April 2009 was approximately USD 70 million of which approximately USD 50 million was held on escrow accounts to the benefit of the yard and other suppliers.
Based on the estimated all-in project cost of USD 560 million referred to above, the overall remaining capex is estimated to approximately USD 340 million. On this basis, and adjusting for the Company's cash` position, the remaining funding requirement is estimated to approximately USD 270 million.
Eksportfinans has indicated willingness to provide a loan of up to USD 235 million, based on GIEK or other acceptable financial institutions guaranteeing the entire loan. GIEK is positive to consider issuing a guarantee covering the majority of the loan amount. However, securing such a loan would also require the participation from commercial banks which has proven difficult to obtain in today's financial market without a long-term contract in place. Hence, the main challenge for the Company is clearly to secure long-term employment for the unit.
Detailed terms of a potential bank financing package have not been agreed, however, it is likely that Eksportfinans will require 1st priority security and that the project is fully financed. Given that the remaining funding requirement is higher than the indicated loan amount, there is a funding shortfall which will have to be addressed in connection with a potential bank financing package.
Current financial position and liquidity forecast
As mentioned above, the cash balance as at end of April 2009 was approximately USD 70 million of which approximately USD 50 million was restricted and held on escrow accounts. Consequently, the available cash as at end of April 2009 was approximately USD 20 million.
Based on the Company's current liquidity budget, which reflects revised payment schedules with various major suppliers and approximately USD 9 million of interest payments made to bondholders between July and November 2009, it is forecasted that the Company will run out of available cash in Septem ber 2009.
Unless the Company is able to address the near-term liquidity situation, it will be very challenging for Maracc to continue pursuing the three ongoing tendering processes. Furthermore, such a situation would put the basis for continued operations in jeopardy.

2 -

-

The graph below shows the Company's forecasted cash position on a month-by-month basis.
Current liquidity budget

Proposal to bondholders
Maracc is proposing that interest accrued and due for payment under the Loans during second half of 2009 is postponed until the first relevant interest payment date in 2010 for each of the respective Loans. In order to compensate bondholders for not receiving any interest payments during second half of 2009, unpaid interest shall bear overdue interest equal to the relevant coupon rate plus 5% p.a. and the relevant coupon rate for the respective Loans shall be increased by 5% p.a. from the relevant interest payment date during second half of 2009 until the accrued interest is paid in full. The proposal shall be conditional upon acceptance from bondholders in all the three Loans.
Please refer to the summons for further details in relation to the proposal.
W hy bondholders should accept the proposal
By postponing interest accrued and due for payment during second half of 2009, Maracc's liquidity position over the next 5 months will be improved by approximately USD 9 million. This should provide the Company with sufficient liquidity to continue operations until December 2009 (at which point a significant payment is due to National Oilwell Varco). However, by that time, Maracc expects to have concluded the three ongoing tendering processes which are expected to result in a contract award for the unit.

3 -

-

maracc
The graph below shows the Company's forecasted proforma cash position on a month-by-month basis assuming that no interest payments are made to bondholders during second half of 2009.
Proforma liquidity budget (axel, interest on bond loans)

The Com pany is of the opinion that a contract award is critical in order to address the remaining funding requirement. In today's challenging financial markets, the feasibility of raising new capital for a new build project without a long-term contract is deemed to be very low. The current trading levels of the Loans and implicit yields also reflect this view. Hence, failure to complete the proposal would in the Company's opinion significantly diminish Maracc's possibilities to secure a contract and consequently any prospects of raising additional capital to address the remaining funding requirement. As such, the Company firmly believes that a failure to complete the proposal would severely deteriorate values for the bondholders, as well as other stakeholders.
For further information about Maracc, please refer to our website (www.maracc.no) .
Yours sincerely, On behalf of Marine Accurate Well ASA
Asle Solheim CEO

4 -

-

