Final version 10 October 2014

Term Sheet

ISIN: NO 0010722028
Golden Close Maritime Corp. Ltd. USD 400 million Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019
(the "Bond Issue" or "Bonds")
Settlement date: 24 October 2014

Issuer: Parent:
Guarantors:
Obligors: Group: Currency: Bond Issue Amount: Interest Rate: Settlement Date:
Final Maturity Date: Cash Sweep:

Golden Close Maritime Corp. Ltd. (registration no. 42362), incorporated in Bermuda.
Deep Sea Metro Ltd. (registration no. 42348), incorporated in Bermuda and being the direct 100% owner of the Issuer, or any New Parent (as defined below) replacing Deep Sea Metro Ltd. as Parent under the Bond Issue as permitted herein.
Golden Close II Ltd., Deep Sea Metro I Cooperatief UA, Deep Sea Metro Holland II B.V. and Deep Sea Metro Holland III B.V., and any other Group Company or Parent Subsidiary (as defined below) becoming a guarantor in accordance with Additional Security below or otherwise.
The Issuer and the Guarantors (each an "Obligor").
The Issuer with all its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
USD
USD 400 million
9.00 % p.a., quarterly interest payments.
24 October 2014. Notice to be given to subscribers a minimum of two banking days prior to the Settlement Date (on which date the net proceeds of the Bond Issue shall be credited to the Escrow Account (as defined below)).
The date falling five (5) years after the Settlement Date, 24 October 2019.
On each of the Interest Payment Dates (as defined below) in April 2015, October 2015 and April 2016, the Issuer shall repay the Bonds in an amount (the "Repayment Amount") equal to the aggregated balance on the Cash Sweep Accounts (as defined below) less an amount required to ensure that the Liquidity (as defined below) immediately following such repayment is USD 65 million (the

2

"Cash Sweep Liquidity Threshold"). Any Repayment Amount shall however be limited upwards to an amount of USD 20 million for each of the three abovementioned Interest Payment Dates. The Cash Sweep repayments shall be made pro rata at 100% of par value (plus accrued unpaid interest on the redeemed amount).

The Repayment Amount shall be calculated on the date falling seven (7) banking days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.

In the event that the Drillship has commenced operations on a minimum two (2) year (fixed duration) charter contract with a minimum dayrate of USD 450,000, the Cash Sweep Liquidity Threshold shall be reduced to USD 30 million.

Fixed Amortization:

From and including the Interest Payment Date in October 2016, the Issuer shall on each Interest Payment Date in October and April repay USD 10 million of the Bonds ("Fixed Amortizations"). Such Fixed Amortizations will be made pro rata at 100% of par value (plus accrued unpaid interest on the redeemed amount).

First Interest Payment Date: The date falling three (3) months after the Settlement Date, 24 January 2015.

Last Interest Payment Date: Final Maturity Date.

Interest Payments:

Interest on the Bonds will accrue from (and including) the Settlement Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the interest payment date in January, April, July and October each year (each an "Interest Payment Date"). Day-count fraction is "30/360", business day convention is "following unadjusted" and business day is "Oslo and New York".

Issue Price:

100% of par value.

Nominal value:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 1.00. Minimum subscription and allotment amount shall be USD 200,000.

Status of the Bonds:

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt of the Obligors and shall be secured on a first priority basis against certain assets of the Obligors and the Parent as set out herein, and otherwise rank at least pari passu with the claims of the Obligors' other creditors, except for obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of any subordinated capital.

Call Options:

The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or nothing) at any time from and including:

(i)

the Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling two (2) years

after Settlement Date at a price equal to:

(a) the present value on the relevant record date of par value plus 3/5 of the Interest Rate as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date falling two (2) years after Settlement Date; and

(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining interest payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through to and including the Interest Payment Date falling two (2) years after Settlement Date, and

(c) accrued but unpaid interests on the redeemed amount,

the present value under both (a) and (b) calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until

3

the mentioned interest payment date two (2) years after the Settlement Date) on the 10th banking day prior to the repayment date and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such repayment. The call notice shall be provided no later than ten (10) banking days prior to the repayment date;

(ii)

the date falling two (2) years after the Settlement Date to, but not

including, the date falling three (3) years after the Settlement Date, at a

price equal to par value plus 3/5 of the Interest Rate (plus accrued

unpaid interest on redeemed amount);

(iii) the date falling three (3) years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling four (4) years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to par value plus 2/5 of the Interest Rate (plus accrued unpaid interest on redeemed amount);

(iv) the date falling four (4) years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling four (4) years and six (6) months years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to par value plus 1/5 of the Interest Rate (plus accrued unpaid interest on redeemed amount); and

(v)

the date falling four (4) years and six (6) months after the Settlement

Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to

par value plus 1/10 of the Interest Rate (plus accrued unpaid interest on

redeemed amount).

Purpose of the Bond Issue:

The net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of legal costs, fees of the Managers and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall, subject to the applicable conditions precedents, be paid into the Escrow Account and applied by the Issuer from the Escrow Account (together with any other cash available to the Group) as follows:

(i) firstly, on the Disbursement Date (as defined below), to redeem and discharge in full, either by way of direct repayment or by use of covenant and security defeasance, the existing Golden Close Maritime Corp. Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2015 with ISIN NO 001059207.4 issued by the Issuer (the "Existing Bonds"), such redemption amount expected to be approximately USD 375.3 million, including unpaid interests, call premiums and costs (less any applicable cash sweep);

(ii) secondly, on the Disbursement Date, an amount equal to USD 35 million (the "SPS Reserve Amount") to be deposited into the SPS Reserve Account (as defined below);

(iii) thirdly, on the Disbursement Date, an amount up to USD 40 million towards payment of a special dividend to the Parent (the "Initial Dividend"), such Initial Dividend to be paid as described below; and

(iv) fourthly, any remaining proceeds from the Bond Issue as of the Disbursement Date towards general corporate purposes of the Group.

Initial Dividend:

The Initial Dividend shall on the Disbursement Date either be distributed (in part or in full) to the Parent, or transferred (in full or in part (reduced for any amount transferred to Parent on the Disbursement Date)) to a separate account (the "Initial Dividend Account") for any subsequent payment of distribution within the Initial Dividend.

The Initial Dividend Account shall not be pledged, blocked or subject to cash

Subordinated Loans:
Intra-Group Loans: Drillship:
Drillship Manager: Management Agreement: Bareboat Charterer:

4
sweep to any party other than the Parent.
The Issuer may at its own discretion transfer an amount from the Initial Dividend Account to any of the Pledged Accounts. Upon such transfer, the amount available for the Initial Dividend shall be reduced correspondingly, and such transfer may not be reversed at a later stage.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Initial Dividend may under no circumstances exceed USD 40 million less any amount transferred from the Initial Dividend Account to a Pledged Account.
The Parent may provide subordinated loans to the Issuer (together "Subordinated Loans" and each a "Subordinated Loan"). For the avoidance of doubt, the term Subordinated Loan shall not include any declared but unpaid Initial Dividend as long as the amount has not been transferred from the Initial Dividend Account to any other account held by an Obligor
Subordinated Loans shall be fully subordinated to the Bonds, and shall, save for Permitted Distribution (as defined below), mature (and actually be partly or fully repaid) after the date of the full redemption of the Bonds, and with no cash interest or amortization payment during the term of the Bonds. The rights of the Parent under the Subordinated Loans shall be subject to a first priority assignment in favour of the Trustee to secure the obligations of the Issuer under the Bond Agreement (as described under Security below), including a right for the Trustee to, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, declare any amounts outstanding from the Issuer to the Parent to be deemed repaid in full and any such Subordinated Loan immediately terminated.
Any Obligor may provide or permit to subsist loans to another Obligor (together "Intra-Group Loans" and each an "Intra-Group Loan". Such Intra-Group Loans shall be subordinated to any outstanding amount under the Finance Documents and be pledged in favour of the Bondholders (as defined below).
The Gusto P10000 designed drillship named "Deepsea Metro I" with IMO NO 9503768, owned by the Issuer. The drillship has 10,000 ft nominal water depth capability and DP class 3 dynamic positioning system, constructed and delivered by Hyundai Heavy Industries, South Korea in June 2011. The term "Drillship" shall include all equipment owned by the Issuer and which is legally part of the Drillship under the flag state of the drillship (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any equipment installed by the Existing Client or any subsequent Client or equipment rented). The Drillship shall be registered in Bermuda or Singapore (each a "Preapproved Ship Registry") or any other registry satisfactory to the Trustee. Any change of ship registry from one Preapproved Ship Registry to another may be completed without the Trustee's consent, however always subject to a satisfactory (in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee) Drillship Mortgage (as defined below) being duly perfected.
Odfjell Drilling AS and any such entity wholly owned by Odfjell Drilling Ltd. designated as manager by the Issuer.
Means the management agreement for the Drillship (as amended or replaced from time to time) dated 10 October 2008 entered into between the Issuer and the Drillship Manager and as may be further amended to include any Group Company, for the commercial and technical management and operation of the Drillship.
Means Deep Sea Metro Holland III B.V. or any subsequent bareboat charterer of the Drillship pursuant to the terms set out herein.

Bareboat Agreement: Existing Drilling Contract: Existing Client: Drilling Contract:
Security:

5

Means the bareboat charter made between the Issuer and the Bareboat Charterer for the bareboat charter of the Drillship for a minimum period equal to the remaining period under the prevailing Drilling Contract from time to time.

The contract for offshore drilling services, with reference number BG111935, entered into between the Existing Client (as defined below) and the Bareboat Charterer in respect of the Drillship originally dated 19 April 2011, as assigned, amended and extended.

Means BG Tanzania Limited UK, a company registered under the laws of England and Wales with company number 04360558.

The Drillship may during the term of the Bonds be operating under one or more drilling contracts (each a "Drilling Contract") with clients in different jurisdictions (each a "Client").

Any Drilling Contract shall be entered into by the Issuer, another Group Company or, subject to the Additional Security provisions below, a single purpose Subsidiary of the Parent established for this purpose (and not being a member of the Group) (the "Parent Subsidiary"), provided that entering into a new Drilling Contract would not be in violation of any Sanctions (as defined below).

All amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Trustee and the Bondholders from time to time, including but not limited to interest, default interest and expenses, shall be secured by the following security on a first priority basis (the "Security"):

Pre-Settlement Security:

(i)

a Norwegian law pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the

amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the

Escrow Account (as defined below) (the "Escrow Account Pledge").

Pre-Disbursement Security:

By the Parent:

(ii)

a pledge granted by the Parent over all (current and future)shares

(100%) in the Issuer (the "Issuer Share Pledge"), together with, inter

alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from the

current board members and covenants to obtain such from future

board members; and

(iii) a pledge of any Subordinated Loans (the "Parent Subordinated Loans Pledge").

By the Issuer:

(iv) a pledge granted by the Issuer over all (current and future shares in Golden Close II Ltd. (100%) and Deep Sea Metro I Cooperatief UA (being 99%) (the "Subsidiary Share Pledge"), together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members;

(v)

a mortgage over the Drillship (the "Drillship Mortgage") including all

relevant equipment being legally part of the Drillship Mortgage under

relevant law;

6

(vi) a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Pledged Accounts (as defined below) and any other bank accounts (other than the Initial Dividend Account) held by the Issuer (save for the Escrow Account Pledge which will be established Pre-Settlement) (the "Issuer Account Pledge");

(vii) an assignment of any relevant insurances related to the Drillship (the "Issuer Assignment of Insurances");

(viii) floating charge creating security over all relevant assets, rights (including intellectual property rights) and revenues of the Issuer (the "Issuer Floating Charge"), for the avoidance of doubt including any manuals and other operational documentation being the property of the Issuer;

(ix) a pledge of any Intra-Group Loans (the "Issuer Intra-Group Loan Pledge"); and

(x)

to the extent permissible under applicable law, an assignment of any

and all Management Agreements including declaration of

subordination by the Drillship Manager of any amounts payable by the

Issuer to the claims of the Bondholders (to the effect that payments to

the Drillship Manager may not be made while there is a default under

the Bonds), provided that such subordination shall not apply for (i) fees

received in good faith and (ii) unpaid fees and reimbursements of costs

constituting three month or less of management services (but due with

no more than three months) under the Management Agreement. The

assignment to contain direct cure and step-in rights and termination

rights for the Trustee in case of default under the Bonds, and the Issuer

shall give notice and obtain consent and acknowledgement from the

Drillship Manager (the "Assignment of Management Agreements").

By the Guarantors:

(xi) an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee (in Norwegian: "påkravsgaranti") issued by each of the Guarantors (payment to be made within 14 banking days of any demand received together with or following a notice from the Trustee that an Event of Default has occurred and is outstanding) (the "Guarantees");

(xii) pledges over any of the Guarantors' claims against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of any of the Guarantors in any of the Pledged Accounts (as defined below) and any other bank accounts held by a Guarantor (the "Guarantor Account Pledge");

(xiii) a pledge of any Intra-Group Loans (the "Guarantor Intra-Group Loan Pledge");

(xiv) a pledge granted by Deep Sea Metro I Cooperatief UA of all (current and future) shares (being 100%) in the Bareboat Charterer (the "Bareboat Charterer Share Pledge"), together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members;

(xv) a pledge granted by Golden Close II Ltd. of all its shares (being 1%) in Deep Sea Metro I Cooperatief UA (the "Subsidiary Share Pledge II"), together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event

Additional Security:

7
of Default) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members; and
(xvi) a pledge granted by Deep Sea Metro I Cooperatief UA of all (current and future)its shares (being 100%) in Deep Sea Metro Holland II B.V. (the "DSMH II Share Pledge"), together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members.

By the Bareboat Charterer:

(xvii) a pledge granted by the Bareboat Charterer over its claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Bareboat Charterer in the Bareboat Charterer Earnings Account (as defined below) (the "Bareboat Charterer Earnings Account Pledge");

(xviii)

an assignment by the Bareboat Charterer of the earnings under the Existing Drilling Contract or any subsequent Drilling Contract (as applicable) (the "Assignment of Earnings"); and

(xix) an assignment of any relevant insurances related to the Drillship (the "Bareboat Charterer Assignment of Insurances").

The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established no later than on the Settlement Date. The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to the first release from the Escrow Account, prior to or on the Disbursement Date.

The documents related to the Security in (i) to (xix) above shall be referred to herein as the Security Documents.

In the event that a new Drilling Contract is entered into, the Issuer and (to the extent relevant) the Obligors shall ensure that any Security required to be in place with respect to the Existing Drilling Contract shall be established relating to the new Drilling Contract, including Assignment of Earnings (subject to the Client's consent, if applicable) and any other Security as described above and as reasonably required by the Trustee to ensure that the Bondholders at all times maintain the first priority security position on no less favourable terms than envisaged in this term sheet. The Issuer and the Bareboat Charterer shall use their reasonable best endeavours to ensure that any new Drilling Contract allows for an Assignment of Earnings and/or obtain any required consent from the relevant Client.

If permitted under such new Drilling Contract and its governing law, and provided such contract is for a duration of more than 12 months, the Bareboat Charterer shall further provide an assignment by way of security of all other rights (than the earnings) of the Bareboat Charterer, including step-in rights, under the new Drilling Contract, and if not permitted without consent from the Client, the Issuer and the Bareboat Charterer shall use their reasonable best endeavours, to obtain the Client's consent to such assignment with corresponding step in rights.

In the event that such new Drilling Contract is entered into by a Parent Subsidiary or a Subsidiary of the Issuer other than the Bareboat Charterer, the Issuer and such Parent Subsidiary or Subsidiary of the Issuer shall enter into an intra-group charter contract, and procure the entrance into of any management agreements, in each case on arm's length terms and conditions and in a form and content reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee. Such Parent Subsidiary or Subsidiary and any other Group Company or other Subsidiary of the Parent being

Quiet Enjoyment Letter: Application of Earnings:
Accounts:

8
involved in the ownership of such Parent Subsidiary or other Subsidiary shall become, and assume the obligations of, a Guarantor (and Obligor) and provide the same security on similar terms as contemplated by the Security provisions herein shall be provided in respect of or by such companies (including but not limited to pledge of shares) in favour of the Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders.
Any new Assignment of Earnings shall be established and effective within 60 days after entry into of a Drilling Contract, and always prior to commencement of such Drilling Contract. The Drilling Contract Assignment shall, if permitted under the Drilling Contract and required (ref above), be established within the same deadline as the Assignment of Earnings, and to the extent consent is required from the Client, as soon as practical (and in no event more than 30 days) after the Client has given its consent to the assignment.
To the extent any other new Group Company is established, such company shall become, and assume the obligations of, a Guarantor (and Obligor) and the same security on similar terms as contemplated by the Security provisions herein shall be provided in respect of or by such companies (including but not limited to pledge of shares) to the Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders. Upon request from the Issuer, the Trustee may (but shall not be obligated to) waive the requirement in this paragraph where e.g. the scope, perfection, cost, work and time of providing the security is, in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, significantly disproportionate to the benefits accruing to the Bondholders.
The Issuer shall provide legal opinions addressed to the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), which shall include, inter alia, confirmations on capacity, validity, perfection and enforceability of such Additional Security (in a form and content satisfactory to the Trustee).
The Trustee shall issue a quiet enjoyment letter if so required by any Client, with wording as reasonably requested by such Client. The quiet enjoyment letter shall provide for the Trustee to assign the relevant Obligor's rights under a Drilling Contract to a nominee of the Trustee being reasonably satisfactory to the Client.
The earnings under any Drilling Contract shall be paid into the Bareboat Charterer Earnings Account on every Transfer Date, following which the Issuer and the Bareboat Charterer shall ensure application of the funds as follow:
1. To cover operational expenses for the relevant period; 2. To transfer funds to the Retention Account and on the relevant Interest
Payment Dates make interest payments as well as Cash Sweep and Fixed Amortization payments as described herein; 3. To cover (i) general corporate purposes and (ii) to make Permitted Distributions as further described herein.
The Obligors and the other Group Companies shall maintain their accounts with first class international bank(s) with a credit rating of at least `A' from Standard & Poor or similar level from Moody or Fitch (an "International Bank"), or, if required by local legal regulations where the relevant Obligor operates, any local bank as approved by the Trustee (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld), other than the Escrow Account which shall be established with the Paying Agent. Any amount in excess of what is required by local legal regulations and held with a local bank as stated above, shall be transferred to an International Bank as soon as practically possible and at the latest within 45 days.
The following accounts shall be established and/or maintained (all as defined and described below):

9

By the Bareboat Charterer: (i) the Bareboat Charterer Earnings Account;

By the Issuer: (ii) the Escrow Account; (iii) the Retention Account; and (iv) the SPS Reserve Account.

For all the accounts of any Obligor or other Group Company, other than the Initial Dividend Account and subject to applicable mandatory law, any claim against the relevant bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of such accounts, shall be pledged (but, unless otherwise stated herein, not blocked) in favour of the Trustee (the "Pledged Accounts").

All accounts of the Group other than (ii)-(iv) above and the Initial Dividend Account, shall be defined as the "Cash Sweep Accounts".

Escrow Account:

The Issuer shall prior to the Settlement Date establish the Escrow Account in USD and the net cash proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred by the Managers to the Escrow Account on the Settlement Date. The Escrow Account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Trustee, and the account bank shall waive any set-off rights. The amount in the Escrow Account shall only be used and the Issuer shall be entitled to withdraw amounts for use only according to the Purpose of the Bond Issue, including paying any fees and costs related to the Bond Issue. The Issuer shall irrevocably and unconditionally instruct the Trustee and the Paying Agent to pay any fees and costs (including legal costs) due and owing related to the Bond Issue as evidenced through invoice from the Managers approved by the Issuer using the proceeds in the Escrow Account, to the extent such fees and costs have not been deducted from the proceeds transferred to the Escrow Account.

Before the first release from the Escrow Account takes place (other than payment of fees and costs as set out above), all the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent (as described below) shall be complied with, or otherwise waived by the Trustee.

Bareboat Charterer Earnings Account:

The Bareboat Charterer shall procure that all its earnings under a Drilling Contract to which it is a party and all its other net earnings relating to the Drillship shall be paid from the relevant Client to the earnings accounts in its name that has been established in order to receive such earnings for the Drillship (the "Bareboat Charterer Earnings Account"). Subject to payment being made by the Client under a Drilling Contract, such transfer shall be made every month (each a "Transfer Date") as long as the Drillship is on a Drilling Contract. The Bareboat Charterer Earnings Account shall be pledged, but not blocked (unless there is an outstanding Event of Default for which the Trustee has issued a notice), in favour of the Trustee.

Retention Account:

The Issuer shall ensure that from the Settlement Date, an amount equal to 1/3 of the next Interest Payment shall be paid on a monthly basis to the Retention Account (the "Interest Retention Payments"), regardless (for the avoidance of doubt) of whether any revenues from a Drilling Contract is in place or received or not. Such Interest Retention Payments shall be used to make the Interest Payments under the Bond Issue. Furthermore, the Issuer shall from and including the month falling five (5) months prior to the first Fixed Amortization in October 2016 ensure that an amount equal to 1/6 of the next Fixed Amortization is paid on a monthly basis to the Retention Account (the "Amortization Retention Payments"), regardless (for the avoidance of doubt) of whether any revenues from a Drilling Contract is in place or received. Such Amortization Retention

SPS Reserve Account: Settlement Procedures:

10
Payments shall be used to make the Fixed Amortizations under the Bond Issue.
The Retention Account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Trustee, save for Interest Payments and Fixed Amortizations to be paid in accordance with the terms of the Bonds. The account bank shall waive any set-off rights.
The Issuer shall establish and maintain an SPS Reserve Account. The SPS Reserve Account shall be pledged (but not blocked) in favour of the Trustee, and the account bank shall waive any set-off rights.
The Issuer shall on the Disbursement Date pre-fund the SPS Reserve Account with the SPS Reserve Amount.
For the purposes of the Bonds, "Drillship SPS Capex" means the budgeted costs necessary in relation to the special periodic survey of the Drillship (the "SPS"), expected to be completed in June 2016 (but shall, for the avoidance of doubt, not include any additional investments not required for SPS purposes).
The Issuer shall be permitted to withdraw amounts from the SPS Reserve Account only for the purpose of making payments in respect of Drillship SPS Capex, hereunder reimburse any amounts paid directly by an Obligor in respect of the Drillship SPS Capex, such payments and reimbursements to be documented on a quarterly basis toghether with the Issuer's quarterly reporting to the reasonable satisfaction of the Trustee. Following receipt of the Full Term Class Certificate from DNV GL, the Issuer may withdraw any and all amounts standing to the credit of the SPS Reserve Account at its discretion and without further restriction. The Issuer shall (up until the receipt of the Full Term Class Certificate from DNV GL) in connection with its quarterly reporting requirement provide statements to include the balance on the SPS Reserve Account.
The Bond Issue Amount will consist of an initial cash tranche (the "Cash Tranche") and a tap issue tranche where subscriptions shall be settled by delivery of Existing Bonds, valued at par value (the "Exchange Tranche") as further specified in the Application Form.
Cash Tranche Settlement:
Investors subscribing in the Cash Tranche shall at latest on the Settlement Date pay the cash consideration to a settlement account designated by the Managers. On the Settlement Date, the net cash proceeds shall be transferred to the Escrow Account (as defined above) and Bonds shall be delivered to the investors.
Exchange Tranche Settlement:
Existing Bonds held by Investors subscribing in the Exchange Tranche shall at latest on the Settlement Date be marked (and thereby blocked for transfers etc for the benefit of the Trustee) in VPS (the "Exchange Bonds") in preparation for the exchange into new Bonds.
Subject to customary closing mechanisms as agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee, these Exchange Bonds shall be redeemed in consideration of a tap issue on or about the Disbursement Date, with delivery of new Bonds free of payment to the investors in the Exchange Tranche against cancellation of the Exchange Bonds.
The Disbursement Date, and hence the delivery of Bonds to the investors in the Exchange Tranche, may take place prior to the call date of the Existing Bonds (the "Call Date"). Any net cash payment (in USD) to the relevant investors shall be due and payable on the Call Date and will consist of (i) the applicable call

11

premium, adjusted for any cash sweep on the Exchange Bonds to take place on the Call Date, and (ii) any unpaid interest accrued on the relevant Existing Bonds up to the Settlement Date.

For the sake of clarity, an investor cannot subscribe for new Bonds by using Existing Bonds with an aggregate principal amount lesser than the amount of new Bonds that investor has subscribed for in the Exchange Tranche.

The Bonds issued in the Exchange Tranche will accrue interest from the Settlement Date and in all respects be equal to the Bonds issued in the Cash Tranche.

The VPS and the Trustee are authorized to carry out the aforesaid in the best practical way (including by making any adjustments thereto as deemed necessary or appropriate).

Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent:

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bond Issue from the Managers to the Escrow Account will be subject to certain conditions precedent customary for these types of transactions, including (but not limited to):

(i) confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default exists;

(ii) the Bond Agreement having been duly executed;

(iii) certified copies (by way of a director's or secretary's certificate) of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds, and the Parent and the Obligors to execute the Finance Documents;

(iv) a power of attorney from the Parent and each of the Obligors to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of each such party;

(v) certified copies (by way of a director's or secretary's certificate) of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for each of the Obligors, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing, and (ii) the Articles of Association of each of the Obligors;

(vi) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(vii) an agreement between the Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees duly executed;

(viii) the Pre-Settlement Security Documents, duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Escrow Account bank);

(ix) documentation satisfactory to the Trustee that the Issuer has duly appointed one of Ernst & Young, KPMG, PWC or Deloitte accountancy firms as its auditor;

(x) copies of the Project Documents, duly executed by the relevant parties;

(xi) confirmation that the Group has no Financial indebtedness other than the Existing Bond and no Subordinated Loans; and

Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent:

12

(xii) all legal opinions in respect of the Bond Agreement and the PreSettlement Security, and the parties thereto, having been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee.

The Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out above.

Release from the Escrow Account for the purposes described under Purpose of the Bond Issue above will be subject to customary closing mechanisms as agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee and the satisfaction of relevant conditions precedent, received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, including (but not limited to) as set out below prior to or on the disbursement date the ("Disbursement Date"):

Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent:

(i)

a duly executed release notice from the Issuer (including a statement

regarding use of funds in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue

and confirmation of no potential or actual Event of Default);

(ii)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Accounts (except the

Escrow Account) are opened;

(iii) agreements for existing Subordinated Loans and/or Intra-Group Loans duly executed;

(iv) confirmation from the Issuer that no Financial Indebtedness, security or guarantees (other than that expressly permitted under the Finance Documents) exists;

(v)

satisfactory evidence that all applicable insurances have been taken out,

including report or opinion from an insurance adviser acceptable to the

Trustee confirming that the insurances are in compliance with the terms

set out in this term sheet;

(vi) all Pre-Disbursement Security Documents being executed and perfected;

(vii) copy of the Project Documents duly executed by the relevant parties;

(viii) evidence satisfactory to the Trustee of due registration in the relevant flag state of the Drillship in the name of the Issuer;

(ix) copies of necessary corporate resolutions from the Obligors to execute the Pre-Disbursement Security Documents (unless delivered PreSettlement);

(x) copies of class certificates in respect of the Drillship confirming that it maintains class free of all overdue recommendations and conditions of the relevant classification society;

(xi) copies of Safety Management Certificate and ISPS Code Certificate for the Drillship;

(xii) other relevant vessel documents in respect of the Drillship customary in the relevant jurisdiction;

(xiii) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Trustee in respect of the Pre-Disbursement Security Documents have been received in form and

Representations and Warranties:
Information Covenants:

13
substance satisfactory to the Trustee;
(xiv) evidence that the Existing Bonds have been called in accordance with its terms, and will be fully repaid or subject to defeasance pursuant thereto, and any and all security and guarantees provided thereunder is or will be unconditionally discharged and released in connection with such repayment, subject to a closing mechanism agreed with the Trustee;
(xv) evidence that the SPS Reserve Amount has been (or upon release from the Escrow Account will be) deposited into the SPS Reserve Account; and
(xvi) any other Finance Documents (unless delivered Pre-Settlement and to the extent applicable) are in acceptable form and duly executed.
The Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of certain conditions precedent at its sole discretion, including by agreeing to a mechanism of releasing any security granted under the Existing Bond and re-establishing the security under the Bond Issue. The conditions precedent to be delivered shall take place in accordance with a closing memorandum satisfactory to the Trustee.
Notwithstanding the above, the Trustee shall be authorized to pay any fees and costs (including legal costs) due and owing related to the Bond Issue as evidenced through invoice from the Managers and approved by the Issuer using the proceeds in the Escrow Account, to the extent such fees and costs have not been deducted from the proceeds transferred to the Escrow Account.
In the event that the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent are not satisfied and/or payment of the Prepayment Amount is not made for any reason within the date falling two months following Settlement Date, the following shall occur:
a) The Bonds in the Cash Tranche shall be repaid at the 101% of par value plus accrued interest until payment is made. Funds held in the Escrow Account shall be applied for this purpose; and
b) The Exchange Tranche Settlement shall not be carried out. The Existing Bond blocked as set forth herein shall be released back to the relevant Bondholders by the Trustee as per their further request.
The Bond Agreement (as defined below) shall include customary representations and warranties in accordance with the current standards of the Trustee to be provided by each of the Obligors and the Parent (as applicable), including (i) representations and warranties in respect of the legal and beneficial ownership and right to its earnings, claims and other assets and (ii) customary representations and warranties in respect of the Drillship (including without limitations (a) ownership of, encumbrances on and registration of the Drillship, (b) that the Drillship is in good, safe and efficient condition and state of repair consistent with prudent ownership and management practice, (c) classification of the Drillship, (d) management services of the Drillship, and (e) compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including Sanctions).
During the term of the Bonds, the Parent and the Obligors (as the case may be) shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed otherwise) comply with inter alia the following information covenants:
(i) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

14

(ii) without being requested to do so, inform the Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business or intends or to effect any other transaction which would constitute a Mandatory Prepayment Event (as defined below);

(iii) prepare annual audited reports and unaudited quarterly reports for the Issuer and the Parent (on a consolidated basis) and make such reports available on the Drillship Managers' website or a website relating to the Issuer or the Parent as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. Such reports shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS (simplified if applicable), and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's Board of Directors;

(iv) at the request of the Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(v) without being requested to do so, send the Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(vi) after the Bonds are listed on an exchange, at the request of the Bond Trustee, send a copy to the Trustee of its notices to the exchange;

(vii) without being requested to do so, inform the Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the VPS; and

(viii) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Obligors' business, assets and financial condition as the Trustee may reasonably request.

Obligors' general covenants:

During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer and/or the other Obligors (as the case may be) shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed otherwise) comply with the following general and special covenants:

Ownership. The Issuer shall maintain a 100% direct ownership and control over the Drillship and a 100% direct or indirect ownership and voting rights of any Obligor (other than any Parent Subsidiary), provided however that it can carry out a sale subject to the Mandatory Prepayment provisions.

Mergers. The Obligors shall not, and shall make sure that no member of the Group, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of any Obligor with any other companies or entities not being an Obligor.

De-mergers. The Obligors shall not, and shall make sure that no member of the Group, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of an Obligor into two or more separate companies or entities.

Disposal of business. The Obligors shall not, and shall make sure that no member of the Group, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, provided however that the Issuer can carry out a sale of the Drillship subject to the Mandatory Prepayment provisions.

15
Arm's length transactions. The Obligors shall not, and shall make sure that no member of the Group, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
Compliance with laws. The Obligors shall, and shall make sure that all members of the Group, perform its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. The Obligors shall not, and shall ensure that no members the Group, engage in any conduct prohibited by any Sanctions and neither of them shall engage in any conduct that would cause adverse consequences to any of the Obligors or the Bondholders under any Sanctions.
Pari passu ranking. The obligations of the Parent and/or each Obligor under any Finance Document to which it is a party shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Parent or relevant Obligor (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
Continuation of business. No Obligor shall cease to carry on its business, and no substantial change shall be made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Issuer or the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in the Bond Agreement.
Corporate status and constitutional documents. The Obligors shall not change their type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation. The Issuer shall not amend its constitutional documents, unless related to any capital increase with or without issuance of new shares to the Parent in connection with conversion of debt to equity or otherwise, provided that any new shares are subject to the applicable share pledge.
Project Documents. The Issuer and the other Obligors shall (i) perform and observe in all material respects with all of its (or any of its Subsidiaries') covenants and agreements contained in any of the Project Documents to which it is or becomes a party, (ii) take all necessary action to prevent the termination of any such Project Document in accordance with the terms thereof or otherwise, other than as a result of expiry of the relevant contract period or termination by counter party against payment of early termination fees reflecting remaining contract period and (iii) take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary promptly to enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under such Project Documents. The Obligors shall not (i) consent to any material amendment of any such Project Document or exercise any material option thereunder, or (ii) agree to or permit the assignment of any rights or the delegation of any obligations under the Project Documents.
No other business. The Obligors shall not invest or take part in any other activity than solely related to the ownership and operation of the Drillship and the Bond Issue (for the avoidance of doubt the operations may be facilitated directly or through any other Group Company and any Drilling Contract may only be entered into between the Issuer, another Group Company and/or a Parent Subsidiary, and the counterparty.
Investments and financial arrangements. The Obligors shall not make any investments or capital expenditures other than solely related to the ownership of and operation of the Drillship, and only where such investments or capital expenditures are non material and in the ordinary course of business or fully prefunded by equity or Subordinated Loans. The Obligors shall not make any financial or other arrangements concerning the Drillship and its employment other than provided for in this Term Sheet. No Obligors shall enter into any sale-

16
and leaseback transactions with respect to the Drillship or any material equipment.
Distributions. The Issuer, or any Parent Subsidiary or other Obligor outside the Group, shall not declare or make any dividend payments (other than the Initial Dividend), loans or other distributions, including repayment or service of Subordinated Loans, or make any other transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders ­ whether in cash or in kind ­ including without limitation repurchase of shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity (together "Distributions") in the period up to and including the Interest Payment Date in October 2016. Thereafter, the Issuer, or any Parent Subsidiary or other Obligor outside the Group, may make Distributions provided that (i) such Distribution constitutes less than 75% of the Obligor's consolidated Free Cash Flow After Debt Service (as defined below) for the immediately preceeding two (2) quarterly reporting period, (ii) all covenants and other provisions of the Finance Documents are complied with by the Obligors and the Parent (including the Financial Covenants), and (iii) no Event of Default exists or will occur as a consequence of or immediately following such Distribution (in aggregate referred to as the "Permitted Distribution"). Any Permitted Distribution shall be made semiannually within thirty (30) banking days following the relevant Interest Payment Date.
The above restrictions shall not apply to any Distributions (i) from any Parent Subsidary to the Parent to the extent an amount equal to the relevant Distribution simoultaneously is provided to the Issuer as a Subordinated Loan (ii) or from an Obligor to another Obligor.
As used above, "Free Cash Flow After Debt Service" shall mean the sum of (i) any cash flow from operations; (ii) any cash flow from investments; (iii) any cash flow from financing (including payment of interest and amortization on the Bond) but excluding any cash flow from equity, Subordinated Loans and IntraGroup Loans.
Financial Assistance. The Obligors shall not, and shall make sure that no member of the Group, grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting security) to any third party, other than in the ordinary course of business.
Negative pledge. The Obligors shall not, and shall make sure that no member of the Group, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any security over any of its present or future respective assets or revenues, other than (i) the Security under this Bond Issue, (ii) security (including security defeasance) under the Existing Bonds pending redemption thereof; (iii) security for unpaid purchase in favour of third party suppliers in the ordinary course of business consistent with market practice (iv) any pledge of the Initial Dividend Account in favour of the Parent as security for any declared but unpaid Initial Dividend, or (v) any lien or security arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business in respect of claims that are not overdue.
No Financial Indebtedness. The Obligors shall not, and shall make sure that no member of the Group, incur or permit to remain outstanding, any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than (i) the Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue, (ii) Financial Indebtedness under the Existing Bond pending redemption thereof (subject to full covenant and security defeasance from the Disbursement Date); (iii) declared but unpaid Initial Dividend, any Intra-Group Loans or Subordinated Loans or (iv) as a result of seller's credit provided by third party suppliers in the ordinary course of business consistent with market practice.

17

Parent Special Covenants:

Auditor. The Issuer shall maintain any one of Ernst & Young, KPMG, PWC or Deloitte accountancy firms as the Group's duly appointed auditor.
Inspection. Upon request of the Trustee, the Obligors shall arrange for the Trustee, and/or any persons appointed by the Trustee, to undertake a technical inspection of the Drillship without interference of the daily operation of the Drillship and at the expense of the Issuer (however limited to two yearly inspections at the expense of the Issuer unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing).
Security Documents. The Obligors shall maintain the Security Documents and any Additional Security (if applicable) in good condition and repair, and do all acts which may be necessary or reasonably requested by the Trustee to ensure that such security remains duly created, perfected on first priority and enforceable, at the expense of the Issuer or the relative security provider (as the case may be).
Subordination of claims. The Obligors shall procure that all claims of (i) the Drillship Manager (save as described above) and (ii) the Parent under any Subordinated Loan are subordinated to obligations under the Finance Documents, as set out herein.
The Bond Agreement shall include other standard covenants as customary in the Norwegian high-yield bond market and included in the Trustee's standard documentation.
During the term of the Bonds, the Parent shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed otherwise) comply with the following special covenants:
No enforcement. The Parent shall not enforce any monetary claim against the Issuer without prior written consent of the Trustee, nor permit any affiliated party to enforce such claim.
Project Documents. The Parent shall (i) perform and observe in all material respects with all of its covenants and agreements contained in any of the Project Documents to which it is or becomes a party, (ii) take all necessary action to prevent the termination of any such Project Documents in accordance with the terms thereof or otherwise, other than as a result of expiry of the relevant contract period or termination by counter party against payment of early termination fees reflecting remaining contract period (iii) take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary promptly to enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under such Project Documents, (iv) not consent to any material amendment of any such Project Document or exercise any material option thereunder.
Loyalty. The Parent shall in its capacity as controlling shareholder of the Issuer to the extent applicable act in accordance with and loyalty to the terms of the Finance Documents, e.g. not demand or vote in favour of any dividend payments or other distributions from the Issuer other than allowed herein.
Ownership, disposal of shares. The Parent shall maintain no less than 100% direct ownership and control over the shares in the Issuer. The Parent shall maintain no less than 100% direct or indirect ownership and control over the shares in any Parent Subsidiary.
Negative pledge. The Parent shall not create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any security over the Subordinated Loans and/or any of the shares in the Issuer

Drillship Manager Special Covenants:
Financial Covenants:

18
other than as contemplated by the Finance Documents.
Security Documents. The Parent shall maintain the Security Documents and any Additional Security (if applicable) granted by it in good condition and repair, and do all acts which may be necessary or reasonably requested by the Trustee to ensure that such security remains duly created, perfected on first priority and enforceable, at the expense of the Parent or the Issuer.
Parent guarantee. The Parent shall, in the event it issues or agrees to issue any form of guarantee on behalf of or to the benefit of any other rig-owning Subsidiary of the Parent not being an Obligor (other than any third party pledge of shares in, or shareholder debt relating to, such subsidiary) to secure the part financing of such rig, promptly execute an unconditional and irrevocable ondemand guarantee in favour of the Trustee as security for any and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Trustee and the Bondholders from time to time.
Subordination of claims. The Parent shall procure that all payments by any Obligor or other Group Company to (i) the Drillship Manager (save as described above) and (ii) the Parent under any Subordinated Loan are subordinated to obligations under the Finance Documents, as set out herein.
During the term of the Bonds, the Drillship Manager shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed otherwise) comply with the following special covenants:
Subordination and no enforcement. The Drillship Manager accepts that all payments by any Obligor or other Group Company to the Drillship Manager shall be fully subordinated (save as described above) to obligations under the Finance Documents and shall not enforce any monetary claim against the Issuer without prior written consent of the Trustee, nor permit any affiliated party to enforce such claim.
Project Documents. The Drillship Manager shall (i) perform and observe in all material respects with all of its covenants and agreements contained in any of the Project Documents to which it is or becomes a party and the Assignment of Management Agreements and any notices, declarations and acknowledgements pertaining thereto; and (ii) not consent to any material amendment of any such Project Document or exercise any material option thereunder.
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed otherwise) comply with the following financial covenants:
Minimum Liquidity: The Issuer shall ensure that the Obligors and the Group Companies maintain a minimum Liquidity of no less than USD 15 million.
Asset Coverage Ratio:The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Asset Coverage Ratio of minimum 125.0%.
The above financial covenants shall apply at all times, but (i) with respect to the Minimum Liquidity be measured on each quarter date and certified by the Issuer in conjunction with each quarterly financial reporting and (ii) with respect to the Asset Cover Ratio be measured and reported semi-annually. For the purpose of these financial covenants:
"Approved Shipbrokers" means Pareto Offshore AS, RS Platou ASA, Fearnley Offshore AS, IHS Petrodata, Clarkson, Nor-Ocean Offshore AS or such other reputable and independent brokers as approved by the Trustee;

19

"Adjusted Financial Indebtedness" means the aggregated Financial Indebtedness of the Group less the aggregate amount standing to the credit of any Group Company on any Pledged Account;

"Asset Coverage Ratio" means the Market Value to Adjusted Financial Indebtedness;

"Cash and/or Cash Equivalent" means, on any date, the aggregate on such date of the then current market value of: (a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or deposit accounts with an acceptable bank; and (b) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an acceptable bank; in each case to which any relevant Obligor is beneficially entitled at the time and to which any Obligor has free and unrestricted access. An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is a commercial bank or savings bank which has a credit rating of at least `A' from Standard & Poor or similar level from Moody or Fitch or a comparable rating from a nationally recognized credit rating agency for its long term debt obligations or, if required by local legal regulations where the relevant Obligor operates, any local bank as approved by the Trustee (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld);

"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, and guidelines and interpretations issued thereto by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time;

"Liquidity" means, at any given time, the aggregate book value of the freely available Cash and/or Cash Equivalents standing to the credit of the Obligors and Group Companies on any of the Cash Sweep Accounts; and

"Market Value" means the value of the Drillship as determined by the arithmetic average of valuations of the Drillship provided semi-annually by two Approved Shipbrokers on a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and a willing buyer, on an "as is, where is" basis, free of any existing charter or other contract of employment.

Drillship Covenants:

The Bond Agreement shall include standard covenants applicable to the Drillship, including without limitation: (i) maintenance of insurances (see below), (ii) no sale of the Drillship without redemption of the Bond Issue (see Mandatory Prepayment), (iii) maintenance of highest applicable class, (iv) maintenance of name, flag and registry in a Preapproved Ship Registry, (v) Drillship to be kept in a good and safe condition and repair consistent with first class ownership and industry standards, (vi) operation in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, (vii) restrictions on material modifications; and (viii) notifications (accidents, total loss, arrest and lien, material requirements and recommendations, laws and regulations, litigation, termination or material amendments of drilling and charter arrangements etc.

Maintenance of insurances:

The Issuer and the Bareboat Charterer shall procure that reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of insurances of the Drillship and all relevant equipment related thereto is provided for at all times, hereunder to retain the Drillship in class.

The Drillship shall be adequately insured against such risks and in such amounts as per industry standards and otherwise reasonably required by and placed or entered with such reputable insurers, brokers or P&I clubs of financial standing as approved by and otherwise acceptable to the Trustee on agreed value basis,

Permitted Corporate Reorganization:
Change of Control: Change of Control Event: Mandatory Prepayment:

20
including without limitation (i) war risk, (ii) Hull & Machinery (and, if relevant, Hull Interest and/or Freight Interest) (ii) third party liability insurance as per industry standards and (iv) any additional insurance required under any law or the relevant Drilling Contract, but for the avoidance of doubt not including loss of hire. The amounts in respect of each of (i) and (ii) in the foregoing shall be equal to (a) at least the full value of the Drillship and (b) at least 120% of the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents, and the deductible amount in respect of claims shall in each event not exceed fair market terms for any one occurrence or such higher amount as the Trustee (acting on the instructions of the Bondholders) otherwise agrees.
The Trustee shall be named as an additional assured and as exclusive loss payee on the relevant insurances. In addition the Issuer shall reimburse any premium for Mortgagee Interest Insurance (MII) up to 120% of the outstanding under the Finance Documents. Any Mortgagee Additional Perils Insurance shall be at the discretion of the Issuer.
The insurances and loss payee clause shall be in accordance with the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan of 2013 or other insurances with no less favorable terms.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a reorganization of the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries, including the Obligors, undertaken to improve the overall efficiency of the business, including without limitation, for the purpose of tax planning by the Group shall be permitted, provided that the Bondholders under such structure will obtain a security position which, in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, is no less favourable to the Bondholders than those contemplated by the Finance Documents and approved by the Trustee. Such reorganization may include, without limitation, mergers, de-mergers, change of corporate status or jurisdiction, and creation or liquidation of subsidiaries.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the current Parent, Deep Sea Metro Ltd., may transfer all (but not only some) of its shares in the Issuer to an entity incorporated in Bermuda or any other jurisdiction reasonably acceptable to the Trustee (the "New Parent"), provided (a) that the New Parent (i) grants security replacing the Issuer Share Pledge and the Parent Subordinated Loans Pledge, (ii) accedes to all of Deep Sea Metro Ltd.'s rights and obligations in connection with the Bond Issue and (iii) otherwise becomes subject to the same terms, including (without limitation) ownership of the Issuer and any Parent Subsidiary, and (b) such share transfer does not, in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, result in any less favourable security position to the Bondholders than those contemplated by the Finance Documents.
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (the "Put Option") of the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued unpaid interest). The Put Option may be exercised during a period of sixty (60) days following the notice of a Change of Control Event. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third (3rd) banking day after the end of the sixty (60) day period.
Means if either (i) minimum 40% of the outstanding shares and voting rights of the Issuer ceases to be held, directly or indirectly, by Odfjell Drilling Ltd or Odfjell Offshore Ltd, or (ii) (as long as Odfjell Offshore Ltd holds shares and/or voting rights in the Issuer) minimum 40% of the outstanding shares and voting rights of Odfjell Offshore Ltd ceases to be held, directly or indirectly, by Odfjell Drilling Ltd.
Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, a Total Loss Event) occurring, the Issuer shall not later than 30 days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event (unless there is an Event of Default in

Total Loss Event: Total Loss Prepayment: Mandatory Prepayment Event:
Event of Default:
Material Adverse Effect: Sanctions:

21
which case it will be promptly), redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at a price equal to the Call Options levels on such date (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount). For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid redemption prices shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Repayment Event occurred and not based on the date of repayment. If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Mandatory Repayment provision, the entire amount in any of the Accounts, may be used as part payment in relation to the Mandatory Repayment.
Means an actual or constructive total loss of the Drillship.
Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly once insurance proceeds are available, but in any event no later than 180 days following the Total Loss Event, redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount). If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Total Loss Prepayment provision, the entire amount in any of the Accounts and any of the insurance proceeds, may be used as part payment in relation to the repayment.
Means if:
(i) the Issuer ceases to be the sole owner of the Drillship; and/or (ii) the Parent ceases to be the direct owner of minimum 100% of the
shares in the Issuer, and/or (iii) the Issuer ceases to control 100% ownership, directly or indirectly, of
any of the Obligors in the Group, and/or (iv) the Parent ceases to control 100% direct or (subject to relevant
Additional Security being put in place) indirect ownership of any Obligors outside the Group, including any Parent Subsidiary.
The Bond Agreement shall include standard remedy and event of default provisions, including with respect to prepayment provisions (at prevailing Call Option Levels), remedy periods and cross default provisions relating to the Obligors and other Group Companies and the Parent (if a parent guarantee has been issued) with a threshold of (on an aggregated basis) USD 5,000,000.
The Finance Documents will contain waterfall provisions in case of partial payments i.e. first to cover costs, fees and expenses of the Trustee (the "Trustee Expenses") and thereafter any other outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents. In case the Issuer does not pay the Trustee for incurred fees, then the Trustee may seek funding of the Trustee Expenses from the Bondholders, or failing them, other sources, in which case such other sources will be subrogated into the position of the Trustee, but subordinate to any further Trustee Expenses.
Means a material adverse effect on: (i) the financial condition, business or operations of the Issuer and/or the other Obligors (as a whole) (and the Parent if a parent guarantee has been issued), (ii) any of the Obligors' or the Parent's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents, or (iii) the validity or enforceability of any Finance Document.
Means the economic sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes or restrictive measures or decisions applicable to any of the Obligors or any other Group Company, imposed, adopted, enacted, implemented enforced or administrated by, or by any authority acting on behalf of or designated by, (i) the Norwegian State, (ii) the United Nations, (iii) the United Kingdom, (iv) the European Union and/or (v) the United States of America, and with regard to (i)-(v) above, the respective governmental institutions and agencies of any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury (OFAC) and the United States Department of State.

22

Financial Indebtedness:
Subsidiary: Project Documents:

Means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(i) moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility);
(ii) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument; (iii) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase
contract which would, in accordance with IFRS (simplified if applicable), be treated as a finance or capital lease; (iv) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis); (v) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under IFRS (simplified if applicable); (vi) any liability under a deferred purchase agreement where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset; (vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the marked-to-market value shall be taken into account); (viii) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, (including any forward sale or purchase agreement); (ix) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of any underlying liability; and (x) (without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to under (i) through (ix) above.

Subsidiary means an entity over which another entity has a Decisive Influence. "Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person (a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or (b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person. When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the direct or indirect parent company(ies) of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.

Means:

(i)

the Management Agreement;

(ii) the Drilling Contract(s), included any internal Drilling Contracts; and

(iii) any contract replacing any of the foregoing.

Finance Documents: Offering Memorandum:

Means:

(i)

the Bond Agreement;

(ii)

the Security Documents;

(iii) the Trustee's fee letter; and

(iv) any other document (whether creating Security or not) which is

executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to

any amount payable under the Bond Agreement.

The preliminary offering memorandum dated 6 October 2014.

23

Issuer's ownership of Bonds: The Issuer and the Parent has the right to acquire and own Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's or Parent's discretion be retained by the Issuer or Parent, sold or discharged.

Issuer Bonds:

Bonds held by the Issuer, any party or parties who have decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.

Joint Lead Managers and Bookrunners (the "Managers"):

Danske Bank A/S, Bryggetorget 4, 0107 Oslo, Norway . DNB Markets, DNB Bank ASA, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 0191 Oslo, Norway. Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, 0115 Oslo, Norway. RS Platou Markets AS, Haakon VII`s gate 10, 0116 Oslo, Norway. Swedbank Norge, Filipstad Brygge 1, 0115 Oslo, Norway.

Trustee:

Nordic Trustee ASA (previously Norsk Tillitsmann ASA), Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo.

Governing Law and jurisdiction:

Norwegian law and Norwegian courts (at the competent legal venue of the Trustee) for the Bond Agreement and appropriate law for the other Finance Documents.

Registration:

The Bonds will be registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (the "VPS"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the Bondholders through VPS.

Paying Agent:

DNB Bank ASA.

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the issuance of the Bonds or the Security Documents, but not in respect of trading of the Bonds in the secondary market. If payments under the Bonds are subject to withholding tax, the Issuer shall deduct before payment to the Bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law and make an additional payment to the Bondholders equivalent to such deduction (gross up).

Bond Agreement and terms of subscription:

The bond agreement governing the Bond Issue (the "Bond Agreement") will be entered into by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Parent and the Trustee (acting as representative for the holders of Bonds from to time (the "Bondholders")), and it shall be based on the Trustee's current Norwegian high-yield standard. The standard is available upon request to the Trustee or the Managers. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy occurs between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.

The subscriber will through their application be deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement and the Security Documents. Although minor adjustments to the structure and terms described in this Term Sheet may occur, the provisions in the Bond Agreement will be substantially consistent with those set forth in this Term Sheet.

The application for and subscription of Bonds will occur on the terms of the application form provided by the Manager (the "Application Form"), which specifically authorises the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective Bondholders, who will execute and deliver such Application Form by a signed document, taped telephone conversation, e-mail or otherwise prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become bound by the Bond Agreement.

Stock exchange listing: Market making: Eligible purchasers:
Transfer restrictions:

24
The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become bound by the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered by VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request to the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.
An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on Nordic ABM.
No market-maker agreement has been made for this Bond Issue.
The Bonds are being offered only (i) to non-"U.S. persons" in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of Rule 902 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act") and (ii) to "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act.
In addition to the Application Form that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds will not be offered to and may not be purchased by any investor save for in accordance with the abovementioned exemptions within the United States or appropriate exemptions under the laws of any other jurisdictions. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada. See further details and description of applicable subscription and transfer restrictions in the Offering Memorandum and the Application Form. Failure by investors to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities legislation.
Except as set out below, and subject to any restrictions to which a Bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged, subject to the following:
Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business etc). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder who has purchased the Bonds in contravention of mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under the Bond Agreement.
Bondholders understand that the Bonds will be "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (A) (i) to the Issuer, (ii) to a person who the seller reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act purchasing for its own account or for the account or benefit of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, as applicable, of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if

25
available), (v) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, subject to the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel or such other evidence that the Issuer may reasonably require confirming that such sale or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act; or (vi) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and (B) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and any other jurisdiction. No representation can be made as to the availability of the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 for resales of the Bonds.
Oslo, 10 October 2014
Golden Close Maritime Corp Ltd As Issuer

Danske Bank A/S

DNB Markets

Pareto Securities AS

As Joint Lead Manager & Bookrunner As Joint Lead Manager & Bookrunner As Joint Lead Manager & Bookrunner

RS Platou Markets AS As Joint Lead Manager & Bookrunner

Swedbank As Joint Lead Manager & Bookrunner

