NORDIC TRUSTEE

(Dette brevet til obligasjonseieme er kim utarbeidetpa engelsk. Forytterligere informasjon veimligst ta kontakt med Nordic Trustee ASA pa telefon +47 22 87 94 00.)

To the bondholders in:

ISIN NO 001 070820.9 - H arkand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019

Oslo, 9 May 2016

Summons for W ritten Resolution - Proposal for consent in respect of proposed restructuring

Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as bond trustee for the bond issue Harkand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019 with ISIN NO 001 070820.9 (the "Bond Issue") issued by Harkand Finance Inc. (the "Issuer") pursuant to the bond agreement dated 27 March 2014 (the "Bond Agreement"), as amended and restated on 7 July 2015, as further amended on 7 April 2016 and on 25 April 2016 between, amongst others, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Bond Agreement unless otherwise stated.

The information in this Summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

1.

BACKGROUND

Reference is made to the current recovery process in respect of the Bond Issue after Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Bonds provided irrevocable voting undertakings in favour of the Bond Trustee taking enforcement steps as set out in the Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting dated 27 April 2016 (the "Summons"). Pursuant to the enforcement steps contemplated by the Summons, the Vessels have been relocated to Gibraltar, where it is proposed that they will be subject to a judicial sale process initiated by the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders.

The Bond Trustee now proposes the recovery plan included in this Summons for written resolution (the "W ritten Resolution"), involving, inter alia (i) establishment of a newly incorporated special purpose vehicle in Cayman Island and such special purpose vehicle to be incorporated by and controlled by a wholly owned subsidiary of Stiftelsen NTM Refectio acting in the interest of the Bondholders (the "SPV"); (ii) a judicial sale, which is likely to be a private treaty sale o f the Vessels under the auspices of the Admiralty Marshal of the Supreme Court of Gibraltar (the "M arshal"); (iii) an issuance of recovery bonds by the SPV in an amount equal to the current outstanding amount under the Bonds, in order to secure recovery from the Vessels to the Bondholders; and (iv) the redemption of all outstanding Bonds and the release (to the extent legally and practically possible) of all claims against the Issuer under the Finance Documents (collectively, the "Restructuring" and the proposal for Restructuring described herein, the "Proposal").

#6472206/1

NORDIC TRUSTEE

2.

SALE OF THE VESSELS UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE MARSHAL

The Bondholders are asked to resolve to authorise the Bond Trustee to initiate and carry into effect the following steps:

(a) the SPV is incorporated in Cayman Island. The SPV is intended to be incorporated through the NT Refectio structure, meaning that it would be a wholly owned subsidiary of a single purpose company incorporated in Norway and wholly owned subsidiary by Stiftelsen NTM Refectio, a non-profit foundation established by Nordic Trustee ASA for the purpose of acquiring assets in connection with the management of bond loans and acting in the interest of the Bondholders. The shares of the SPV may be registered with the Securities Depository;

(b) the Vessels are sold in a judicial sale, including as approved by the Supreme Court of Gibraltar, a private treaty sale of the Vessels under the auspices of the Marshal (the "Sale"). In any judicial sale, it is proposed that the SPV shall make a bid (by way of a credit bid/deferred payment structure as further described below) for the Vessels at a price guided by the valuations procured by three independent brokers (the "Purchase Price");

(c) as part of the SPV's bid for the Vessels the Bond Tmstee will, in its capacity as mortgagee on behalf of the Bondholders, issue a deferred price undertaking to the Marshal, allowing for the deferment of 95% of the Purchase Price due from the SPV until the date the Vessels are delivered to the SPV. The remaining 5% of the SPV's bid and Purchase Price, will take form as a cash payment funded by utilising the Issuer's cash pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Tmstee (the "Upfront Payment") which is deposited with the Marshal along with the bid;

(d) the Bond Tmstee will further undertake to indemnify the Marshal against potential claims from third party creditors which rank above the mortgage over the Vessels, to the extent such claims are not covered by the Upfront Payment. The Marshal may require legal opinions from counsel in connection with the bid and the Bond Tmstee may be required to indemnify such legal counsel in respect of such legal opinions;

(e) following the Marshal's acceptance of the Sale and the passage of a sixty day period for the determination of priorities, the Purchase Price is distributed in accordance with a payment waterfall pursuant to Gibraltar law, whereby the following claims will rank ahead of the Bondholders' mortgage over the Vessels, and will need to be paid in order for the SPV to obtain clean title to the Vessels: (i) Marshal's expenses; (ii) costs of arrest; (iii) possessory liens; (iv) salvage; (v) damages (e.g. damages done by a Vessel to another vessel, pier or port); and (vi) crew wages (together the "Priming Claims");

(f) the net remaining cash from the Upfront Payment after settlement of Priming Claims is paid to the Bond Tmstee in its capacity as mortgagee on behalf of the Bondholders and the net amount, net of the Bond Tmstee's fees, costs and expenses under the Finance Documents (if any), will be transferred to the SPV to cover running expenses;

#6472206/1

2 (7)

NORDIC TRUSTEE

(g) following acceptance of the Sale and the passage of the sixty day period for the determination of priorities, the SPY will acquire the Vessels free and clear of all liens, in exchange for the issuance of the Recovery Bonds (as defined below) equal to the then current amount outstanding under the Bonds;

(h) Subject to (i) acquisition of the Vessels by the SPV; (ii) transfer of the remaining amount of the Upfront Payment to the SPV; (iii) transfer of the Issuer's remaining cash pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee to the SPV; and (iv) issuance of the Recovery Bonds, arrangements will be agreed between the SPV and the Issuer to release the Issuer from any remaining liabilities under the Finance Documents and the SPV will assume the Issuer's remaining obligations (if any) against the Bond Trustee to cover outstanding fees and expenses o f the Bond Trustee (including all advisors fees); and

(i) after obtaining free and clear title to the Vessels, the SPV will actively undertake to find a purchaser or charter for the Vessels, and otherwise undertake to maximise recovery from die Vessels by entering into contracts in respect of the Vessels.

3.

GOVERNANCE OF THE SPV

The governance of the SPV will be tailored to:

(a) ensure that holders of the Recovery Bonds (described below) are kept appraised of the performance of the Vessels and their owner;

(b) safeguard the interest of the Recovery Bondholders including delegation of certain of the directors' functions relating to the management of the SPV and interaction with Recovery Bondholders to an appointed advisory or management entity.

4.

ISSUANCE OF RECOVERY BONDS BY THE SPV

The Bond Trustee proposes a structure whereby in connection with the Sale, the SPV will be obligated to issue new bonds in accordance with the terms laid out below. It should be noted that the following summary is not exhaustive and the Bond Trustee may determine at its discretion certain detailed terms and documentation of the Recovery Bonds not fully set forth below.

The SPV will issue new bonds (the "Recovery Bonds") tailored so that they, to the extent possible and practical, mirror the terms and status of the Bonds, but taking into account that the SPV's sole purpose will be to secure recovery for the Bondholders:

(a) the SPV will issue senior secured bonds in amount equal to the total outstanding amount of principal and interest under the Bonds (the "Recovery Bonds", issued pursuant to a "Recovery Bond Agreement" and the holders thereof the "Recovery Bondholders");

(b) the Recovery Bonds will automatically be allocated/issued to the Bondholders on a pro rata basis in accordance with registered holdings (information regarding record date to be published at a later stage) and the Bonds will be written down to zero;

#6472206/1

3 (7)

NORDIC TRUSTEE

(c) the Recovery Bonds will accrue interest at the rate of 8.40 per cent per annum. Interest accrued pursuant to the Recovery Bonds shall be paid by the SPV on a pay-if-you-can-basis semi-annually on the same dates as would have been applicable to the Bonds, calculated based on revenue generated (whether from sale or operating activities) by the Vessels. If the SPV is unable to pay interest on the Recovery Bonds in cash on any applicable interest date, payment shall instead be discharged by the issue of additional Recovery Bonds with a face value equal to the amount of interest payable, calculated based on the total number of Recovery Bonds at each interest payment date, rounded down to the nearest USD;

(d) final maturity date of the Recovery Bonds shall be 3.5 years from the issue date, with an option for the SPV to extend maturity in the event that the Vessels are not sold. The Recovery Bonds shall not be subject to scheduled amortisation payments prior to final maturity, but shall be subject to a semi-annual cash sweep mechanism for pre-payment of principal if there is sufficient cash in the SPV, i.e. if there is cash in excess of USD 10 million in the designated bank accounts of the SPV, then such excess amount may be applied to, at the discretion of the SPV, either redeem the Recovery Bonds at par on a pro rata basis or to conduct a bond buy back;

(e) a mandatory prepayment event shall occur in the event that the proceeds of a sale of a Vessel is received by the SPV and shall be distributed to the Bondholders on a pro rata basis;

(f) the Recovery Bonds will benefit from a first priority mortgage over the Vessels. The same will apply to bank accounts held by the SPV and insurances;

(g) the Bondholders' recourse against the SPV shall be limited to assets of the SPV including the Vessels, cash balances and any agreements relating to the Vessels (e.g. insurances);

(h) other changes in the Recovery Bonds from the Bonds include: no guarantors/third party security; no requirements regarding employment of the Vessels; change of control to allow for Bondholder participation in the SPV; light reporting requirements; no listing of the Recovery Bonds; call option at 100% of par at all times; no covenants applicable to persons other than the SPV; and no financial covenants.

5.

AMENDMENT TO INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS

(a) With reference to Clause 13.10 (b) (Insurances) of the Bond Agreement, it is required that the Vessels shall be insured against hull and machinery risks at least to the full value of each of the Vessels and at least 120% of the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents.

(b) As a consequence of constant increase of outstanding amount under the Finance Documents, the requirement in the Bond Agreement may lead to situations where the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents exceed the underlying value of the Vessels. The Bond Trustee proposes therefore that the Bond Agreement is amended so that the requirement that the Vessels shall be

#6472206/1

4 (7 )

NORDIC TRUSTEE

insured against hull and machinery risks in an amount equal to at least 120% of the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents is removed. There will still be a requirement that each Vessel shall be insured against hull and machinery risks at least to the full value of the Vessel.

6.

FURTHER INFORMATION

If Bondholders require any further detail on the information contained in this Summons or the Proposal, they should contact AMA Capital, the Issuer's advisers, through the following contacts:

Paul Leand (pleand@amausa.com, phone 001 (212) 682 2310)

Kevin O'Hara (kohara@amausa.com, phone 001 (212) 682 4634)

Sunil Kurien (skurien@amausa.com, phone 001 (212) 682 6707)

7.

EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL

The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee and nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal, financial and tax advisers regarding the effect of the Proposal.

8.

WRITTEN RESOLUTION

Bondholders are hereby provided with a voting request for a Bondholders' Written Resolution pursuant to clause 16.5 ( Written Resolutions) of the Bond Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, no Bondholders' meeting will be held.

Voting Period: The Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority before 19 May 2016 at 17:00 (Oslo time) (the "Voting Period").

How to vote: A duly signed Voting Form with proof of holdings attached must be received by the Bond Trustee no later than at the end of the Voting Period and must be submitted by scanned e-mail or telefax as follows:

E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no

Fax: +47 22 87 94 10

It is proposed that the Bondholders resolve the following Proposal by way of W ritten Resolution (the "Proposed Resolution"):

"The Bondholders approve by Written Resolution the Proposal in its as described in this Summons.

The Bond Trustee is hereby authorized to prepare, negotiate, finalize and enter into the necessary agreements and documents, carry out necessary completion work, consent to such waivers and amendments, take any actions and do all such things on behalf o f the Bondholders as may be necessary or desirable to support or give effect

#6472206/1

5 (7)

NORDIC TRUSTEE
to the Proposal (and any transaction to be made as part o f the Restructuring), and/or the exercise o f the Bond Trustee's discretion, including, without limitation, amending and/or waiving the terms o f the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, waiving or amending any terms o f the documents relating to the Restructuring, entering into a new bond agreement on behalfo f the Bondholders with respect to the Recovery Bonds, providing all relevant instruction in connection with the issuance o f the Recovery Bonds, enter into agreements with N T Refectio, and agree that neither the Bond Trustee, nor its advisers have any liability whatsoever to any Bondholder or any other person in connection with the Restructuring. "
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 o f the Voting Bonds must vote in favour of the Proposal. A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority has been achieved, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, in which case the resolution is that the relevant proposal is not approved.
The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
Votes which are submitted may be alternated or withdrawn before the end of the Voting Period or before the Bond Trustee has provided a notice of the Written Resolution.
If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close o f business on the last day of the Voting Period.
If the Proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Kind regards
Nordic Trustee ASA
Vivian Trøsch
Enclosed: Voting Form

#6472206/1

6 (7 )

NORDIC TRUSTEE

W ritten Bondholders' resolution

ISIN: NO 001 070820.9 2014/2019

Harlcand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue

The undersigned holder or authorised person/entity, votes either in favour of or against the Proposed Resolution.

D In favour of the Proposed Resolution D Against the Proposed Resolution.

IS IN
ISINNO 001070820.9
C ustodian nam e

Am ount of bonds owned A ccount num ber at C ustodian

C om pany

D ay tim e telephone num ber E m ail

Enclosed to this form is the complete printout from our custodian/VPS,1verifying our bondholding in the bond issue as o f:_________
We acknowledge that Nordic Trustee ASA in relation to the Written Resolution for verification purposes may obtain information regarding our holding of bonds on the above stated account in the securities register VPS.

Place, date

Return:

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O.Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo

Telefax: +47 22 87 94 10

Tel:

+47 22 87 94 00

Mail to: mail@nordictrustee.no

Authorised signature

' If the bonds are held in custody other than in the VPS, evidence provided from the custodian - confirming that (i) you are the owner of the bonds, (ii) in which account number the bonds are hold, and (iii) the amount of bonds owned.

#6472206/1

7 (7 )

