Execution copy

ISINNO 001 0425523

LOAN AGREEMENT between
Fairstar Heavy Transport NV (Borrower)
and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee)
on behalf of
the Bondholders
in the bond issue
FRN Fairstar Heavy Transport NV Callable Second Secured Bond Issue 2008/2009

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

9

3 Listing

9

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

9

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

10

6 Parallel Debt Claim

12

7 Conditions Precedent

11

8 Representations and Warranties

13

9 Status of the Loan

14

10 Interest

15

11 Maturity of the Loan and Call Option

16

12 Interest in the event of late payment

17

13 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

17

14 Covenants

18

15 Fees and expenses

20

16 Events of Default

21

17 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

23

18 Procedural rules

25

19 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

27

20 Change of Loan Trustee

27

21 Limitation

28

22 Dispute resolution and legal venue

29

23 Eligible purchaser and transfer restrictions

28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 11 April 2008 between Fairstar Heavy Transport NV (Dutch Company No 24380374) as borrower (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
* The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement (including the Intercreditor Agreement) as a consequence of their application and allocation of the Bonds on the terms set out in the term sheet for the Loan.
* The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Bondholders:

the holders of the Bonds.

Bonds:

bonds in the Loan, as described in clause 2.1.

Borrower's Bonds:

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Call Option:

the Borrower's redemption right as set out in clause 11.2.

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Change of Control Event:

if and when, subsequent to the date hereof, an event where (i) a shareholder or a group of affiliated shareholders, or companies, (direct or indirect), (ref Norwegian Securities Trading Act § 1-4), or (ii) a shareholder of the Issuer or a group of shareholders acting in concert, directly or indirectly, acquire (including purchase, merger, dilution etc.) ownership or control of more than fifty (50) per cent of the share capital of the Issuer or voting shares of the Issuer.

Conversion Contract:

the conversion contract entered into by the Borrower and the Yard pursuant to which the Yard will convert Fjell from a non-self propelled submersible heavy transport barge into a self-propelled semi-submersible heavy transport vessel, including any guarantees thereto.

Disbursement Date:

14 April 2008.

Earnings:

in relation to a Vessel, all moneys whatsoever (and all claims for such moneys) due or to become due to or for the account of the Borrower at any time during the period of the Loan arising out of the use of or operation of that Vessel, including (but not limited to) all freight, hire and passage moneys, compensation payable to the Borrower in the event of requisition of that Vessel for hire, remuneration for salvage and towage services, demurrage and detention moneys, contributions in general average, damages for breach (or payments for variation or termination) of any charterparty or other contract for employment of that Vessel, together with the benefit of any guarantee, indemnity or other security which may at any time be given to the Borrower as security for the payment of such moneys

Equity:

the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total equity in accordance with IFRS minus any senior liability or perpetual liability with a step-up treated as equity under IFRS as set out in the then most recent audited consolidated financial statements (or, if no audited consolidated financial statements are prepared, then reference shall be made to unaudited consolidated financial statements (if any) or on the basis of pro forma consolidated financial statements) of the Borrower.

Equity Ratio:

the ratio of Equity to Total Assets.

Escrow Account:

A NOK account established in the name of the Borrower to be blocked and pledged on first priority in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in which the bank operating the accounts has waived any set-off rights.

4

Norsk TiJlitsmann ASA

Escrow Account Pledge:
Event of Default: Exchange: Finance Documents:
Financial Indebtedness:

the Norwegian law first priority pledge over the Borrower's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Borrower in the Escrow Account in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Borrower's fulfilment of its payment obligations (included payment of principal, interest and expenses) under this Loan Agreement.
means each event defined as an event of default in clause 16. 1.
securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.
means (i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to clause 15.1, (iii) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Loan Security, and (iv) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Borrower in relation to any amount payable under this Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition.
means any indebtedness in respect of:
(a) Moneys borrowed or raised and interest thereon; (b) Any bond, bill of exchange, note, loan stock,
debenture, commercial paper or similar security or instrument; (c) Acceptance, documentary credit or guarantee facilities; (d) Deferred payments for assets or services acquired; (e) Rental payments so far as attributable to payment of capital under finance leases, whether in respect of land, buildings, machinery or equipment or otherwise; (f) Payments under hire purchase contracts; (g) Factored debts, to the extent that there is recourse; (h) Guarantees, bonds, standby letters of credit or other instruments issued in connection with the performance of contracts or obligations; (i) Any interest or currency swap or any other form of derivative transaction; (j) Guarantees, indemnities or other assurances against financial loss in respect of indebtedness of any person falling within any of paragraphs (a) to (i) inclusive above; and

5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

First Debt:
First Security:
Fjell: Fjord: Group: IFRS: Insurances: Intercreditor Agreement:

(k) Amounts raised or obligations incurred under any other transaction having the commercial effect of any of the above.
the senior debt, including any letters of credit or other guarantees, provided or to be provided by a lender or lenders (the "First Lenders") to the Borrower of which the maximum amount recoverable by the First Lenders in priority to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by way of a sale of the vessels, Total Loss and/or enforcement of the senior security documents (or any of them) shall not exceed USD 85,000,000 by way of principal, together with the swap liabilities, and all costs, interests etc. incurred by the First Lenders. A maximum of USD 151,875,000 may relate to each of the Vessels (and the accompanying assets) or (if relevant) the refinancing of such debt (including interest and expenses). The First Debt will be secured i.a. by the First Security.
all and any of i.a.:
(i) first priority Dutch law ship mortgages on each Vessel in of a maximum amount of USD 151,875,000 per Vessel;
(ii) in respect of Fjell, first priority assignment of the Conversion Contract;
(iii) first priority assignment of the Insurances; and
(iv) first priority assignment of the Earnings.
the Dutch vessel "Fairmount Fjell", which has been registered in the Register of Ships of the Public Registers in Rotterdam, the Netherlands in the name of the Borrower under official number 20626 Z R 2005.
the Dutch vessel "Fairmount Fjord", which has been registered in the Register of Ships of the Public Registers in Rotterdam, the Netherlands in the name of the Borrower under official number 20627 Z R 2005.
the Borrower and its subsidiaries (direct and indirect).
International financial report standards
as described in clause 14.2 (i).
As described in Clause 9.3.

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Interest Determination Date: Interest Payment Date:
Loan: Loan Security: Margin: Maturity Date: NIBOR:
NIBOR Reference Banks:

10 April 2008 and thereafter two Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.
The interest payments dates for the Loan shall be 12 January, 12 April, 12 July and 12 October each year. If the Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Interest Payment Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date
the aggregate nominal value of the Bonds on the Disbursement Date.
the security assets securing the obligation of the Borrower under this Loan Agreement as set out in clause 9.2.
6.00 percentage points p.a.
12 October 2009. If the Maturity Date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Maturity Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.
the interest rate rounded off to two decimal places for a 3 three - months period that is quoted on Reuters NIBR page on or about 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date.
Should the contents of the Reuters NIBR page be changed such that, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters system, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters NIBR did on the disbursement of the loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in clause 10.3 herein.
interest rate determined on the basis of the interest on deposits in the inter-bank market in Oslo, quoted by the four largest authorised exchange banks in the Norwegian market at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the

7
«CL.

Outstanding Loan: Payment Date: Registrar Agreement: Release Notice: Remaining Loan: Securities Depository: Total Assets:
Total Loss:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Interest Determination Date in Oslo, for a 3 - three months period, starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date for loans in Norwegian krone to leading European banks for a 3 - three - months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.
in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal.
the registrar agreement between the Borrower and the Paying Agent.
a Release Notice from the Borrower to the Loan Trustee for withdrawal(s) from the Escrow Account in the form and content as set out in Schedule 1.
the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.
the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").
the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total assets which are treated as assets in accordance with IFRS, as set out in the then most recent audited consolidated financial statements (or, if no audited consolidated financial statements are prepared, then reference shall be made to unaudited consolidated financial statements (if any) or on the basis of pro forma consolidated financial statements) of the Borrower.
means, in relation to a Vessel, (a) actual, constructive, compromised, agreed or arranged total loss of that Vessel or (b) requisition for title or other compulsory acquisition

8

Vessels: Yard:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
of that Vessel, otherwise than by requisition for hire or (c) capture, seizure, arrest, detention or confiscation of that Vessel by any government or by any persons acting or purporting to act on behalf of any government, unless that Vessel be released and restored to the Borrower within one (1) month thereafter.
means collectively, the vessels Fjord and Fjell, and "Vessel" refers to either one of them.
Malta Shipyards Ltd., or such other reputable shipbuilder experienced in the ship conversion as the Loan Trustee approve as the contractor to carry out the conversion works in respect of Fjell pursuant to the Conversion Contract related thereto.

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue the Loan in the amount of NOK 150,000,000 (Norwegian krone one hundred and fifty million) through the issue of 300 bonds, each with a denomination of NOK 500,000 (the "Bonds").
All the Bonds shall rank pari passu among themselves.
The Loan will be described as "FRN Fairstar Fleavy Transport NV Callable Second Secured Bond Issue 2008/2009".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be NO 001 0425523.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date, or earlier if all of the Bonds are redeemed prior to the Maturity Date pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein.
The net proceeds of the Loan shall be used as part financing of the conversion of the Vessels.
3 Listing
3.1 The Loan will initially not be listed on an Exchange. An application may be made for listing on Oslo Børs or Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market (ABM).

4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act (the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository) and the conditions from the Securities Depository.

9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.

5

The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,

- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Bondholder's representative, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.

6. Parallel Debt Claim
6.1 The Borrower must pay to the Loan Trustee, as an independent and separate creditor, an amount equal to the aggregate amount, from time to time, due and payable by the Borrower (the "Parallel Debt Claim") (items (a) up to and including (c) hereinafter the "Borrower Payment Obligations") to each of the following parties (the "Creditors"):
(a) to the Bondholders under the Loan Agreement;
(b) to the Loan Trustee or any of its appointees under the Loan Agreement; and

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) to the Loan Trustee or any of its appointees under the Loan Security or any Finance Document to which it is a party.
6.2 The Parallel Debt Claim will be payable in the currency of the relevant Borrower Payment Obligations.
6.3 The Parallel Debt Claim will become due and payable as and when and to the extent that one or more of the Borrower Payment Obligations of the Borrower becomes due and payable.
6.4 The Borrower and the Loan Trustee hereby acknowledge that:
(a) the Parallel Debt Claim constitutes an undertaking, obligation and liability of the Borrower to the Loan Trustee which is separate and independent from, and without prejudice to, the Borrower Payment Obligations; and
(b) the Parallel Debt Claim represents the Loan Trustee's own separate and independent claim to receive payment of the Parallel Debt Claim from the Borrower, it being understood, in each case, that pursuant to Clause 6.1 the amount which may become payable by the Borrower as the Parallel Debt Claim shall never exceed the total of the amounts which are payable under the Borrower Payment Obligations of the Borrower.
6.5 To the extent the Loan Trustee irrevocably and unconditionally receives any amount in payment of the Parallel Debt Claim of the Borrower, the Loan Trustee shall distribute such amount among the Creditors in accordance with the provisions of the Finance Documents and the Coordination Deed. Upon a distribution to the Creditors by the Loan Trustee of any amount irrevocably and unconditionally received in payment of the Parallel Debt Claim of the Borrower (the "Received Amount"), the Borrower Payment Obligations of the Borrower to the Creditors shall be reduced by amounts totalling an amount (the "Deductible Amount") equal to the Received Amount in the manner as if the Deductible Amount were received as a payment of the Borrower Payment Obligations on the date of receipt by the Loan Trustee of the Received Amount.
7 Conditions Precedent
7.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly executed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents,
(c) a power of attorney from the Borrower to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents,
li

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles of Association of the Borrower, and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(e) the latest available annual and interim report (if applicable) of the Borrower and the Group,
(f) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(g) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(h) the agreement set forth in Clause 15.1, duly executed,
(i) the Registrar Agreement duly executed,
(j) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan,
(k) written evidence from the relevant bank that (i) the Escrow Account have been opened, (ii) the Escrow Account Pledge has been duly registered, (iii) the Escrow Account has been blocked, (iv) the bank has waived its rights of set-off, and (v) no further security over the Escrow Account has been granted, and
(l) legal opinions in a form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia (i) that the Borrower is legally incorporated and validly existing under its jurisdiction, and (ii) the valid execution by the Borrower of this Loan Agreement.
7.2 Subject to the conditions set out above the net proceeds of the Bonds will be made available to the Borrower (subject to the Borrower's issuance and delivery to the Bondholders of the Bonds trough the Paying Agent) and the net proceeds of the Loan will be transferred to the Escrow Account at Disbursement Date. The Loan Trustee is authorized to instruct the Paying Agent to (i) issue the Bonds on behalf of the Borrower, and (ii) cooperate in any manner necessary for the timely delivery of the Bonds to the Bondholders against timely payment for the Bonds.
7.3 Before the first release of funds from the Escrow Account, the Loan Trustee shall have received evidence of the following:
(a) the Loan Security listed in Clause 9.2 (ii) being duly executed, enforceable and perfected;
(b) evidence that insurance of the Vessel has been arranged for according to industry practice;
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) the Intercreditor Agreement duly executed,
(d) legal opinions in a form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia (i) duly execution, perfection and enforceability of the relevant Loan Security.
7.4 In connection with any release of funds from the Escrow Account, the Loan Trustee shall in addition have received the following:
(a) a duly executed Release Notice in respect of the relevant release; and
(b) documentation evidencing that the amounts to be released shall be applied in accordance with this Loan Agreement.
7.5 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents listed above.
8 Representations and Warranties
8.1 The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) it is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) the Borrower has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
(c) the Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower and for any Loan Security to constitute a valid and enforceable agreed priority mortgage;
(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower of the Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower;
(e) no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or any of its assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(f) all documents and information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect,
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) the Borrower is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) the Borrower's payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatory preferred by law applying to companies generally;
(l) no Financial Indebtedness has been secured in respect of any Loan Security prior to the signing of the Loan Agreement, except for the First Debt; and
(m) the representations and warranties set out in this clause 8.1, are made by the Borrower on the signing date of the Loan Agreement.
8.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
9 Status of the Loan and security
9.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
9.2 The Loan including accrued interest and expenses shall be secured by the following which shall constitute the Loan Security securing the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement:
(i) from the Disbursement Date and thereafter:
(a) the Escrow Account Pledge.
14
(X '

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) from the first release of funds from the Escrow Account and thereafter:
(a) a second priority mortgage against the Vessels, with priority after the relevant First Security;
(b) a second priority assignment of the Insurances, with priority after the relevant First Security;
(c) a second priority assignment of the Earnings, with priority after the relevant First Security; and
(d) in respect of Fjell, a second priority assignment of the Conversion Contract, with priority after the relevant First Security.
Each Loan Security shall, where relevant according to applicable law, be in the amount of no less than NOK 150,000,000 representing 100% of the Loan plus accrued interest and expenses.
9.3 An Intercreditor Agreement will be entered into between the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and the First Lenders. The Intercreditor Agreement will include, inter alia, provisions of application of proceeds from a sale of a Vessel of any requisition compensation or moneys receivable under the insurances over the Vessels or otherwise in respect of a total loss of a Vessel whereas funds shall be payable in order of priority: (i) first to the Lenders and in or towards the discharge of the indebtedness under the First Debt, (ii) secondly, in or towards the discharge of the indebtedness under this Loan, and (iii) thirdly, the balance (if any) shall be paid to the Issuer.
10 Interest
10.1 Interest accrues from and including the Disbursement Date based on NIBOR plus the Margin. The interest rate is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
The interest rate is reset in accordance with clause 10.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling on 12 July 2008.
10.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the Interest Determination Date based on NIBOR plus the Margin. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest
15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
10.3. In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/10th of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Chief Justice of the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with this clause 10.3.
10.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement date to the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each interest fixing date to the next or the maturity date. The number of days is divided by 360.
11 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option
11.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
11.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option): (i) on the Interest Payment Date in July 2008 at 103.5 % of par,
(ii) on the Interest Payment Date in October 2008 at 103 % of par,
(iii) on the Interest Payment Date in January 2009 at 102.5 % of par,
(iv) on the Interest Payment Date in April 2009 at 102 % of, and
(v) on the Interest Payment Date in July 2009 at 101.5 % of par.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
11.3 The Loan must be repaid in full at par value (100%) in the case that any one of the Vessels are sold or disposed of or in the event of a Total Loss of any one of the Vessels ("Mandatory Redemption").
In the event of a Mandatory Redemption, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 15 - fifteen Banking Days before the date of redemption.
The Borrower shall repay the Loan:
(i) in case of a sale or disposal of any one of the Vessels on the date on which the sale or disposal is completed by delivery of the relevant Vessel to the acquirer, and;
(ii) in case of a Total Loss of any one of the Vessels, at the earlier of (a) upon receipt of insurance proceeds, and (b) 90 - ninety - days after the occurrence of a Total Loss,
but in no event later than the Maturity Date.
11.4 Upon a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of repayment (a "Put Option") of the bonds at a price of 102 % of par plus accrued interest.
The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Borrower has given notification as set out in clause 14.1 (h).
The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to the Bondholder's VPS account manager. The Bondholder's VPS account manager shall notify the paying agent of the Loan (the "Paying Agent") of the repayment request. The Put Date shall be fifteen - 15 - Banking Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
12 Interest in the event of late payment
12.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to clause 10 plus 5.00 percentage points.
12.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 16.1 (a), cf. clauses 16.2 - 16.4.
13 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
13.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
14 Covenants
14.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 16 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim report period,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) in connection with reporting under 14.1 (b) confirm to the Loan Trustee the Borrower's compliance with clause 14, and
(h) immediately notify the Bondholders (via Securities Depository), the Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) if a Change of Control Event takes place.
14.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not cease to carry on its business,
(b) no, and shall ensure that no member of the Group shall (either in one action or as several actions, voluntarily or involuntarily):
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations,
(ii) change the nature of its business, or
18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business,
in a manner which might jeopardise the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(c) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, incur any additional Financial Indebtedness which ranks equal to or ahead of the Loan, other than the First Debt (i.e. any capital raised during the tenor of the Loan shall be subordinated the Loan and shall under no circumstance be redeemable before the Maturity Date),
(d) not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares (including any transaction with similar effect, e.g. TRS) or make other distributions or loans to its shareholders,
(e) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any third party or create or permit to exist any mortgage, charge (whether fixed or floating), pledge, lien hypothecation, assignment, trust arrangement or security interest or other encumbrances of any kind securing any obligation of any person or having the effect of conferring security or any type of preferential arrangement (including without limitation, title transfer and/or retention arrangements having similar effect) on the whole or any part of any property or rights in favor of any third party, save for what is normal in the ordinary course of business and the First Security,
(f) ensure that it is the sole and direct owner of the Vessels and that any employments contracts, charter party etc. related to the Vessels is entered by it directly,
(g) procure that the Vessels shall at all time remain (i) in class, (ii) operate in accordance with the ISM Code and ISPS Code in all respect, and (iii) no change of the Vessels' management, flag or Classification Society unless agreed by the Bondholders' meeting,
(h) indemnify and hold the Bondholders and the Loan Trustee harmless against any environmental liability in relation to the Vessels as mortgagees,
(i) to effect and maintain in full force and effect sufficient insurances (the "Insurances") (i) on and over the Vessels in respect of (a) hull, machinery and equipment, marine and war risks (including excess risks), (b) protection and indemnity risks (including pollution risks and where applicable, environmental risk and damage), and (c) such other risks for which insurance would be maintained by a pruduant owner of a ship of similar type, size, age and flag, and (ii) such insurances in such amounts in USD and upon such terms as shall from time to time be approved by the Loan Trustee, but in no event less than:
(i) in the case of hull, machinery and equipment, marine and war risks and excess risks, on an agreed value basis of the market value of the Vessel;
(ii) In case of protection and indemnity risks, for the full value and tonnage of that Vessel, for the maximum amount obtainable in the market.
19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(J) not agree to any material changes to the Conversion Contract,
(k) duly and promptly perform its duties and liabilities under the Conversion Contract and to use its best endeavors to procure that the Yard duly and promptly performs and discharges its duties and liabilities under the Conversion Contract;
(l) not release the Yard from any of its duties under the Conversion Contract or waive any breach of any of its material duties and liabilities or consent to any such act or omission of the Yard which would otherwise constitute a material breach;
(m) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, make any financial or other arrangements concerning the Vessels and its employment which may have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(n) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, make any arrangements which may jeopardize the Loan Security,
(o) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, permit any equal or senior security in the Loan Security other than the First Security,
(p) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, permit any junior security in the Loan Security entered into on terms, which in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, is not satisfactory to the Bondholders right under the Loan Agreement, and
(q) not permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
14.3 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following financial covenants:
(a) ensure that the Group (on a consolidated basis) maintains an Equity of minimum USD 45 million, and
(b) ensure that the Group (on a consolidated basis) maintains an Equity Ratio of minimum 30 %.
15 Fees and expenses
15.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
15.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
15.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
15.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to clause 15.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 15.2 and 15.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 20.2.
16 Events of Default
16.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (Events of Default):
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Document; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) if, for each member of the Group, the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness or commitment for financial indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of USD 1,000,000 - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any financial indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(d) if, for any member of the Group;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) the value of its assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities), or
(iii) a moratorium is declared,
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
(e) if, for any member of the Group; any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to;
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
(f) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made.
22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
16.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in clause 16.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement. The occurrence of an Event of Default shall be deemed as a Mandatory Redemption situation and the Remaining Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in clause 11.3.
16.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in clause 16.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders'meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.
16.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 16.2 or 16.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
16.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
17 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
17.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets or security for the Loan,
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
17.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in clause 17.1 (d) and (e), provided that:
(a) the changes are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
17.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
17.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with clauses 17.1 and 17.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
18 Procedural rules
18.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
18.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 18.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 18.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 18.3.
18.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to clause 19, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
18.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
18.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
18.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder holding bonds shall have one vote for each bond he owns. The notification of the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see clause 18.3, serves as proof of ownership of the bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
18.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clausel8.
Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however clause 18.8.
18.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) change of borrower, (c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and
security/collateral, or (d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance
for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
18.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy. Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
19 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
19.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
20 Change of Loan Trustee
20.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with clause 18.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter. The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals. The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
27

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
20.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to clause 15.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
20.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
21 Limitation
21.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.
22 Governing law, Dispute resolution and legal venue
22.1 This Loan Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Norway.
22.2 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
22.3 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
23. Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
23.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the undertaking each investor is required to make, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Borrower a certification in a form to be provided by the Borrower stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
23.2 Bondholders will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (A) in the United States, (i) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (ii) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, or (iii) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by
28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Rule 144 thereunder (if available), and (B) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act (including transactions on the Oslo Børs).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.

Rotterdam/Oslo, 11 April 2008

Fairstar Heavy Transport NY

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

29

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

FORM OF RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Schedule 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Attn: [name]
Dear Sir, RE: LOAN AGREEMENT

RELEASE NOTICE

[Place and date]

We refer to the loan agreement dated on or about 11 April 2008 (the "Loan Agreement") with ISIN NO 0425523 made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bondholders"), and the undersigned as Borrower, in respect of the Loan.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Loan Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on______________wish to draw NOK______ under our account n o ._______(the Escrow Account) for the purpose pursuant to the purpose of the Loan, and ask you irrevocably upon our satisfaction of the conditions of Clause 7 (cf Clause 8) of the Loan Agreement to instruct the bank to unblock the above amounts according to this Release Notice.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred which constitutes an Event of Default or which by giving of notice and/or lapse of time would constitute an Event of Default, and (ii) our representations contained in the Loan Agreement are true and accurate at the time hereof with reference to the facts now subsisting.

Yours faithfully, Fairstar Heavy Transport NV

[signed by duly authorised persons with the Borrower]
Enclosure: [copy of written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

30

