AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT
dated September 2014 to the
Bond Agreement originally dated 23 April 2013
between BassDrill Beta Ltd.
(Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
8.5 per cent BassDrill Beta Ltd. Second Lien Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018

#5040007/3

www.bahr.no

1 (6)

CONTENTS

Clause

PaSe

1. DEFINITIONS........................................................................................................ 3 2. AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT ON THE AMENDMENT DATE............................................ 3 3. MISCELLANEOUS...................................................................................................4

SCHEDULE 1 Form of Amended and Restated Facilities Agreement

#5040007/3

2(6)

THIS AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT is dated between:

September 2014 and made

(1)

BassDrill Beta Ltd. (a company existing under the laws of Malta with registration number

C55272) as issuer (the "Original Issuer"),

(2)

Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd. (a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with

registration number 42347 as issuer (the "New Issuer"), and

(3)

Nordic Trustee A SA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

WHEREAS:

(A)

Pursuant to the Original Bond Agreement, the Original Issuer issued bonds in the maximum

amount of USD 75,000,000 (the "Existing Bonds").

(B)

The Parties have entered into this Agreement to make certain amendment to the Original

Bond Agreement, including but not limited to the change of issuer from the Original Issuer

to the New Issuer under the Existing Bonds and the issue of a series of new bonds in the

maximum amount of USD 75,000,000.

NOW THEREFORE, it is hereby agreed as follows:

1.

DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement, including the preamble hereto (unless the context otherwise requires), all capitalised terms or expressions shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the

Amended and Restated Bond Agreement unless otherwise explicitly defined herein.

"Agreement" means this amendment and restatement agreement.

"Amended and Restated Bond Agreement" means the Original Bond Agreement, as amended and restated by this Agreement and being substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 (Form of Amended and Restated Bond Agreement).

"Amendment Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.
"Original Bond Agreem ent" means the Bond Agreement dated 23 April 2013, entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Original Issuer.

2.

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT ON THE AMENDMENT DATE

2.1

Amendment and restatement

With effect from the Amendment Date, the Bond Agreement will be amended and restated substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 (Form of Amended and Restated Bond

Agreement).

2.2

Release of Original Issuer and Accession of New Issuer

With effect from the Amendment Date, the Original Issuer is released as issuer of the

Existing Bonds and the New Issuer accedes as issuer of the Existing Bonds.

#5040007/3

3(6)

3.

M ISCELLANEO U S

3.1 Incorporation of terms
The provisions of Clause 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Bond Agreement" are references to this Agreement.

3.2

Additional Finance Document

This Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Amended and Restated Facilities Agreement.

#5040007/3

4(6)

Existing Issuer:

SIG NATO RIES:
Bond Trustee:

L f ig.cs>

By: Lasse S -.K io srS

Position: f ( Z v 5 C ^  H -

^ AC .

By: Position:

New Issuer:

Uss^>
By: \-- ^ S S `c 3»-' Position:

-V Q -'v f t fT "

#Errorl Unknown document property name.

5 (6)

Existing Issuer:
By: Position:
New Issuer:
By: Position:

SIG N ATO RIES:
Bond Trustee:

By:

Fredrik Lundbe

Position:

#5040007/3

5(6)

SCHEDULE 1
Fo r m of A m en d ed a n d Restated Fa cilities A g reem ent

#5040007/3

6(6)

ISIN NO 001 0675580
BOND AGREEMENT between
Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd. (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 8 per cent Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd. Second Lien Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019
#5031617/2

Clause

CONTENTS

Pa§ e

1. INTERPRETATION.............................................................................................. 2

2. THE BONDS.......................................

12

3. LISTING........................................................................................................13

4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY........................................................ 13

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS....................................................................13

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT....................................................................................13

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES....................................................................16

8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY................................................................... 18

9. INTEREST......................................................................................................19

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION.............................................................20

11. PAYMENTS.....................................................................................................22

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS..........................................................................23

13. COVENANTS.................................................................................................. 24

14. FEES AND EXPENSES.........................................................................................39

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT........................................................................................ 40

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING....................................................................................43

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE........................................................................................ 45

18. MISCELLANEOUS............................................................................................. 47

SCHEDULE 1 Compliance Certificate SCHEDULE 2 Release Notice - Escrow Account

#5031617/2

1 (55)

This agreement, originally dated 23 April 2013, as amended and restated by an amendment and restatement agreement dated Z £_ September 2014 between

(1)

Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd. (a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with

registration number 42347 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2)

Nordic Trustee ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number

963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Account Bank" means DNB Bank ASA. "Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account managerin the Securities Depository.

"Agent" means the agent under the Senior Bank Facility (as of the Amendment Date being ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Oslo Branch).
"Amendment Date" means the Issue Date.

"Assignment of Bareboat Charter" means an assignment of earnings and receivables under the Beta Bareboat Charter from the Beta Owner (including step-in rights to the Beta Bareboat Charter) under English law, including a notice to and acknowledgment from the Beta Charterer.
"Assignment of Earnings" means the assignment of earnings and receivables under the Drilling Contracts, subject to consent and acknowledgement of such assignment from the relevant Client (which the relevant Obligor shall use its reasonable efforts to obtain).

"Assignment of Insurances" means assignments of the insurances relating to the Rig provided by each Rig Owner, including notices to and acknowledgments from insurers.

"Assignment of Intra-Group Loan" means a pledge or an assignment (or such similar security under the relevant jurisdiction) of the rights of the relevant Obligor as lender under any Intra-Group Loan.
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement, being Schedule 1 (Compliance Certificate) and Schedule 2 (Release Notice - Escrow Account).

"Beta" means the semi tender rig named BassDrill Beta built at the Yard and delivered in November 2013, registered in Panama and owned by the Beta Owner.

"Beta Bareboat Charter" means the intra-group bareboat charter entered into between the Beta Owner and the Beta Charterer, for the chartering of Beta

"Beta Charterer" means BassDrill Beta BV, a company registered in the Netherlands with registration no. 34304787 and 100% owned by the Beta Owner.

#5031617/2

2(55)

"Beta Charterer Share Pledge" means a share pledge granted by the Beta Owner over all of the shares (100%) in the Beta Charterer, together with (to the extent legally possible), inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members under relevant taw").
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to time.
"Beta Operator" means BassDrill Brasil Servicos de Petroleo Ltda. a company registered in Brazil with inscription Beno. 15.265.967/0001-72 and 99,99% owned by the Beta Charterer and one (1) share, being 0.01% of the shares, held by the Rig Manager.
"Beta Operator Share Pledge" means a pledge granted by the Beta Charterer and the Rig Manager over all of the shares in the Beta Operator, together with (to the extent legally possible), inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members under relevant law.
"Beta Owner" means BassDrill Beta Ltd, incorporated in Malta with registration no. C55272 and 99% directly owned by Interco and 1% owned by the Issuer.
"Beta Owner Security" means all Security Interests to be provided by the Beta Owner.
"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day on which the commercial banks in Norway and New York are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Norway and New York.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means if and when any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3), save for any fund within the HitecVision group of private equity funds), becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 33.3% of the outstanding shares of the Issuer or if funds within the HitecVision group of private equity funds ceases to own at least 33.4% of the outstanding shares of the Issuer.
3 (55)

"Clients" means entities unrelated to the Group entering into Drilling Contracts.

"Construction Contracts" means the Gamma Construction Contract and the Delta Construction Contact.

"Debt Service Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer with the Account Bank, which shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and into which the Issuer shall pay a monthly amount equal to 1/3 of the coupon payment payable on the next Interest Payment Date. The amount deposited in the Debt Service Account shall only be released for the next scheduled coupon payments as and when they fall due, as long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing

"Debt Service Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's claims against the Account Bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Debt Service Account.

"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:

(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or

(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.

"Delivery Dates" means the dates on which the title to the Rigs is transferred from the Yard to the respective Rig Owners in accordance with the terms of the Construction Contracts, with all relevant equipment properly owned and installed on such date. The Gamma is currently scheduled to be delivered before the end of Q.1 2015 (and an amendment is being discussed with the Yard which would put the scheduled delivery date at the end of Q2 2015) and the Delta is currently scheduled to be delivered before the end of Q2 2015.

"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Delta" means the semi rig under construction named Atlantica Delta being built at the Yard with hull no BT3500-2 and with expected delivery end Q2 2015, to be registered in Panama and to be owned by the Delta Owner following delivery from the Yard.

"Delta Construction Contract" means the contract for the construction of the Delta at the

Yard dated 13 April 2013 (as amended from time to time).

.

"Delta Owner" means Atlantica Delta Ltd, incorporated in Malta with registration no. C59000 and 99% directly owned by Interco and 1% owned by the Issuer.

"Delta Owner Security" means all Security Interests to be provided by the Delta Owner.

#5031617/2

4(55)

"Drilling Contracts" means the Existing Drilling Contracts or any other offshore drilling contract for the hire of any of the Rigs entered into between any of the Gamma Owner, Delta Owner, the Beta Owner or the Beta Charterer and any Clients.
"Earnings Accounts" means the earnings accounts to be opened in accordance with Clause 13.5(c).
"Escrow Account" means an account(s) in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Existing Beta Bank Debt" means the USD 125 million first priority debt with the Beta Owner as borrower and ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Oslo Branch, NIBC Bank N.V., Pareto Bank ASA and Swedbank AB (publ), as lenders with approximately USD 116.7 million currently outstanding at the date of this Agreement.
"Existing Beta Bond Issue" means the existing USD 75,000,000 bond issue with the Beta Owner as issuer with ISIN NO 001 0675580, which will be amended on the terms as set out in this Agreement (including by issuance of the New Bonds).
"Existing Drilling Contracts" means the following Drilling Contracts:
(a) the Drilling Contract for Beta dated 20 September 2010 between Beta Charterer and Petroleo Brasileiro S.A. ; and
(b) the Drilling Contract for Delta dated 5 April 2013 between the Delta Owner and Total E&P Congo .
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.4.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any other document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent under the Finance Documents, (v) the Intercreditor Agreement, and (vi) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility);

#5031617/2

5(55)

(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;
(c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease;
(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis);
(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP;
(f) any liability under a deferred purchase agreement where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the marked-to-market value shall be taken into account);
(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money (including any forward sale or purchase agreement); or
(i) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of any underlying liability; and (without double counting), any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting principles, practices and standards in the United States of America, including if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Gamma" means the tender rig under construction named Atlantica Gamma being built at the Yard with hull no HTB-1 and with scheduled delivery end Q.1 2015, (and an amendment is being discussed with the Yard which would put the scheduled delivery date at the end of Q2 2015), to be registered in Panama and to be owned by the Gamma Owner following delivery from the Yard.
"Gamma Construction Contract" means the contract for the construction of the Gamma at the Yard dated 1 May 2012 (as amended from time to time).
"Gamma Owner" means Atlantica Gamma Ltd, incorporated in Malta with registration no. C55939 and 99% directly owned by Interco and 1% owned by the Issuer.

#5031617/2

6(55)

"Gamma Owner Security" means all Security Interests to be provided by the Gamma Owner.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Guarantee" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee on a joint and several basis from the Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, on terms reasonably acceptable to the Bond Trustee, including undertakings from the Guarantors.
"Guarantors" means Interco, the Rig Owners, the Beta Charterer, the Beta Operator and any other guarantors under the Senior Bank Facility (if any), and "Guarantor" means any one of the Guarantors.
"Interco" means Atlantica (Malta) Holding Ltd., a company registered in Malta with registration no. C55 269 and 99% owned by the Issuer and 1% owned by the Rig Manager.
"Interco Share Charge" means the share pledges granted by the Issuer and the Rig Manager over all shares in the Interco together with (to the extent legally possible), inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members under Malta law.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement to be entered into inter alia by the Bond Trustee, the Agent and the Issuer in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, pursuant to which the Bond Trustee shall appoint the Agent as security agent to hold all Security on behalf of the Agent and the Bond Trustee so that the Bond Issue and the Senior Bank Facility may be secured under the same Security, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Interest Payment Date" means 23 March, 23 June, 23 September and 23 December each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.
"Intra-Group Loan" means:
(a) any loan from the Issuer to any member of the Group; and
(b) any loan from any of the Guarantors to its direct majority owner and 'or any of its directly owned subsidiaries,
being fully subordinated to the Obligors' obligations under this Agreement (however so that payments may be made and interest may be served as long as no Event of Default is outstanding) and otherwise on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, including, inter alia (i) no restrictions on repayment (as long as no Event of Default has occurred under the Senior Bank Facility or the Bond Issue) and (ii) that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) may require the Intra-Group Loans to be repaid, or

#5031617/2

7(55)

discharged, immediately and in full upon acceleration of the Bonds following an Event of Default under the Bond Agreement (subject to the Intercreditor Agreement).
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 23 September 2014.
"Issuer Accounts" means the Debt Service Account and the Escrow Account.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Manager" means the managers for the Bond Issue, being DNB Markets and Swedbank Norge.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means any of the following events, except if they constitute a Total Loss Event:
(a) if any of the Rigs are sold or disposed of;
(b) if the Issuer ceases to be the owner (directly or indirectly) of 99% of the shares in the Interco;
(c) if the Interco ceases to be the owner (directly or indirectly) of 99% of the shares in each of the Rig Owners and/or the Beta Charterer;
(d) if the Construction Contracts are terminated and not are replaced within 60 days with contracts with the same Yard for the same rigs on terms similar or more in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, favourable to the Issuer; or
(e) if the Rigs, including any replacement according to (d) above are not delivered prior to 31 March 2016.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (i) financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) any of the Obligors' ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents or (iii) the validity or enforceability of any Finance Document.
"Maturity Date" means 23 September 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"New Bonds" means the new debt instruments issued by the Issuer on the Amendment Date pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.
"Operating Accounts" means the operating accounts to be opened in accordance with Clause 13.5(c).

#5031617/2

8(55)

"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Permitted Hedging" means interest rate and currency hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer and the Senior Banks in respect of the Senior Bank Facility and which are not of a speculative nature.
"Project Documents" means (i) the Construction Contracts, (ii) any Intra-Group Loan agreement, (iii) the Rig Management Agreements, (iv) the Drilling Contracts and (v) the Beta Bareboat Charter.
"Retention Accounts" means the retention accounts to be opened in accordance with Clause 13.5(c).
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Rigs" means Beta, Gamma and Delta, and "Rig" means any one of the Rigs.
"Rig Manager" means Atlantica Management (USA) Inc. a company registered in the state of Texas with identification no. 45-0577058 and 100% owned by the Issuer.
"Rig Management Agreement" means each management agreement between the relevant Rig Owner and the Rig Manager for the yard supervision and the operational, technical, marketing and commercial management of each of the Rigs, as of the Amendment Date being the Rig Management Agreements da*;ed:
(a) 1 May 2011 (as amended on 10 April 2013), in respect of the Beta;
(b) 1 May 2014, in respect of the Gamma; and
(c) 13 April 2013, in respect of the Delta.
"Rig Management Agreement Assignment" means an assignment of all rights (including termination rights) of the respective Rig Owner under each Rig Management Agreement, including notice to and acknowledgment from the Rig Manager in which the Rig Manager (i) covenants to comply with the covenants set out in clause 13.7 (c) (Project Documents) and not to terminate the Rig Management Agreement without giving 15 days prior notice to the Agent, and (ii) agrees to subordination of the Rig Manager's claims and to step-in rights of the assignee or the assignee's nominee.
"Rig Mortgage" means a mortgage over the Rigs, including all relevant equipment and intellectual property being part of the Rigs, under Panamanian law (or any other jurisdiction satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), including any deed of covenants

#5031617/2

9(55)

supplemental to the Rig Mortgage and to the security thereby created as requested by the Bond Trustee.
"Rig Owner Group" means the Rig Owners, the Beta Charterer and the Beta Operator (each a "Rig Owner Group Company").
"Rig Owners" means the Beta Owner, the Gamma Owner and the Delta Owner.
"Rig Owners Share Charge" means share pledges granted by the Issuer and Interco over all shares in the Rig Owners, together with (to the extent legally possible), inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members under relevant law.
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Departments of State or Commerce or any other US government authority, including under the Iran Sanctions Act as amended by the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability and Divestment Act of 2010, or by the United Nations Security Council ("UNSC"), the European Union ("EU"), Her Majesty's Treasury ("HMT") or Norwegian or other relevant sanctions authority.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Agent in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means:
(a) The Guarantees:
(b) The Escrow Account Pledge;
(c) The Debt Service Account Pledge;
(d) The Interco Share Pledge;
(e) The Rig Owners Share Pledges;
(f) The Assignments of Intra-Group Loans;
(g) The Senior Bank Accounts Pledges;
(h) The Beta Charterer Share Pledge;

#5031617/2

10(55)

(i) The Rig Mortgages;
(i) The Warranty Assignments;
(k) The Rig Management Agreement Assignment;
d) The Assignment of Insurances;
(m) The Assignment of Earnings;
(n) The Assignment of Bareboat Charter; and
(o) The Beta Operator Share Pledge,
all to granted in favour of the Security Agent for the benefit of the Senior Lenders under the Senior Bank Facility and the Bondholders on a joint basis (except for the Security created over the Issuer Accounts, which will be granted in favour of the Bond Trustee in favour of the Bondholders only).
"Senior Bank Accounts" means the bank accounts to be opened in accordance with Clause 13.5(c).
"Senior Bank Accounts Pledges" means the pledges over any relevant Senior Bank Accounts (except for the Retention Account) to be entered into by each Obligor, together with covenant to pledge any future Senior Bank Account.
"Senior Bank Facility" means the first priority USD 350,000,000 term loan facility to be entered into among, inter alia, the Issuer as borrower and the Senior Banks, consisting of (i) a USD 53,000,000 to part refinance Existing Bank Debt (the "Beta Tranche"), (ii) USD 120 million to part finance the delivery of Gamma (the "Gamma Tranche") and iii) USD 177,000,000 to part finance the delivery of Delta (the "Delta Tranche"); or any refinancing thereof being compliant with Clause 13.4(c) (Refinancing of Senior Bank Facility).
"Senior Banks" means the lenders under the Senior Bank Facility.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Total Loss Event" means (i) an actual or constructive total loss of any of the Rigs or (ii) in respect of any of the Rigs, any act of piracy, or any capture at sea, or any confiscation or similar intervention by a foreign state power, which has continued for more than one (1) month from the day it took place.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

#5031617/2

11 (55)

"Warranty Assignment" means an assignment of the rights of the Gamma Owner and the Delta Owner under any warranties or guarantees given by the Yard under the Construction Contract for Gamma and Delta under English law, including an obligation to give notices and use reasonable efforts to obtain consent (if required thereunder) and acknowledgements of such assignment from the Yard.

"Yard" means Dalian Shipbuilding Industry Offshore Co. Ltd.

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(l ) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo rime;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2.

THE BONDS

2.1

Binding nature ofthis

Bond Agreement

2.2

By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectlyl with the Securities

Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other

Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be

complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.3

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or

the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general

public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on

Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.4 The Bonds The Issuer hasissued a series of existing Bonds in the amount of USD 75 million.

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of New Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 75 million.

The Face Value is USD 1. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

#5031617/2

12 (55)

The Bond Issue will be described as "Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd. Second Lien Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0675580.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.5 Purpose and utilization The net proceeds from the New Bonds (net of legal costs, fees to the Arrangers and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall in full, be used to part refinance Existing Beta Bank Debt.

3.

LISTING

3.1

The Issuer shall apply for listingof the Bonds on Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM.

3.2

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have

been discharged in full.

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIESDEPOSITORY

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and

shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this

Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The

registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the New Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject

to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance

satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed;

#5031617/2

13(55)

(b) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Bond Agreement, the Escrow Account Pledge and the Bond Trustee fee agreement;

(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the Bond Agreement, Escrow Account Pledge and Bond Trustee fee agreement, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the such documents on behalf of the Issuer;

(d) copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association (or equivalent) of the Issuer;

(e) confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default exists;

(f) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(g) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(h) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(i) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(j) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(k) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(l) required majority approval from the bondholders of the Existing Beta Bond Issue for the amendments contemplated by this Agreement;

(m) copies of the Existing Drilling Contracts executed by all parties thereto;

(n) any legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Bond Agreement, Escrow Account Pledge and the Bond Trustee fee agreement); and

(o) establishment of the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the bank).

6.2

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the New Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's

written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have

been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.3

On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to

Clause 6.2, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the New Bonds to the Escrow

Account.

#5031617/2

14 (55)

6.4

Release of the net proceeds of the New Bonds from the Escrow Account will be subject to

the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance

satisfactory to it, to be delivered in accordance with a closing memo satisfactory to the

Bond Trustee:

(a) a release notice from the Issuer (including a statement regarding use of funds and confirmation of no potential or actual Event of Default), duly executed;

(b) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the relevant Obligors to execute the relevant Finance Documents;

(c) a power of attorney from the relevant Obligors to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the relevant Finance Documents on behalf of the relevant Obligors;

(d) copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the relevant Obligors, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association (or equivalent) of the relevant Obligors

(e) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Debt Service Account has been opened;

(f) evidence that the security under the Existing Beta Bond Issue have been released;

(g) satisfactory evidence that the Senior Bank Facility is available for drawdown subject only to customary conditions precedent for draw-down of the three tranches, and will be used according to its purpose;

(h) confirmation from the Obligors that no Financial Indebtedness, security or guarantees (other than that expressly permitted under the Finance Documents) exists for the Obligors;

(i) the Intercreditor Agreement, duly executed;

(j) all Project Documents duly executed;

(k) transcript from the relevant registry evidencing that Beta is registered as owned by the Beta Owner;

(l) all Security Interests (except for the Gamma Owner Security and the Delta Owner Security), duly executed and perfected;

(m) all relevant process agent letters;

(n) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee in respect of the Security Documents in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(o) satisfactory evidence that all applicable insurances have been taken out;

(p) class certificates for Beta, without any material or overdue recommendations affecting the operation of Beta;

#5031617/2

15 (55)

(q) satisfactory evidence that, including the funds in the Escrow Account, the Issuer has sufficient firm funding to refinance Existing Beta Bank Debt;

(r) evidence of the prepayment and cancellation in full of the Existing Beta Bank Debt; and

(s) any other Finance Documents (unless delivered Pre-Settlement and to the extent applicable), in acceptable form and duly executed.

6.5

The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, waive the deadline or requirements for

documentation as set out in Clause 6.1 and 6.4. For the avoidance of doubt, the Rig

Mortgage and the Assignment of Insurances to be delivered at delivery of the relevant Rig,

in accordance with a closing memorandum reasonable satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

6.6

In the event that the conditions precedent referred to in Clause 6.4 above for any reason

are not satisfied within 30 November 2014, the proceeds from the New Bonds shall be used

in connection with a mandatory prepayment of the entire Bond issue at (a) par value

(together with accrued interest) if such failure to comply with the said conditions

precedents is beyond the control of the Issuer and (b) otherwise at the rate applicable as

set out under Clause 10.3 (Mandatory Redemption) herein.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1

The Issuer, on behalf of itself and each other Obligor and the Rig Manager represents and

warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status

It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional

#5031617/2

16 (55)

documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
(e) No Event of Default
(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
(i) No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) No misleading information
1 7 (55)

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(k) No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l) Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(m) Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at

least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are

preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general

application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2

The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by

the Security Interests, which, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, will rank on a

second priority basis as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. The Senior Bank Facility

and Permitted Hedging shall be secured on a first priority basis in the Rigs and certain

other assets ahead of the Security Interest, in an initial maximum aggregate amount

(including security and guarantees for Permitted Hedging in a total maximum aggregate

amount of USD 30,000,000) of a total of USD 380,000,000 (plus interest and costs under the

Senior Bank Facility), subject to reductions in accordance with the instalments under the

Senior Bank Facility, all as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.

8.3

Any other Security or guarantees granted under the Senior Bank Facility shall also be

granted to the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders) to

secure on a second priority basis the Bond Issue in accordance with the principles of the

Intercreditor Agreement.

8.4

The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to enter into an Intercreditor Agreement on behalf of

itself and the Bondholders. The Intercreditor Agreement may contain, inter alia, a 270 day

standstill period on enforcing the Bond Issue or take any other actions against the Obligors.

The Bondholders will be provided with an option to purchase first priority debt within 90

days from the Agent's notice that it is accelerating the Senior Bank Facility. The Senior

Banks may, following a default under the Senior Bank Facility, defer amortization payments

#5031617/2

18 (55)

by USD 40,000,000 million in aggregate; provided, however, the aggregate outstanding amount of the Senior Bank Facility shall not exceed USD 380,000,000 (adjusted for the Bank Instalments) paid since the Senior Bank Facility was drawn.

8.5

The Bond Trustee may issue, or accept that the Security Agent issues, a quiet enjoyment

letter if so required by the end user of the Rig containing the covenant as follows:

"The Bond Trustee, or the Security Agent, may not interrupt the quiet use, possession and enjoyment of the Rig by the end-user, so long as no owner termination event is continuing and except as required by any applicable law binding on the Bond Trustee or the Agent. The exercise by the Bond Trustee of its rights under this Agreement or any Finance Document will not constitute such an interruption. "

8.6

On the condition that the Bondholders will obtain a security position which, in the

reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, is no less favourable under such structure then as

contemplated herein, Drilling Contracts and/or the intra-group bareboat charters may be

entered into under a different structure than the one contemplated by this Agreement,

including but not limited to (i) the Beta Charterer or any Rig Owner entering into a sub

charter with a new charter, (ii) the Beta Charterer novating the Beta Bareboat Charter to a

new charterer or (iii) the Beta Bareboat Charter or any other bareboat charter between

any Rig Owner and a new charterer being replaced by a time-charter.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date at a fixed rate of 8 per cent. (8%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2

Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the

first Interest Payment Date being [23] December 2014.

9.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment

Date, and thereafter from, and including, that Interest Payment Date to, but excluding,

the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4

The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of

the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in

the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the

number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days

months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the

first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in

which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to

a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of

February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to

a 30-day month)).

9.5

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated

as follows:

Interest Amount

=

Face

Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

#5031617/2

19 (55)

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 10.2.1

Call Option The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in full (Call Option) at any time from and including: (a) the Amendment Date to, but not including, the date falling 3 years after the
Amendment Date at a price equivalent to the sum of:

(i) the present value on the relevant record date of 103.2% as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date falling 3 years after the Amendment Date; and

(ii) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the date falling 3 years after the Amendment Date,

(b) both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned date falling 3 years after the Amendment Date) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;

(c) the date falling 3 years after the Amendment Date to, but not including, the date falling 4 years after the Amendment Date at a price equal to 103.2% (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(d) the date falling 4 years after the Amendment Date to, but not including, the date falling 4.5 years after the Amendment Date at a price equal to 101.6% (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount); and

(e) the date falling 4.5 years after the Amendment Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.8% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

10.2.2

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

#5031617/2

20 (55)

10.3 10.3.1

Mandatory Redemption Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring, the Issuer shall not later than 30 days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event (unless there is an Event of Default in which case it will be promptly), redeem:

(a) 100% of the outstanding Bonds if related to two or more Rigs, or

(b) if related to one of the Rigs (including shares in one of the Rig Owners) a percentage of the outstanding Bonds equal to the Fair Market Value (based on valuations not older than 90 days) of the relevant Rig divided by the Fair Market Value of all Rigs plus 10% points.

(c) In both instances at a price according to the Call Options.

10.3.2 the above-mentioned redemption prices shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Repayment Event occurred and not based on the date of repayment.

10.3.3 Upon the occurrence of several Mandatory Prepayment Events in relation to the sale of one Rig, the Issuer shall only be obliged to pay one redemption amount.

10.3.4 Upon the occurrence of several Mandatory Prepayment Events, the Issuer shall only be obliged to pay one redemption amount.

10.4 10.4.1

Total Loss
Upon the occurrence of a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly once insurance proceeds are available, but in any event no later than one hundred and eighty (180) days following the Total Loss Event (and in the case of any act of piracy, or any capture at sea, or any confiscation or similar intervention by a foreign state power, provided the relevant Rig has not been redelivered to the full control of the relevant Rig Owner or any of the Guarantors), redeem:

(a) 100% of the outstanding Bonds if the Total Loss Event relates to two or more rigs, or

(b) if related to one of the Rigs (including shares in one of the Rig Owners) a percentage of the outstanding Bonds equal to the Fair Market Value (based on valuations not older than 90 days) of the relevant Rig divided by the Fair Market Value of the delivered Rigs.

(c) In both instances at 100 % of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

10.5 10.5.1

Change of control Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.

10.5.2

The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

#5031617/2

21 (55)

10.5.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the two month exercise period of the Put Option.

10.5.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.5.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 11.1.1

Covenant to pay
The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 11.2.1

Payment mechanics
If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the any Obligor, the Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 11.3.1

Currency
If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are

#5031617/2

22 (55)

denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4

Set-off and counterclaims No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 11.5.1

Interest in the event of late payment In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2

The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 15.4.

11.6

Partial payments Subject to the term of the Intercreditor Agreement, if the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents or proceeds following enforcement of any Security Interest, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Finance Documents, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind;

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Finance Documents, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(d) finally, the balance, if any shall be paid to the Issuer.

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

#5031617/2

23 (55)

13.

COVENANTS

13.1 13.1.1

General The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants of the Issuer 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Change of Control Event, or any event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to lead to a Change of Control Event;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 130 days after the end of the financial year, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules and regulations;

(e) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 90 days after the end of the relevant quarter, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules and regulations;

(f) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(g) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(h) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(i) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(j) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond trustee is

#5031617/2

24 (55)

entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository or Paying Agent directly); and

(k) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(d) and (e), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3

General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1 and that the obligations of each Guarantor under any Finance Document to which it is a party shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Guarantor (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt

(b) Mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities if such transaction might have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction might have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation of business

The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Obligors from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.

(e) Disposal of business
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company and/or Guarantor shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless:

#5031617/2

25 (55)

(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and

(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f) Arm's length transactions

The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company and/or Guarantor shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

(g) Corporate status

The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation and ensure that no Obligor shall change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

(h) Compliance with laws

The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, each carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.4

Special covenants (a) Ownership to Obligors

The Issuer shall maintain minimum 100% (direct or indirect) ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights of the Interco, the Rig Owners, the Beta Operator, the Rig Manager and the Beta Charterer.

(b) Dividends and other distributions

The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer), or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders, until the latest of January 2016 and the delivery of both Gamma and Delta, provided always that the aggregated transfer of value from the Issuer to its shareholders shall not exceed 50.00% of Issuer's consolidated net profit after taxes based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year (any un-utilized portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not be carried forward to any subsequent financial year).

(c) Refinancing of Senior Bank Facility

The Issuer shall not refinance the Senior Bank Facility, unless maximum refinanced amount equals the outstanding amount at the time of refinancing and provided that such facility is on market terms, with no change to the amortization profile described in sub-clause (g) below, or quarterly repayment dates, with no additional Security or guarantees unless not also granted to the benefit of the Bondholders on a second priority basis and an

#5031617/2

26 (55)

intercreditor agreement on substantially similar terms as the Intercreditor Agreement has been entered into in respect of such refinancing.
(d) Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any additional security over the shares in the Rig Manager or any of the assets subject to the Security Interest other than the security for the Senior Bank Facility, the Permitted Hedging and the Bond Issue.
(e) Additional rig projects
The Issuer shall ensure that any additional construction contract for a new rig, entered into by any Group Company is entered into on a non-recourse basis to any Group Company so that the construction contracts shall be entered into by special purpose companies (not being any of the Obligors) and no Group Company shall grant any guarantee or other financial assistance for any obligations under any such construction contract (however so that intra-group loans without available commitments may be provided to the relevant special purpose company by any Group Company which is not an Obligor)
(f) Delivery of Delta and Gamma
The Issuer shall procure that the on the respective Delivery Dates, all customary documents in relation to delivery of the relevant Rig, all being satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, including, but not limited to documents evidencing insurances, ownership and the Delta Owner Security and the Gamma Owner Security (as the case may be) are delivered to the Bond Trustee. The Issuer shall on the Delivery Dates of each Rig provide copies of the CP documents related to drawdowns under the Senior Bank Facility to the Bond Trustee.
(g) Senior Bank Facility
The Issuer shall ensure that any refinancing of the Senior Bank Facility, shall contain, inter alia, the following amortization profile;
(i) quarterly repayments of USD 1.472 million starting three months after first drawdown (the "First Drawdown"); and
(ii) additional quarterly repayments of USD 3.33 million starting the earliest of 3 months after delivery of Gamma (the "Second Drawdown") and the next scheduled repayment in respect of the First Drawdown after the Second Drawdown; and
(iii) further additional quarterly repayments of USD 4.92 million starting the earliest of 3 months after delivery of Delta (the "Third Drawdown") and the next scheduled repayment in respect of the First Drawdown after the Third Drawdown; and
(iv) further additional quarterly repayments of USD 1.25million 1.25 million starting at the first scheduled repayment after July1 2017, down to an

1TBC #5031617/2

27 (55)

aggregate balloon payment on final maturity date of approximately USD 177 million,
provided that any unutilized amount under the respective drawdowns can be included in subsequent drawdowns.
(h) Intra-Group Loans
The Issuer shall ensure that any Intra-Group Loan shall be documented by a loan agreement acceptable to the Bond Trustee and that any Group Company not being an Obligor, may not provide an internal loan to the Issuer.
(i) Unsecured debt restriction
That any of its unsecured interest bearing debt from a non-related party shall have a final maturity date after the Maturity Date and have no amortization until the Maturity Date of the Bond.
(j) Application of Earnings
(i) The Issuer shall procure that, as long as no event of default has occurred and is continuing under the Senior Bank Facility or the Bond Issue and subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, all earnings under the Drilling Contracts shall be paid into the relevant Earnings Account and the following transfers and payments shall be made on a monthly basis (such payment to be made at the end of the month):
(A) the amount equal to the budgeted operating and management expenses for the Rigs according to the Rig Management Agreements and the general and administrative expenses of the Issuer shall be transferred to the relevant Operating Account;
(B) 1/3 of the quarterly amounts required for debt service under the Senior Bank Facility; and
(C) 1/3 of the next coupon payment under the Bond Issue to be transferred to the Debt Service Account.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that each Rig Owners, the Beta Charterer and the Beta Operator lawfully transfers (by dividends, repayment of Intra-Group Loans or otherwise) revenue deriving from the Rigs to the Issuer sufficient for the Issuer to service its payment obligations under the Senior Bank Facility and the Bond Issue.
(k) Termination of Construction Contracts
If any of the Construction Contracts are terminated (and not replaced within 60 days with contracts with the same Yard for the same rigs on terms similar or more in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, favourable to the Issuer), the Issuer shall not draw from the Senior Bank Facility the tranche related to that Rig and will cancel that tranche. If a delivered Rig in respect of which a tranche has been drawn is sold or becomes a Total Loss,

#5031617/2

28 (55)

an amount of Senior Bank Facility proportionate to the market value of that Rig, compared to the aggregate Market Value of all Rigs (or the project price of not yet delivered Rigs) must be prepaid and will be subsequently cancelled.

13.5

Accou nt Covenants (a) Issuer Accounts

The Issuer shall open and maintain the Escrow Account and the Debt Service Account with the Account Bank.

(b) Debt Service Account

(i) The Issuer shall at the end of each month pay into the Debt Service Account an amount equal to 1/3 of the coupon payment payable on the next Interest Payment Date.

(ii) The amount deposited in the Debt Service Account shall only be released for the next scheduled coupon payments as and when they fall due, as long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

(c) Senior Bank Accounts

The Issuer shall procure that itself, the Rig Owners, the Beta Charterer and the Beta Operator (as applicable) open and maintain the following accounts with the Agent or the Account Bank where applicable:

(i) Earnings Accounts (to be held by any Obligor receiving revenues from the Rigs and the Issuer), on which all revenues of the Rigs will be paid to (or in respect of the Issuer, also distributions from any other Obligor);

(ii) Retention Account to be held by the Issuer and blocked from withdrawals, to cover the payment of the debt service (principal plus interest) under the Senior Facility Agreement on the next payment date. At the end of each month, an amount of 1/3 of the debt service payable on the next payment date shall be deposited on the Retention Account. The amount deposited on the Retention Account shall not exceed 3 months debt service;

(iii) Operating Accounts to be opened by the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor for each Rig; and

(iv) any other bank account opened by any of an Obligor which is to be pledged in favour of the Security Agent and the Bond Trustee in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, however any Obligor may open unpledged bank accounts but the total amounts standing on such accounts shall never exceed USD 3,000,000.

13.6

Rig and Insurance covenants The Issuer shall procjre that the relevant member of the Rig Owner Group complies with the covenants in this Clause 13.6.

(a) Maintenance

#5031617/2

29 (55)

(i) The Rigs are kept in good and safe condition and state of repair consistent with prudent ownership and appropriate industry standards.
(ii) The Rigs are operated in accordance with good industry standards and in accordance with their obligations under the relevant Drilling Contract, and in compliance with the terms of the Security Documents and this Bond Agreement.
(b) Insurance
(i) Provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of insurance of the delivered Rigs and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, hereunder to retain the Rigs in class.
(ii) During the operations of the Rigs that the Rig Manager or Rig Owners run proper maintenance of the Rigs according to a planned maintenance system.
(iii) The Insurances, and any loss payable clause issued in respect of the Insurances or similar provisions therein, shall be in accordance with the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan of 2013 or other insurance plan with at least equally favourable terms.
(iv) Maintain or ensure that the delivered Rigs is adequately insured against such risks, including but not limited to, Hull and Machinery, third party liability insurance as per industry standards, loss of hire and requisition compensation, expropriation risk, Protection & Indemnity and War Risk Insurances, as well as any additional insurances required under any Drilling Contracts.
(v) The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to keep a Mortgagee's Interest Insurance and Mortgagee Additional Peril Insurance on standard market terms in respect of rigs of this type in the waters it operates, at the cost of the Issuer.
(vi) Ensure that the insurable value of the delivered Rigs under the Hull and Machinery insurance shall be for at least the full Market Value of the Rig as determined by a valuation performed by an independent third party expert and at least equal to or the higher of 120 % of the Outstanding Bonds.
(vii) Ensure that all the Insurances shall be maintained with reputable insurers of good financial standing, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
(c) Title
(i) Hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in the Rigs and the Insurances taken out in respect of the Rig and assigned to the Bond Trustee, free of any and all Security except for those expressly permitted under this Bond Agreement and the Senior Bank Facility.
(ii) Not dispose of a Rig unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.3.1.
(d) Class, flag, name, registry

#5031617/2

30 (55)

Ensure that the Rigs maintain their class, flag and name, and that they remain registered in Panama, unless otherwise approved by the Bond Trustee.

(e) Operations in accordance with laws etc.

At all times exercise its rights under the Project Documents to require that the Rig in all material respects is operated in accordance with any laws, regulations, administrative decisions and/or other public authorities as applicable from time to time and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

(f) Charter arrangements

That no Drilling Contracts and/or intra-group bareboat charters are entered into under a different structure than contemplated by this Agreement, unless the Bondholders will obtain a security position which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, is no less favourable under such structure than as contemplated by this Agreement.

(g) Inspection of the Rigs
Upon the request of, and with thirty (30) days prior notice from, the Bond Trustee, allow for a technical adviser appointed by the Bond Trustee to undertake during normal business hours a technical inspection of the Rigs, provided that such inspection is without interference to the daily operation of the Rig. Such inspections shall be limited to one per calendar year and shall be at the reasonable expense of the Issuer, provided that on the occurrence of an Event of Default such inspections may be conducted at any time at the Issuer's expense.

13.7

Obligor Covenants The Issuer shall procure that all Obligors comply with the covenants in this Clause 13.7.

(a) Continuation of business Not cease to carry on its business or substantially change the general nature of its business.

(b) Application of Earnings Not change the order of payments as set out in Clause 13.4(i).

(c) Project Documents
To the extent that the Obligor is a party to such Project Document;
(i) enforce any rights that it has to ensure that each Rig is to the best of its knowledge at all times operated and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents;
(ii) not agree to or permit any changes to the Project Documents which are likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on its ability to meet its obligations thereunder and/or its liability to meet its obligations under the Senior Bank Facility and the Bond Agreement; and

#5031617/2

31 (55)

(iii) not agree to or permit the assignment of any of its rights under the Project Documents, other than the security documents in favour of the Senior Bank Facility and the Bonds.

(d) Arm's length transactions
Not enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

13.8

Rig Owners Group Covenants The Issuer shall procure that each member of the Rig Owner Group complies with the covenants in this Clause 13.8.

(a) Mergers
Not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations with any other companies or entities.

(b) De-mergers
Not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split into two or more separate companies or entities.

(c) Disposal of business
Not sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

(d) Constitutional Documents
Not amend its constitutional documents. Any amendment relating to the issuance of new shares in connection with conversion of debt to equity or otherwise is permitted, provided that such shares are subject to a Security Interest.

(e) Restrictions on contractual obligations
Not agree to any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting its right to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders or service Intra-Group Loans.

(f) Sanctions
Not allow the Rig to operate in Cuba, Iran, Myanmar, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country or area being subject to Sanctions

13.9

Rig Owners Covenants The Issuer shall procure that each Rig Owners complies with the covenants in this Clause 13.9.

(a) Single Purpose Company

Remain a single-purpose company, owning, operating and chartering out the relevant Rig to a Client or, in respect of the Beta Owner, the Beta Charterer.

#5031617/2

32 (55)

(b) Inspection
Upon the request of, and with thirty (30) days prior notice from, the Bond Trustee, it shall allow for a technical adviser appointed by the Bond Trustee to undertake during normal business hours a technical inspection of the Rigs, provided that such inspection is without interference to the daily operation of the Rig. Such inspections shall be limited to one per calendar year and shall be at the reasonable expense of the Issuer, provided that on the occurrence of an Event of Default such inspections may be conducted at any time at the Issuer's expense
(c) Ownership
That the Beta Owner shall maintain a 100% (direct) ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights of the Beta Charterer.
(d) Delivery Date of the Rigs
On the relevant Delivery Dates of Gamma and Delta:
(i) provide evidence of all relevant Insurances having been taken out;
(ii) provide copies of customary delivery documents; and
(iii) provide copies of the Delta Owner Security or the Gamma Owner Security, as the case may be.
(e) Financial Arrangement
Not make any other financial or other arrangements concerning the Rigs and its employment other than provided for in the Finance Documents, except as explicitly permitted pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents.
(f) No Financial support
Not grant any loans, guarantees, security or other financial assistance to any party, other than (i) the guarantees and the security granted by it as security for the Bond Issue, Senior Bank Facility and Permitted Fledging, (ii) any Intra-Group Loans and (iii) guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business (including guarantees relating to the ownership and employment of its Rigs).
(g) Negative Pledge
Not create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for (i) any security granted as security for the Bond Issue, (ii) any security granted as security for the Senior Bank Facility or Permitted Hedging and (iii) any lien or security arising by operation of law or incurred in the ordinary course of operation of the Rigs.
(h) Financial Indebtedness Restrictions
Not incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than (i) any Intra Group Loans and (ii) financial support permitted by this Agreement.

#5031617/2

33 (55)

(i) Investment Restrictions
Not invest or take part in any other activity than solely related to the construction, ownership and operation of the Rigs.

13.10

Beta Charterer Covenants The Issuer shall procure that the Beta Charterer complies with the covenants in this Clause 13.10.

(a) Ownership
Maintain a 99,99% (direct) ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights of the Beta Operator.

(b) Intra-Group Charter At all times comply with its obligations under the Beta Bareboat Charter.

(c) Drilling Contracts
Not enter into any other drilling contract for Beta other than a Drilling Contract, subject to Clause 8.6.

(d) Single Purpose Company Remain as a single-purpose company, operating and chartering Beta.

(e) Financial Support
Not grant any loans, guarantees, security or other financial assistance to any party, other than (i) the guarantees and the security granted by it as security for the Bond Issue, Senior Bank Facility and Permitted Hedging, (ii) any Intra-Group Loans and (iii) guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business (including guarantees relating to the employment of Beta).

(f) Negative Pledge
Not create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for (i) any security granted as security for the Bond Issue, (ii) any security granted as security for the Senior Bank Facility or Permitted Hedging and (iii) any lien or security arising by operation of law or incurred in the ordinary course of operation of the Rigs.
(g) Financial Indebtedness Restrictions
Not incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than (i) any Intra Group Loans and (ii) financial support permitted by this Agreement.

(h) Investment Restrictions
Not invest or take part in any other activity than solely related to the construction, ownership and operation of the Rigs.

#5031617/2

34 (55)

13.11

Rig Manager Covenants The Issuer shall procure that the Rig Manager complies with the covenants in this Clause 13.11..

(a) Ownership

Maintain a 1% (direct) ownership in the Interco and hold one share of the Beta Operator.

(b) Arm's length transactions

Not enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

(c) Mergers

Not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations with any other companies or entities.

(d) De-mergers

Not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split into two or more separate companies or entities.

(e) Financial Support

Not grant any loans, guarantees, security or other financial assistance to any party, other than (i) the guarantees and the security granted by it as security for the Bond Issue, Senior Bank Facility and Permitted Hedging, (ii) any Intra-Group Loans and (iii) guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business (including guarantees relating to the employment of the Rigs).

(f) Negative Pledge

Not create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for (i) any security granted as security for the Bond Issue, (ii) any security granted as security for the Senior Bank Facility or Permitted Hedging and (iii) any lien or security arising by operation of law.

(g) Financial Indebtedness Restrictions

Not incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than (i) any Intra Group Loans and (ii) financial support permitted by this Agreement.

(h) Investment Restrictions

Not invest or take part in any other activity than solely related to the operation and management of the rigs fully or partially owned by the Group.

13.12

Beta Operator Covenants The Issuer shall procure that the Beta Operator complies with the covenants in this Clause 13.12..

#5031617/2

35 (55)

(a) Financial Support
Not grant any loans, guarantees, security or other financial assistance to any party, other than (i) the guarantees and the security granted by it as security for the Bond Issue, Senior Bank Facility and Permitted Hedging, (ii) any Intra-Group Loans and (iii) guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business (including guarantees relating to the employment of Beta).
(b) Negative Pledge
Not create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for (i) any security granted as security for the Bond Issue, (ii) any security granted as security for the Senior Bank Facility or Permitted Hedging and (iii) any lien or security arising by operation of law.
(c) Financial Indebtedness Restrictions
Not incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than (i) any Intra Group Loans and (ii) financial support permitted by this Agreement.
(d) Investment Restrictions
Not invest or take part in any other activity than solely related to the operation of Beta.
13.13 Interco Covenants The Issuer shall procure that the Interco complies with the covenants in this Clause 13.13..
(a) Ownership
Maintain minimum 99% direct ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights of the Rig Owners.
(b) Mergers
Not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations with any other companies or entities.
(c) De-mergers
Not, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split into two or more separate companies or entities.
(d) Negative Pledge
Not create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets, subject to the Security Interest or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except the security for the Senior Bank Facility, the Permitted Hedging and the Bond Issue.
(e) Additional rig projects
Procure that any additional construction contract for a new rig, entered into by any Group Company is entered into on a non-recourse basis to any Group Company so that the

#5031617/2

36 (55)

construction contracts shall be entered into by special purpose companies (not being any of the Obligors) and no Group Company shall grant any guarantee or other financial assistance for any obligations under any such construction contract (however so that intra-group loans without available commitments may be provided to the relevant special purpose company by any Group Company which is not an Obligor).
(f) Restrictions on contractual obligations
Not agree to any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting its right to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders or service Intra-Group Loans.
(g) Unsecured debt restriction
That any unsecured interest bearing debt from a non-related party shall have a final maturity date after the Maturity Date and have no amortization until the Maturity Date of the Bond.
13.14 Financial Covenants (a) Book Equity
The Issuer shall ensure that the Book Equity at all times shall be a minimum of USD 90,000,000, to be increased by USD 40,000,000 at the Second Drawdown under the Senior Bank Facility and by USD 65,000,000 (to USD 195,000,000) at the Third Drawdown under the Senior Bank Facility.
(b) Debt Service Coverage Ratio
The Issuer shatl ensure that the Debt Service Coverage Ratio at all times shall from and including 31 December 2014 be minimum 1.10x.
(c) Equity Ratio
The Issuer shall ensure that the Equity Ratio at all times shall be minimum 30%.
(d) Interest Cover Ratio
The Issuer shall ensure that the Interest Cover Ratio at all times from and including 31 December 2014 shall be minimum 2.5x.
(e) Liquidity
The Issuer (on consolidated basis) shall have a minimum Liquidity of (i) USD 15,000,000 until the Second Drawdown under the Senior Bank Facility, (ii) 20,000,000 until the Third Drawdown under the Senior Bank Facility and (iii) thereafter the higher of USD 30,000,000 and 6% of outstanding interest bearing debt (on a consolidated basis)
(f) Senior Bank Asset Cover Ratio
The Issuer shall ensure that the Senior Bank Asset Cover Ratio shall be minimum 140% at all times until the 2nd anniversary of the First Drawdown and at least 150% at all times thereafter.

#5031617/2

37 (55)

(g) Testing
The financial covenants included in this Clause 13.5 (Financial Covenants) shall be tested on each Quarter Date, commencing 31 December 2014.
(h) Calculations
The Interest Cover Ratio and the Debt Service Coverage Ratio shall be calculated on a 12months rolling basis, with the following adjustments:
(i) EBITDA and Interest Expenses related to any new rig (including Beta, Delta and Gamma) shall only be included in the calculations from the earliest of 6 months after the actual delivery date of the new unit or 3 months after commencement of a Drilling Contract and after which date (and until 12 months after being included in the calculations) EBITDA and Interest Expenses shall be annualized based on reported earnings from commencement of the Drilling Contract; and
(ii) if any rig is sold or divested, the EBITDA and Interest Expenses shall be adjusted in-line with principles outlined above, hence not being included in the calculation.
(i) Definitions
In this Clause 13.5 (Financial Covenants):
"Debt Service Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to the aggregate of Interest Expenses and amortisations of debt (whether made or not, however, not to include agreed deferrals of any amortisations of debt falling due after the previous period of twelve months).
"EBITDA" means the earnings before interest expenses, taxes, any Exceptional Items, any depreciation and amortisation.
"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Total Equity to Total Assets.
"Exceptional Items" means any material items of an unusual or non-recurring nature which represent gains or losses including those arising on:
(i) disposals, revaluations, write downs or impairment of non-current assets or any reversal of any write down or impairment; and
(ii) disposals of assets associated with discontinued operations.
"Interest Cover Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Interest Expenses.
"Interest Expenses" means all interest and other financing charges incurred, for the avoidance of doubt including interest payments under the bonds (whether, in each case, paid, payable or capitalised) (but excluding arrangement or similar fees in connection with the Senior Bank Facility and excluding any guarantee commissions to the extent that such commission is shown as an operating cost in the then latest financial statement delivered

#5031617/2

38 (55)

under the Senior Bank Facility and excluding the impact of any non-cash, valuation adjustments related to any interest rate swap).
"Liquidity" means, at any given time, the aggregate of freely available and unencumbered cash and bank deposits with banks having a minimum credit rating of `A' by S&P, including cash deposited in any of the Accounts or Senior Bank Accounts but excluding the Debt Service Account and the Senior Bank Retention Accounts.
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Rigs in USD determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the relevant vessels obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the relevant vessels appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer. The valuation shall be made at least semi-annually, or following an Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee. If the two valuations differ by a margin of more than 10% then a third independent sale & purchase broker shall provide a valuation and the value of the relevant Rig shall be the average of the three valuations.
"Senior Bank Asset Cover Ratio" means the Market Value of the Figs relative to the aggregated outstanding amount under the Senior Bank Facility.
Total Assets" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total assets in accordance with GAAP, less any goodwill.
Total Equity" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's equity treated as equity in accordance with GAAP, less any goodwill.
(j) Adjustments in Senior Bank Facility
If additional financial covenants apply to the Senior Bank Facility, the same financial covenants shall be included in the Bond Agreement.
14. FEES AND EXPENSES 14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the
Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

#5031617/2

39 (55)

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 - Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the
following events:
(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach of other obligations
Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default
If for any Obligor:

#5031617/2

40(55)

(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of USD 5 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
(d) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency
(i) Any Obligor is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or suspends making payments on any of its debts.
(ii) The value of the assets of any Obligor is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities)
(f) Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If for [any Obligor, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder; or
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;

#5031617/2

41 (55)

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This paragraph (f) shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.
(g) Creditors' process
Any Obligor having any of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, having an aggregate value as set out in paragraph (cj above.
(h) Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.
(i) Material Adverse Change
Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.

#5031617/2

42 (55)

16.
16.1
16.1.1

BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings
16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

#5031617/2

43 (55)

16.2.7

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 16.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

#5031617/2

44(55)

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the

repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1 /2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 17.1.1

The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

#5031617/2

45 (55)

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such
notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 17.2.1

Liability and indemnity The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.4. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

#5031617/2

46 (55)

17.3 17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 17.4.1

Appointment of Security Agent
The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the security solely securing the Bond Issue and the Agent is appointed to act as Security Agent for the remaining security for the Bond Issue, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.2 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other

#5031617/2

47 (55)

action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 18.2.1

Bond Defeasance The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("the Bond Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

#5031617/2

48 (55)

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:

(a) all Obligors shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Comoanies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.2.4 If the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered at a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

18.3

Limitation of claims All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 18.4.1

Access to information
This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5

Amendments All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

#5031617/2

49 (55)

18.6 18.6.1

Notices, contact Information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) if the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.
(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 18.7.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2 All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be

#5031617/2

50 (55)

exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

18.8

Process Agent The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any othei act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

*****

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

#5031617/2

51 (55)

Issuer:

SIGNATORIES:
Bond Trustee:
By: Position:

#5031617/2

52 (55)

Issuer:
By: Position:

S IG N A T O R IE S :
Bond Trustee:
By: Fredrik Lundben
Position:

#5031617/2

52

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

SCHEDULE 1
C o m plian ce C ertificate

Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 1 0 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,
ATLANTICA TENDER DRILLING LTD. SECOND LIEN CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2014/2019 - ISIN 001 0675580
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date

of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3.

all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

4.

the Liquidity as of [date] is XX.

5.

The Book Equity as of [date] is XX.

6.

The Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of [date] is XX.

7.

The Equity Ratio as of [date] is XX.

8.

The Interst Cover Ratio as of [date] is XX.

9.

The Market Value of the Rigs as of [date] is XX, see enclosed statement from XX, the

aggregated outstanding amount under the Senior Bank Facility as of [date] is XX, and the

Senior Bank Asset Cover Ratio as of [date] is XX.

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

#5031617/2

53 (55)

Yours faithfully,
NX Name of authorized person
Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

#5031617/2

54 (55)

SCHEDULE 2
Release Notice - Escrow A ccount
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 1 0 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,
ATLANTICA TENDER DRILLING LTD. SECOND LIEN CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2014/2019 - ISIN 001 0675580 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd.

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

#5031617/2

55 (55)

