Term Sheet
ISIN: NO 0010684327
BassDrill Alpha Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2013/2018
(the "Bonds" / the "Bond Issue")
Settlement Date: 5 July 2013

Issuer: Rig Manager: Alternate Issuer:
Currency: Principal Amount: Coupon Rate: Settlement Date:
Final Maturity Date: Amortization:
First interest payment day: Last interest payment day: Interest Payments:
Price: Nominal value: Status of the Bonds:

BassDrill Alpha Ltd. incorporated under the laws of Bermuda and the 100% owner of the Rig, or any Alternate Issuer.
BassDrill Management (USA) Inc. incorporated under the laws of Texas and 100% owned by BassDrill Ltd.
Entity incorporated in Malta or Luxembourg, having assumed all rights and obligations of the Issuer and having the identical activity as the Issuer. The Issuer may be substituted with the Alternate Issuer provided that the Alternate Issuer provides the Alternate Issuer Conditions Precedent to the satisfaction of the Trustee.
USD
USD 90 million.
7.50% p.a., quarterly interest payments.
5 July 2013.
Notice to be given to subscribers a minimum of two banking days prior to the Settlement Date (on which date the Principal Amount shall be credited to the Escrow Account (as defined below)).
5 July 2018.
The Bonds shall be repaid at par value by the Issuer with USD 1.5 million and be subject to the Cash Sweep on each interest payment day. Any Bonds outstanding shall be repaid at par value on the Final Maturity Date.
5 October 2013 (3 months after the Settlement Date).
Final Maturity Date.
Interest on the Bonds will commence to accrue on the Settlement Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the interest payment day in January, April, July and October each year. Daycount fraction is "30/360", business day convention is "unadjusted" and business day is "Oslo and New York".
97.50 % of par value.
The Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 1 each. Minimum subscription and allotment amount shall be USD 200,000.
The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer and secured on a first priority basis over the Rig and certain other assets as set out herein. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other claims of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.

Call Options (American):

The Issuer may redeem the outstanding Bonds (all or nothing) at (i) any time from and including the date falling 3 years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling 4 years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 103 % of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount), (ii) from and including the date falling 4 years after the Settlement Date but not including, the date falling 4.5 years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 101.50 % of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount) and (iii) from and including the date falling 4.5 years after the Settlement Date up to the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.50 % of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

Release of funds from the The funds on the Escrow Account shall be released by the Trustee to the Issuer

Escrow Account:

subject to all relevant Conditions Precedent being fulfilled.

Purpose of the Bond Issue:

The net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of legal costs, fees of the Managers and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be employed to (i) refinance the outstanding amount under the Natixis Facility (as defined below) and Existing Shareholder Loan (as defined below), (ii) fund the Reserve Account (as defined below), (iii) pay the Initial Dividend (as defined below), and (iv) fund general corporate purposes.

Initial Dividend:

An amount up to USD 26 million to be paid by the Issuer to its shareholders as distribution from contributed surplus. The Initial Dividend will be paid in two amounts: (i) USD 21 million within 30 days after the Settlement Date; and (ii) USD 5 million within 2 years after the Settlement Date, notwithstanding any restrictions set out herein on transfers by the Issuer to its shareholders, but always subject to the Conditions Precedent being fulfilled.

Natixis Facility:

USD 55 million senior secured term loan facility entered into by the Issuer with Natixis and ABN AMRO Bank N.V. bearing interest at a variable rate of LIBOR plus 5.25% payable quarterly with a final maturity date of no later than 30 December 2013. As of 31 May 2013, USD 45,119,931.70 outstanding.

Existing Shareholder Loan:

USD 10 million subordinated loan agreement entered into by the Issuer as borrower and its shareholders listed below as lenders on 9 December 2011 with an interest rate of 20% p.a. (accrued interest is capitalized and added to the loan at the end of each calendar quarter, first time as of 31 March 2012).

Shareholder loans as follows: BassDrill Ltd: Pareto Worldwide Offshore AS: Maas Capital Investments B.V: Grover Star Shipping Corporation: Marine Services and Trading Company: Kontiki Four World Holdings Ltd:

USD 2,526,453 USD 3,679,889 USD 2,599,587 USD 1,090,235 USD 71,429 USD 32,407

Rig: Charter:

As of 31 May 2013, USD 13,314,272.84 outstanding.

The flat bottom tender assist drilling unit the "BassDrill Alpha" including all relevant equipment thereto, built in 2010. The Rig is registered in Panama with call sign 3F0L2 and MMSI 354088000.

Means:

(i)

any intra-Group charter contract and/or other contract of employment in

respect of the Rig; and

(ii) any charter contract and/or other contract of employment in respect of the Rig entered into by the Issuer or a Subsidiary (if any) with a customer outside the Group, including but not limited to the Total Charter Contract.

Group: Subsidiary:
Charterer: Total Charter Contract: Management Agreement(s): Cash Sweep:
Security:

The Issuer, or the Alternate Issuer, and the Subsidiaries (if any) (each a "Group Company").
An entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
Means (i) in respect of the Total Charter Contract, Total E&P Congo, and (ii) in respect of any other Charter, any client under a Charter.
The contract for offshore drilling services, with reference number 4640001800, entered into between the Issuer and Total E&P Congo in respect of the Rig, as amended and extended, originally dated 15 September 2011.
Any management agreement between the Rig Manager and the Issuer or any relevant Group Company, as the case may be, for the technical and commercial management of the Rig, including the agreement dated 27 June 2008 between the Rig Manager and the Issuer.
All cash exceeding USD 7.5 million, however not including the part of the Initial Dividend not paid within 30 days after the Settlement Date, deposited on the Reserve Account (as defined below) (the "Cash Sweep Amount") in accordance with the Application of Earnings (as defined below) shall be used to repay the Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount). Such redemption shall take place on every interest payment day subject to the credit balance on the Reserve Account, on the tenth banking day prior to the relevant interest payment day, being in an amount of minimum USD 7.5 million. The Cash Sweep shall only be in effect as long as the Asset Coverage Ratio is below 160%.
As security for the Finance Documents (including any interest, default interest, costs and expenses) the following security has been or will be executed (all in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders)):
Pre-Settlement Security:
(i) a pledge over the Escrow Account (as defined below) (according to Norwegian law) (the "Escrow Account Pledge");
Pre-Disbursement Security:
(ii) a first priority mortgage over the Rig including all equipment legally part of the Rig under Panamanian law (the "Mortgage"), (including a deed of covenants supplemental to the Mortgage and to the security thereby created between the Issuer and the Trustee);
(iii) a first ranking floating charge (the "Floating Charge") over all the assets of the Issuer governed by Bermudian law;
(iv) a pledge granted by the shareholders over all of the shares (100%) issued by the Issuer (the "Share Pledge"), together with inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon a default) from current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members;
(v) to the extent possible, an assignment of the rights of the Issuer under the Total Charter Contract, the Issuer shall give notice and use its best endeavors to obtain consent and acknowledgement of such assignment from the Charterer (the "Total Charter Assignment");

(vi) to the extent possible, an assignment of any earnings payable to the Issuer under the Total Charter Contract. The Issuer shall give notice and use its best endeavors to procure the acknowledgement of such assignment from the Charterer (the "Assignments of Earnings");
(vii) an assignment of any and all Management Agreements. The assignment to contain direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default, and the Issuer shall give notice and obtain consent and acknowledgement from the Rig Manager (the "Assignment of Management Agreements");
(viii) a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Earnings Account (as defined below) (the "Earnings Account Pledge");
(ix) a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Operating Account (as defined below) (the "Operating Account Pledge");
(x) a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Retention Account (as defined below) (the "Retention Account Pledge");
(xi) a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Reserve Account (as defined below) (the "Reserve Account Pledge");
(xii) an assignment in all relevant insurances related to the Rig and the equipment related thereto (the "Assignment of Insurances");
(xiii) a first priority assignment of any intercompany loans granted between two Group Companies or receivables between two Group Companies (if any) (the "Assignment of Intercompany Loans");
(xiv) a pledge granted by the Issuer, and any other shareholders (as long as reasonably practical), over all of the shares (100%) in each Subsidiary of the Issuer (if any) (the "Issuer Share Pledge"), together with (to the extent legally possible), inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon a default) from current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members; and
(xv) an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee granted by each Subsidiary of the Issuer (if any) (the "Guarantee"),
(collectively, the "Issuer Security Documents").
Additional Security:
The Charter may be entered into by a Subsidiary of the Issuer; provided, that: (i) the Issuer, and any other shareholders (as long as reasonably practical), grants an Issuer Share Pledge unless already provided as a Pre-Disbursement Security; and (ii) such Subsidiary provides a Guarantee (such guarantee to also contain relevant covenants to the Trustee's satisfaction) for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents unless already provided as a Pre-Disbursement Security and a pledge over the Subsidiary's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit in the Subsidiary Earnings Account and the Subsidiary Operating Account (both as defined below) (the "Subsidiary Account Pledge", together with the Issuer Share Pledge and the Guarantee, the "Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents").
The Issuer may transfer ownership of the Rig to a wholly owned (directly) Subsidiary established in Malta or Luxembourg; provided, that, in addition to the Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents, the following security is

established: (i) a new Mortgage over the Rig, (ii) a new Total Charter Assignment, (iii) a new Assignment of Earnings, (iv) an irrevocable on-demand guarantee (such guarantee also to contain all relevant rig covenants and other covenants to the Trustee's satisfaction) and (v) any other relevant security required to give the Bondholders an equal security position (hereunder a new Assignment of Insurances if relevant) as determined by the Trustee (the "Rig Transfer Additional Security Documents").

The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established by no later than the Settlement Date. The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to any release from the Escrow Account as described below under Conditions Precedent PreDisbursement.

Any new Charter entered into by the Issuer shall be subject to the same security as the Total Charter Contract as set out in (v) and (vi) above.

The Issuer Security Documents, the Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents and the Rig Transfer Additional Security Documents to be referred to herein as the Security Documents.

The Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents shall only be provided to the extent that such security is reasonably practical or legally possible to provide for such Subsidiary, in the sole discretion of the Trustee. If the Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents are not delivered to the Trustee, the Issuer shall procure that such Subsidiary pays the Net Charter Hire on a monthly basis into the Issuer's Earnings Account.

Ranking:

The Issuer Security Documents, the Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents and the Rig Transfer Additional Documents above shall constitute first priority security.

Quiet Enjoyment Letter:

If required by any third party Charterer under a Charter, the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall be authorized and obligated to issue a quiet enjoyment letter (the "QEL") in favour of such Charterer (and its creditors) in such form as the Issuer shall reasonably require in order to be able to comply with the requirements of the Charter.

The QEL shall be given on industry standard terms, and shall include an undertaking that for as long as:

(i) the Charterer is not in breach of obligations under the Charter which breach would permit the termination of the Charter, and

(ii) payment of all amounts due and payable under the Charter is duly made pursuant to the terms thereof,

then, the rights and remedies of the Trustee under the Mortgage shall be subordinated and subject to the rights and remedies of the Charterer under the Charter, and the Trustee shall not disturb or interfere with the quiet and peaceful use, possession and enjoyment of the Rig by the Charterer under the Charter; provided, subject to the prior approval of the Charterer, that the QEL provides for the Trustee (i) to (if applicable) be notified by the Charterer if the rig owner is in default under the Charter and is granted the right to remedy such breach, and (ii) in case of an Event of Default under the Bond Agreement which is not remedied, to have a right to assign the Rig and the Charter to a nominee of the Trustee, being reasonably satisfactory to the Charterer.

Application of Earnings:

All gross earnings related to the Rig, including the Charter Rate/Net Charter Hire (as, and if, applicable) and any excess cash in a Subsidiary Earnings Account (if any) shall be paid into the Earnings Account, and the following transfers and payments shall be made from the Earnings Account on a monthly basis as soon as

practicable after receipt ("Transfer Date"):
(i) firstly, the Issuer shall procure a transfer to the Retention Account of an amount equal to 1/3 of the next interest payment and 1/3 of the next scheduled amortization;
(ii) secondly, the Issuer shall procure a transfer to the Operating Account of the management and operational expenses for the Rig, as provided under the Management Agreement; being the aggregate of:
(a) the amount equal to the budgeted operating expenses for the Rig, in each case to be paid at least 30 days before the start of the next calendar month in which the budgeted cost commitments are anticipated, plus or minus any shortfall or surplus between the budgeted operating expenses and the actual operating expenses from the previous month;
(b) the fixed management fee amounting to USD 4,500 per day of the forthcoming month, which is payable to the Rig Manager monthly in advance pursuant to the Management Agreement;

(c) a performance bonus, payable to the Rig Manager, of 3% of full EBITDA under drilling contracts, pursuant to the Management Agreement; and

Net Charter Hire:
Application of Earnings following an Event of Default:
Accounts:

(d) such additional funds, if any, as are required to ensure that the Operating Account at any time holds not less than the higher of either (i) 150% of the then budgeted operating expenses; or (ii) USD 400,000,
in each case in accordance with the terms of the Management Agreement; and
(iii) thirdly, the Issuer shall procure that any excess cash is transferred to the Reserve Account.
If for any reason, funds on the Earnings Account are insufficient for the transfers to the Retention Account and the Operating Account as set out in (i) and (ii) above, such shortfall may be covered from the Reserve Account.
The Issuer shall be entitled to make payments from the Reserve Account to the Operating Account where (i) the funds on the Operating Account fall below the minimum amount of USD 400,000; or (ii) as otherwise required by the Rig Manager for the management of the Rig, in accordance with the terms of the Management Agreement.
All earnings received related to the Rig less (a) any amount sufficient to cover tax requirements, (b) budgeted operating expenses, (c) a minimum profit element to accommodate for minority shareholders which have become minority shareholders by local law requirements, and (d) any other amount that must be held within the Subsidiary (if applicable) for tax, operational or other regulatory expenses.
Application following an Event of Default which is continuing:
(i) firstly, the Issuer will indemnify the Trustee for all costs and expenses in respect of all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred by the Trustee during an Event of Default;
(ii) secondly, in or towards payment of all sums secured by the Security Documents or otherwise outstanding under the Finance Documents; and
(iii) finally, the balance, if any, shall be paid to the Issuer.
The Issuer shall open and maintain the following accounts with DNB Bank ASA or with first class international banks acceptable to the Trustee (the "Account Bank"):

Escrow Account:
Earnings Account: Operating Account: Retention Account: Reserve Account:

(i) the Escrow Account (in connection with the Settlement of the Bonds);
(ii) the Earnings Account;
(iii) the Operating Account;
(iv) the Retention Account; and
(v) the Reserve Account.
Subject to the Trustee's prior written approval, the Issuer may transfer amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer on any Account to another bank replacing the Account Bank for the purpose of facilitating a time deposit, provided that such new account is pledged, and blocked if relating to amounts credited to the Escrow Account or the Retention Account, in favor of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in a form and content satisfactory to the Trustee.
The Issuer shall prior to the issuance of the Bonds establish an escrow account and the net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred to the escrow account. The Escrow Account shall be pledged in favor of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and blocked. The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the Purpose of the Bond Issue.
Before release of funds from the Escrow Account takes place, all the PreDisbursement Conditions Precedent (as described below) relevant shall be complied with.
All earnings related to the Rig, including the Charter Rate/Net Charter Hire (as, and if, applicable) and any excess cash in a Subsidiary Earnings Account (if any) shall be paid directly to the Earnings Account, and shall only be used in accordance with the Application of Earnings. The Earnings Account shall be pledged on a first priority basis in favor of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), but not blocked unless there is an outstanding default.
The budgeted operating expenses and management expenses related to the Rig shall be deposited on the Operating Account in accordance with the Application of Earnings. The Operating Account shall be pledged on a first priority basis in favor of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), but not blocked unless there is an outstanding default.
The Retention Account shall be pledged on a first priority basis in favor of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and blocked in favor of the Trustee. Amounts standing on the Retention Account shall only be used to pay scheduled interest and amortizations under the Bonds.
All remaining earnings following the transfers under the Application of Earnings shall be transferred to the Reserve Account. The Reserve Account shall be pledged in favor of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) but not blocked unless there is an outstanding default, and amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Reserve Account may be utilized by the Issuer, in accordance with this Term Sheet, including, but not limited to, for the purpose of operating and keeping the Rig in repair, other working capital matters, to cover any shortfall under the cash waterfall described under the Application of Earnings and pay dividends in-line with restrictions set out in this Term Sheet. The amount standing on the Reserve Account less any Initial Dividend amount still standing on the Reserve Account, shall at all times be minimum USD 5 million.
The Initial Dividend payment of USD 5 million shall be deposited on the Reserve Account and may be paid to the shareholders within 2 years after the Settlement Date, and such amount shall not count towards the USD 5 million required for the Reserve Account.

Subsidiary Accounts: Conditions Precedent:

A Subsidiary (if any) which becomes a counterparty under the Total Charter Contract, or enters into a new Charter, shall open (i) an earnings account ("Subsidiary Earnings Account") and (ii) an operating account ("Subsidiary Operating Account") with an internationally recognized and acceptable bank. The Subsidiary Earnings Account and the Subsidiary Operating Account shall be pledged, if reasonably practical or legally possible, on a first priority basis in favor of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), but not blocked unless there is an outstanding default.
All earnings related to the Rig under such Charter shall be paid directly to the Subsidiary Earnings Account. From the Subsidiary Earnings Account, the Subsidiary shall (i) transfer an amount equal to its budgeted operating expenses to the Subsidiary Operating Account and pay such expenses out of such account, and (ii) transfer the Charter Rate/Net Charter Hire (as, and if, applicable) into the Issuer's Earnings Account which funds shall be subject to the Application of Earnings.
Pre-Settlement:
Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account will be subject to certain conditions precedent as customary for these types of transactions, including but not limited to:
(i) the Bond Agreement, duly executed;
(ii) an agreement between the Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees, duly executed;
(iii) corporate documents, necessary corporate resolutions and any necessary governmental approvals, consent or waivers (as the case may be) to issue the Bonds and execute the Bond Agreement, the Escrow Account Pledge and the Trustee´s fee letter;
(iv) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Trustee;
(v) the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Account Bank); and
(vi) the Project Documents, in acceptable form and duly executed.
Pre-Disbursement:
The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the Purpose of the Bond Issue and release from the Escrow Account shall be subject to certain conditions precedent as customary for these types of transactions, including but not limited to:
(vii) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer;
(viii) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue;
(ix) no (potential) Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;
(x) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Accounts (except the Escrow Account) and the Subsidiary Accounts (if any) are opened;
(xi) necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer and the Subsidiaries (if any) to execute the Security Documents (except the Escrow Account Pledge);
(xii) all relevant Security (except the Escrow Account Pledge which is being delivered Pre-Settlement, but including the Additional Security (if any)) duly

Issuer's Positive Covenants:

executed and perfected;
(xiii) any other document the Issuer and the Trustee agree to be a "Finance Document", in acceptable form and duly executed;
(xiv) satisfactory evidence that all insurances have been taken out;
(xv) customary documents and certificates related to the Rig, including but not limited to protocol of delivery and similar documents; and
(xvi) all legal opinions and insurance opinions received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee.
The Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of certain conditions precedent at its sole discretion, and may accept that delivery of the Security and release of existing security under the Natixis Facility be made according to a closing memo with the existing creditors.
Alternate Issuer Conditions Precedent:
The Issuer may assign all its rights and obligations under the Finance Documents to the Alternate Issuer, provided, the Alternate Issuer establishes security similar to the Issuer Security Documents (to the extent the Issuer Security Documents do not remain in full force and effect), and the Trustee consents to the release of the Issuer Security Documents. In addition, the Alternate Issuer shall provide any other relevant security required to give the Bondholders an equal security position as prior to the assignment, as solely determined by the Trustee.
The Issuer shall, inter alia:
(i) deliver on its own accord its annual audited and semi-annual interim unaudited reports, to the Trustee, as soon as they are made available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 90 days after the end of the relevant interim period;
(ii) upon request of the Trustee, arrange for the Trustee, and/or any person appointed by the Trustee, to undertake a technical inspection of the Rig without interference of the daily operation of the Rig and at the expense of the Issuer, (however limited to one yearly inspection at the (reasonable) expense of the Issuer unless an Event of Default has occurred);
(iii) except for "best endeavors" obligations and the feasibility of procuring the creation of the Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents as set forth herein, maintain the Security Documents in good condition and that each such Security Document remains duly created, enforceable and perfected on first priority, at the expense of the Issuer, or the relative security provider (as the case may be);
(iv) procure that the Rig Manager operates the Rig in accordance with good industry standards and in accordance with its obligations under the relevant Management Agreement(s) and in compliance with the terms hereof and the Security Documents;
(v) maintain a 100% ownership interest (save for any minority ownership interest necessary for operations under any legal framework where the Rig is chartered) and control over each Subsidiary (if any);
(vi) ensure that any Charter it enters into, and procure that any Charter entered into by a Subsidiary (if any), is based on generally accepted international industry standards not incurring any potential liability for the Issuer or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, directly or indirectly other than what is normal in the industry for operation of such rigs;

Issuer's Negative Covenants:

(vii) enter into a Charter with a Subsidiary (if any), if such Subsidiary enters into a new Charter, and the Charter with a Subsidiary (if any) shall be on market terms and shall provide for a charter rate at least sufficient to cover debt service under the Bond Issue as well as management and operation expenses in accordance with the Application of Earnings (the "Charter Rate"). If the Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents are not delivered to the Trustee, the Charter Rate shall equal the Net Charter Hire;
(viii) remain a single purpose company with a sole purpose of owning, operating, maintaining the Rig unless approved by the Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting;
(ix) maintain 100% direct ownership of the Rig except as set out under Additional Security above, or otherwise as approved by the Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting;
(x) ensure that all loans to the Issuer (or any Subsidiary of the Issuer) from any of the Issuer's shareholders or any other third party shall be fully subordinated to the Bonds, with maturity after the Final Maturity Date and with no cash pay interest;
(xi) perform and observe all of its covenants and agreements contained in any of the Project Documents to which it is or becomes a party, take all necessary action to prevent the termination of any such Project Documents in accordance with the terms thereof or otherwise, and take any and all commercially reasonable action as may be reasonably necessary to promptly enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under the Project Documents;
(xii) comply with the Application of Earnings as set out herein; and
(xiii) if required in its sole discretion, assign rights and obligations under the Total Charter Contract to a Subsidiary (if any); provided, that, the Issuer and such Subsidiary enter into a Charter.
The Trustee may and shall upon request distribute such abovementioned reports referred to in (i) above to the Bondholders.
The Issuer shall not, without the approval of the Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting:
(i) declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer), or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders other than (a) the Initial Dividend and repayment of the Existing Shareholder Loan or (b) if the Asset Cover Ratio immediately subsequent to such transactions is equal to or higher than 167% and remaining Charter backlog (excluding options) is above 12 months. Any dividend payment or distribution according to (b) above may not exceed 50% of the Issuer's consolidated net profit after taxes based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year. Any un-utilized portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not be carried forward to any subsequent financial year;
(ii) amend its constitutional documents (including change of domicile) unless related to (i) to a re-domiciliation as set out in Additional Security above or (ii) the issuance of new shares to the shareholders in connection with conversion of debt to equity or otherwise, provided that such shares are subject to the Share Pledge;
(iii) cease to carry on its business or change the nature of its business unless related to a re-domiciliation as set out in Additional Security above;

Financial Covenants:

(iv) de-merge, merge or in any other way restructure its business; provided, incorporating Subsidiaries shall not require the approval of the Trustee as long as the shares of such Subsidiaries are subject to the Issuer Share Pledge and such Subsidiary provides a Guarantee;
(v) in respect of any Project Document (i) dispose of (by operation of law or otherwise) any part of its interest, (ii) amend, supplement, modify or give any consent under any Project Document or exercise any material option thereunder, except for amendments not having any material negative impact on the value of the Rig or value of the relevant Charter as contemplated pursuant to the Project Documents, or (iii) agree to the cancellation or termination of any Project Document or take any legal or administrative action that seeks to rescind or terminate such Project Documents, except in the event that it constitutes a substitution of the said Project Document which is acceptable to the Trustee;
(vi) change the flag state of the Rig;
(vii) agree to or permit the assignment of any rights or the delegation of any obligations under the Project Documents, save to the extent already permitted herein or by the terms of the Project Documents;
(viii) incur or permit to remain outstanding any additional Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than (i) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue, (ii) any subordinated loans and (iii) any intercompany loans;
(ix) create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for (i) any security contemplated by the Bond Issue, and (ii) any security arising by operation of law;
(x) enter into any sale- and leaseback transactions;
(xi) grant any financial support such as loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any party, except for (i) guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business and (ii) any financial support contemplated by this Bond Agreement, and (iii) any intercompany loans;
(xii) make any investments or capital expenditures, other than solely related to the ownership in and operation of the Rig and for any investments (being part of a program or as separate investment exceeding USD 5 million) in any case subject to the Trustee's prior written approval (on behalf of the Bondholders);
(xiii) engage directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service) unless on arm's length terms and for fair market value; and
(xiv) enter into any contracts in North Korean, Iranian territorial waters or any other jurisdictions/organizations which is prohibited by the US Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC), or move the Rig into any of those areas.
The Issuer shall procure compliance to the negative covenants set out in (ii) ­ (v) and (viii) ­ (xiv) by any Subsidiary. The Bond Agreement shall include other vessel covenants and standard covenants as customary in the Norwegian high-yield bond market.
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants during the term of the Bonds:
(i) Asset Cover Ratio: The Market Value of the Rig shall exceed 120% of the

Definitions:
Rig Covenants: Maintenance and Insurances:
Mandatory Prepayment:

amount of outstanding Bonds; and
(ii) Liquidity: The Issuer shall ensure that the amount standing on the Reserve Account less any Initial Dividend amount still standing on the Reserve Account, shall at all times be a minimum of USD 5 million.
The Financial Covenants shall be tested on a quarterly basis. In the event of any breach of (ii) above, the Issuer shall immediately give notice to the Trustee, and the Issuer shall have the right to remedy the non-compliance within 30 banking days after the date of sending such notice or after the date on which such notice should have been sent. Remedy shall be made by providing the required funds through equity or subordinated loans to the Issuer (on terms acceptable to the Trustee) which shall be deposited (for the required period, which in any event shall not expire prior to the next reporting date of the Financial Covenants) on a separate account to be pledged but not blocked to the Trustee and where the account bank has waived its set-off rights. If the Issuer has remedied the non-compliance of (ii) above within said 30 banking days, no Event of Default shall have occurred.
Asset Coverage Ratio means the Market Value of the Rig relative to outstanding Bonds under the Bond Agreement.
Market Value means the fair market value of the Rig determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the vessel obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Rig appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer. The valuation shall be made at least semi-annually, or following an Event of Default, upon the request of the Trustee.
Standard rig covenants: (i) maintenance of insurances (see below), (ii) maintenance of class and allow the Trustee to inspect the Rig if requested; (iii) no change of flag, name and registry unless approved by the Trustee, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, always provided that such approval will not be required if a change is required and permitted pursuant to the Project Documents and the Security Documents are not impaired; (iv) the Rig to be kept in a good and safe condition and repairs are consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards; and (v) operation in accordance with laws and regulations.
The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Rig and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, hereunder to retain the Rig in class. During operation of the Rig, the Issuer shall ensure that the Rig Manager runs proper maintenance of the Rig. The Rig shall also be adequately insured (including war risk) against Hull & Machinery/Hull Interest risks at least 120% of the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents, and a third party liability insurance as per industry standards, as well as any additional insurance required under any other contracts.
The Issuer shall keep a Mortgagee Interest Insurance or similar insurance.
The insurances and Loss Payee Clause shall be in accordance with the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan or other insurances with at least similar terms.
Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event (other than a Total Loss Event) occurring the Issuer shall, on or about the day the Issuer receives the proceeds following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, redeem the Bonds in an amount equal to the then aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Bonds:
i. if occurring anytime from the Settlement Date to, but not including, the interest payment day 1 year after the Settlement Date, at a price equal to 108.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

ii. if occurring anytime from and including the interest payment day 1 year after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the interest payment day occurring 2 years after the Settlement Date, at a price equal to 106.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

iii. if occurring anytime from and including the interest payment day 2 years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the interest payment day occurring 3 years after the Settlement Date, at a price equal to 105.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

iv. if occurring anytime from and included the interest payment day 3 years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the interest payment day occurring 4 years after the Settlement Date, at a price equal to 103% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

v. if occurring anytime from and including the interest payment day 4 years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date, at a price equal to 101.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date the repayment is carried out.

Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall as soon as the insurance proceeds are available redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

If the Bonds are redeemed in full according to this Mandatory Prepayment clause, the entire amount on the Accounts and the Subsidiary Accounts (if any) may be used as part payment in relation to the Mandatory Prepayment.

Mandatory Prepayment Event:

If (a) the Rig is sold or disposed of, or (b) there is an actual or constructive total loss of a Rig (a "Total Loss Event").

Event of Default:

The Bond Agreement shall include standard remedy and event of default provisions. An Event of Default occurs if any default under the Bond Agreement is not remedied within the relevant remedy period. The Finance Documents will contain waterfall provisions in case of partial payments i.e. first to cover costs, fees and expenses of the Trustee (the "Trustee Expenses") and thereafter any other outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents. In case the Issuer does not pay the Trustee for incurred fees, then the Trustee may seek funding of the Trustee Expenses from the Bondholders or, failing them, other sources, in which case such other sources will be subrogated into the position of the Trustee, but subordinate to any further Trustee expenses.

Material Adverse Effect:

Means a material adverse effect on: (a) the financial condition or operations of the Issuer, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents and the Project Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of any Finance Document.

Financial Indebtedness:

Means any indebtedness incurred in respect of: moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit); any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument; the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease; receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a nonrecourse basis); any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP; the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset; any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without

limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account); any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement); any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions; and (without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to above.

GAAP:

Generally accepted accounting principles.

Change of Control clause:

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (Put Option) of the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 calendar days following the notice of a Change of Control Event.

Change of Control Event:

A Change of Control Event occurs if any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3) save for (i) BassDrill Ltd. or (ii) any holding company, owned directly or indirectly, by the shareholders (provided that only BassDrill Ltd. may own more than 50% of the outstanding voting shares therein), becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding voting shares of the Issuer.

Project Documents:

Means: (i) the Total Charter Contract and any other Charter; and (ii) the Management Agreement(s).

Finance Documents:

Means: (iii) the Bond Agreement; (iv) the Security Documents; (v) the Trustee's fee letter; and (vi) any other document the Issuer and the Trustee agree to be a Finance
Document.

Approvals:

The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer's board approval dated 28 May 2013.

Issuer's ownership of Bonds:

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Managers:

DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, NO-0191 Oslo, Norway, and Swedbank First Securities, Filipstad Brygge 1, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway.

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo.

Governing Law:

Norwegian.

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the Bondholders through VPS.

Paying Agent:

DNB Bank ASA.

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the issuance of the Bonds or the Security Documents, but not in respect of trading of the Bonds in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and the Issuer shall deduct before payment to the Bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

Bond Agreement:
Stock Exchange listing: Market making: Eligible purchasers: Transfer restrictions:

The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the Bondholders' representative, and it shall be based on the Norwegian standard. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail. The Bond Agreement shall include provisions where upon an Event of Default, repayment of the principal amount during the first three (3) years after the Settlement Date, shall be equal to the Mandatory Prepayment provided for above, and thereafter shall be equal to the Call Options provided for above.
The subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents. Although minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur, the provisions in the Bond Agreement will be substantially consistent with those set forth in this Term Sheet.
The application form specifically authorises the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective Bondholders, who will execute and deliver such application form prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become bound by the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become bound by the Bond Agreement upon completed transfers having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.
The Managers have appointed external counsel to draft and/or review the Finance Documents. Upon appointment of the Trustee the external counsel will be acting upon instruction of the Trustee.
An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on Oslo ABM (the Oslo Stock Exchange's Alternative Bond Market).
No market-maker agreement has been made for this Bond Issue.
The Bonds shall only be offered to non-"U.S. persons" in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of Rule 902 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act") except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act. In addition to the application form that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada. The Bond Agreement will contain customary terms and provisions for a U.S. Rule 144A or Regulation S placement.
The Bondholders will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) an offshore transaction in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, including, in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act, including Rule 144 there under (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

Subject to:

The Bond Issue shall be subject to approval of the loan documentation by the Issuer's board and the Trustee.

Oslo, 19 June 2013

DNB Markets

BassDrill Alpha Ltd.

As Issuer As Managers

Swedbank First Securities

