Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Addendum 3 nd Tranche

1. Pursuant to the agreement related to the bond issue mentioned below (the "Loan Agreement"), the Borrower and the Loan Trustee have entered into the following addendum (the "Addendum") as regards the issuing of an additional tranche under the Loan:

Borrower: Loan Trustee: ISIN: Maximum amount:
The Loan is an open issue up to: The Loan is increased with: Amount under the Loan issued after the increase: Date of Addendum: Disbursement Date:

Sevan Marine ASA Norsk Tillitsmann ASA NO 001 050776.7 $ 85,606,932 (U.S. Dollars eighty five million sux hundred and six thousand nine hundred and thirthy two) Five Banking Days prior to 22.04.2013 $ 24,000,000 (U.S. Dollars twenty four million) $ 48,000,000 (U.S. Dollars fourty eight million)
08.06.2009 10.06.2009

2. Words and expressions in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement and the Addendum shall be read and understood as a whole.

3. Pursuant to of the Loan Agreement the provisions of the Loan Agreement will apply to any subsequent tranches issued under the open issue and the rights and obligations of all parties apply also for later issues made within the maximum amount under the Loan.

4. Disbursement of the second Tranche o f the Loan are subject to the Loan Trustee having received the documents set out in o f the Loan Agreement, and the Loan Trustee assumes that said documents and representations and warranties, still are valid, binding and correct as if they were submitted at the Date of Disbursement of the second Tranche. If any changes have occurred in the relevant documents, including Articles of Association, certificate of registration, authorisations and other documents, the Borrower undertakes, on its own initiative, to forward in reasonable time before Disbursement Date updated documents. The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents.

5. The Borrower represents and warrants that as of the date of this Addendum that (i) no Event of Default occurs or would occur as a result of the making of such tap issue, (ii) the documents earlier received by the Loan Trustee, ref. Clause 6.1 in the Loan Agreement, are still valid, (iii) the representations and warranties contained in Clause 7.1 in the Loan Agreement being time and correct and repeated by the Borrower, and (iv) that such tap issue is in compliance with laws and regulations as of tlipTilne of such tap issue.

i
The Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Addendum 3 nd Tranche

Pursuant to the agreement related to the bond issue mentioned below (the "Loan Agreement"), the Borrower and the Loan Trustee have entered into the following addendum (the "Addendum") as regards the issuing of an additional tranche under the Loan:

Borrower: Loan Trustee: ISIN: Maximum amount:
The Loan is an open issue up to: The Loan is increased with: Amount under the Loan issued after the increase: Date of Addendum: Disbursement Date:

Sevan Marine ASA Norsk Tillitsmann ASA NO 001 050776.7 $ 85,606,932 (U.S. Dollars eighty five million sux hundred and six thousand nine hundred and thirdly two) Five Banking Days prior to 22.04.2013 $ 24,000,000 (U.S. Dollars twenty four million) $ 48,000,000 (U.S. Dollars fourty eight million)
08.06.2009 10.06.2009

Words and expressions in this Addendum shall have the same meaning as under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement and the Addendum shall be read and understood as a whole.

Pursuant to of the Loan Agreement the provisions of the Loan Agreement will apply to any subsequent tranches issued under the open issue and the rights and obligations of all parties apply also for later issues made within the maximum amount under the Loan.

Disbursement of the second Tranche of the Loan are subject to the Loan Trustee having received the documents set out in of the Loan Agreement, and the Loan Trustee assumes that said documents and representations and warranties, still are valid, binding and correct as if they were submitted at the Date of Disbursement of the second Tranche. If any changes have occurred in the relevant documents, including Ar ticles of Association, certificate of registration, authorisations and other documents, the Borrower undertakes, on its own initiative, to forward in reasonable time before Disbursement Date updated documents. The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents.

The Borrower represents and warrants that as of the date of this Addendum that (i) no Event of Default occurs or would occur as a result of the making of such tap issue, (ii) the documents earlier received by the Loan Trustee, ref. Clause 6.1 in the Loan Agreement, are still valid, (iii) the representations and warranties contained in Clause 7.1 in the Loan Agreement being true and correct and repeated by the Borrower, and (iv) that such tap issue is in compliance with laws and regulations as of thedjime of such tap issue.

The Borrower/

