NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www. trustee.no To the bondholders in:
- ISIN NO 001 039578.3 - 10.85% PetroMena ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2010
Oslo, 19 January 2010
Proposal to Authorise Funding for Liquidator Appointed to PetroMena ASA - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. BACKGROUND
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM"/"Norsk Tillitsmann") acts as trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") of bonds (the "10.85% Bonds") in the above mentioned loan with ISIN NO 001 039578.3 where PetroMena ASA is the borrower (the "Borrower").
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the loan agreement related to the 10.85% Bonds (the "10.85% Bond Loan Agreement") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
SS Petrolia Rig
As Bondholders will be aware, on 3 April 2009 NTM declared various Events of Default under the 10.85% Bond Loan Agreement and declared the 10.85% Bonds to be immediately due and payable. Subsequent to this, NTM has sought to take steps to enforce the Bondholders' rights in respect of the Bonds, including in relation to the SS Petrolia Rig which is owned by PetroMena Limited ("PML").
The Petrolia Rig is currently on contract with Pemex. Under the terms of the contractual arrangements relating to the Petrolia Rig, PML has entered into a management agreement (the "Management Agreement") with Larsen Oil & Gas Limited ("LOG"). LOG has, in turn, entered into a charter contract (via its nominee) with Pemex. Under the terms of the Management Agreement, LOG is obliged to pay the net earnings from the Pemex charter contract (i.e. following deduction of certain operating expenses) to PML (the "Net Earnings"). NTM has the benefit of an assignment of these Net Earnings (the "Assignment").
Since February 2009, LOG has failed to pay over the Net Earnings to PML, as it is contractually obliged to do so. NTM has therefore exercised its rights under the Assignment and has brought litigation before the Norwegian and Scottish courts in order to recover the Net Earnings from LOG. NTM has also requested PML to take steps to pursue its legal rights against LOG. However, to date, PML has failed to take any such actions. It is proposed that the fees, costs and expenses incurred in pursuing rights against LOG are covered by the funding arrangements described in Section 2.
Singapore Litigation
Litigation has been commenced before the Singapore courts in respect of an ownership dispute relating to certain items of equipment (the "Equipment") which were on board Rig I, prior to its sale (the "Singapore Litigation"). Three entities, Larsen Oil & Gas Pte Ltd, Petrolia Drilling and C.O.R International LTD (Dubai) each assert title to certain of this Equipment. PetroRig I Pte Ltd claims that it has title to all the Equipment. The Equipment is currently being stored by Jurong at warehouses in Singapore. Jurong is seeking a declaration from the Singapore court as to the rightful owner of the Equipment so that it can deliver the Equipment to the correct entity.
It is estimated that the Equipment could be worth in the region of US$ 30,000,000.

M A ILIN G ADDRESS · P .O .B O X I4 7 O V IK A , N -O Il6 O SLO

LO CATIO N ® HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO , NORWAY

phone ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 lorg.nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail ® mail@trustee.no

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA www.mistce.no
The Liquidator (as defined below) is considering whether it should join these proceedings either to assert title to the Equipment itself or to assist PetroRig I with its claim. The Liquidator (as defined below) is taking legal advice from Singapore counsel on its potential involvement in the Singapore Litigation. It is proposed that the fees, costs and expenses incurred in pursuing the Singapore Litigation are covered by the funding arrangements described in Section 2.
Bankruptcy of PetroMena ASA
As Bondholders are aware, NTM filed for the bankruptcy of the Borrower and a liquidator was appointed to the Borrower on 21 December 2009 (the "Liquidator"). Since that time, NTM and its advisers have been in discussions with the Liquidator about the actions that the Borrower (via the Liquidator) should be taking to maximise recoveries for creditors.
These actions potentially include (i) exercising the Borrower's rights as 100% shareholder of PML to take control of the board of PML - PML would then be in a position to pursue its rights against LOG in respect of the Net Earnings; and (ii) becoming party to the Singapore Litigation in order to protect the Borrower's interests in relation to the equipment which is the subject of that action.
Since the Borrower is a holding company, it has very limited unencumbered assets and the Liquidator does not currently have access to funds to enable it to pursue the actions referred to above. It is therefore proposed that NTM be authorised to make a loan to the Borrower (via the Liquidator), using proceeds from the 10.85% Bonds, on the terms set out in this Summons. NTM currently holds US$ 2,946,691 in relation to the 10.85%o Bonds, which derive from the proceedings in Norway and Scotland referred to above.
2. LIQUIDATION FUNDING
It is proposed that the Borrower is put in funds from 10.85% Bond proceeds to pursue actions aimed at maximising recoveries for the 10.85% Bondholders. The 10.85% Bondholders are therefore asked to authorise NTM to provide two loans ("Loan A" and "Loan B" respectively and together the "Loans") to the Borrower (via the Liquidator) on the following terms:
Loan A
(a) Loan A shall be in a maximum aggregate principal amount of NOK 1,500,000 (approx. USD 270,000 as at current exchange rates).
(b) Loan A will be provided by NTM using the 10.85% Bond proceeds it is currently holding.
(c) The Loan A funding agreement shall provide that the Borrower/Liquidator may request funding to cover amounts incurred or anticipated to be incurred by them, in accordance with the terms set out below:
(i) Loan A shall not accrue interest.
(ii) Loan A will be repayable as a priority expense out of the unsecured assets of the Borrower's estate, after the estate has made payment of necessary costs incurred in connection with administering the bankruptcy estate
(iii) Loan A may only be utilised by the Borrower for general administration of the bankruptcy estate, including to (a) pay the Liquidator's own reasonable fees and expenses, incurred in connection therewith and (b) to pay the reasonable legal fees incurred by the Borrower/Liquidator in connection therewith.
2

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA www.triisfec.no
Loan B
(a) Subject as set out in paragraph (c)(vii) below, Loan B shall be in a maximum aggregate principal amount of NOK 1,300,000 (approx. USD 230,000 at current exchange rates).
(b) Loan B will be provided by NTM using the 10.85% Bond proceeds it is currently holding.
(c) The Loan B funding agreement shall provide that the Borrower/Liquidator may request funding to cover amounts incurred or anticipated to be incurred by them, in accordance with the terms set out below.
(i) Loan B shall accrue interest at 12% per annum.
(ii) Loan B will be repayable as a priority expense out of the unsecured assets of the Borrower's estate, after the estate has made payment of necessary costs incurred in connection with administering the bankruptcy estate.
(iii) Loan B may only be utilised by the Borrower for certain permitted actions (the "Permitted Actions"), as follows, and provided such actions have been authorised in writing by NTM: (a) obtaining books and records and other information (b) becoming party to the Singapore Litigation and pursuing the Borrower's rights and interests in connection therewith (c) obtaining control of PML and enforcing PML's rights against LOG under the Management Agreement and otherwise in connection with the SS Petrolia Rig; (d) conducting an accounting review in relation to payments made to and by LOG; and (e) appointing an inspector to conduct an inspection of the Petrolia Rig. Permitted Actions would not include pursuing any litigation, action or claim which would be detrimental to the interests of the 10.85 Bondholders.
(iv) Loan B may be used by the Liquidator to (a) pay their own reasonable fees, incurred in connection with the Permitted Actions, up to a maximum amount of US$50,000 per month and (b) to pay the reasonable legal fees incurred by the Borrower/Liquidator in connection with the Permitted Actions,
(v) The Loan B facility may be terminated by NTM at any time, provided that the Borrower and Liquidator shall be entitled to recover an amount equal to any fees, costs and expenses incurred but unpaid by the Borrower and Liquidator as at the date of termination (subject to the conditions set out in paragraphs (iii) - (iv) above).
(vi) The Liquidator will be required to provide a monthly budget forecast for anticipated fees and will be required to provide evidence of costs incurred before being entitled to draw down under Loan B.
(vii) The aggregate amount of the Loan B facility may exceed NOK1,300,000 if the Liquidator is required to pay third party legal costs or court fees as a direct result of a Permitted Action taken by the Liquidator.
(vii) The Liquidator will be required to provide information and updates to NTM and its advisers (Bingham, AMA and BAHR) on request in relation to the bankruptcy and actions taken by the Borrower.
3. INDICATIVE SUPPORT FROM BONDHOLDERS
Holders of approximately 75% of the 10.85% Bonds have indicated that they will vote in favour of this proposal.
3

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA www.tnislee.no
4. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS ' MEETINGS
Bondholders' meetings in the 10.85% Bond Loan are summoned:
Time: 27 January 2010 at 2 pm (Oslo Time) (1 pm London Time) Place: the premises of NTM, Haakon VII's gate 1, Oslo (Norway)
Agenda:
Pursuant to the 10.85% Bond Loan Agreement, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from NTM.
1. Approval of summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Consent to certain proposals:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting in relation to the 10.85% Bond Loan referred to in the heading to this meeting summons to resolve the following resolutions:
Norsk Tillitsmann is authorised and instructed to:
(a) use 10.85% Bond proceeds to make the Loans on the terms provided for in this Summons; and
(b) enter into a Loan agreement in respect of Loan A and Loan B to give effect to the terms set out in this Summons, provided that the form of Loan agreement shall be subject to approval by Bingham and BAHR.
According to the 10.85% Bond Loan Agreement, the above mentioned proposals require a qualified majority of 2/3 of the 10.85% Bond Loan represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favour of such proposals and a minimum 5/10 of the outstanding bonds being represented at the meeting for the 10.85% Bond Loan. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the present date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the 10.85% Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the 10.85% Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the 10.85% Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the 10.85% Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the 10.85% Bonds are registered).
The individual Bondholder may authorise NTM to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising NTM to vote, must then be returned to NTM in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that the 10.85% Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the NTM accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the 10.85% Bonds.
4

NORSIC TIL L IT SM A N N ASA www.mi.sfoo.no
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to NTM, to notify NTM by telephone or by e-mail (as set out at the first page of this letter) by 17.00 hours Oslo time (16.00 hours London time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Enclosure: - VPS statement/Power of attorney form.
5

