ISIN: NO 001 035738.7
Amendment, Restatement and Release Agreement to
the Loan Agreement between
Nexus 1 Private Limited ("Borrower") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Loan Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 10.5 per cent Nexus 1 Private Limited Callable Bond Issue
2007/2012

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
This amendment, restatement and release agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated 12 November 2009 between Nexus Floating Production, Ltd. (Singapore Company No. 200606577R) (the "New Borrower"), Nexus 1 Private Limited (Singapore Company No. 200703342H) (the "Old Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian Company No. 963 342 624) (the "Loan Trustee"),
(each of the New Borrower, the Old Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA are hereinafter individually referred to as a "Party" and collectively referred to as the "Parties").
1. Interpretation
In this Agreement:
"Amended Loan Agreement" means the Original Loan Agreement, as amended and restated by this Amendment Agreement in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Amended Loan Agreement).
"Original Loan Agreement" means the Loan Agreement 10.50 per cent Nexus 1 Private Limited Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012 -IS IN 001 035738.7 dated 6 March 2007.
2. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement
This Amendment Agreement comprises amendments to, and releases from, the Original Loan Agreement, as agreed between the Loan Trustee, the Bondholders, the New Borrower and the Old Borrower, based on resolutions adopted at the Bondholders' meeting held on 11 November 2009 (the "Bondholders' Meeting"). The Bondholders' Meeting was held pursuant to a restructuring proposal set out in the summons issued to the Bondholders on 3 November 2009 (the "Summons").
3. Amendments to the Original Loan Agreement
The Parties agree that, with effect from the Commencement Date (as defined below), the Original Loan Agreement will be amended and restated in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Amended Loan Agreement) and the New Borrower will assume all obligations as Borrower under the Amended Loan Agreement.
In consideration of the New Borrower agreeing to become and becoming the Borrower under the terms of the Amended Loan Agreement, with effect from the Commencement Date, the Loan Trustee agrees to:
i. release the New Borrower from all of its obligations as Guarantor under the terms of the Original Loan Agreement; and
ii. release the Old Borrower from all of its obligations as Borrower under the terms of the Original Loan Agreement.
2

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
4. Releases
With effect from the Commencement Date, the Loan Trustee for and on behalf the Bondholders hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:
(i) Releases its right title and interest in and to the Loan Security (as defined in the Original Loan Agreement).
(ii) Agrees that the Loan Security and any documents evidencing the Loan Security (in particular, any future assignment, transfer, pledge or charges contemplated therein) (the "Loan Security Documents") are terminated.
(iii) Releases the New Borrower and the Old Borrower from all present and future obligations and liabilities (both actual and contingent and whether as primary obligor or as surety in any capacity whatsoever) to the Loan Trustee under the Loan Security Documents to which it is a party in respect of the Loan Security under the Loan Security Documents.
(iv) Agrees with the New Borrower and the Old Borrower that the intercreditor agreement entered into between, inter alia, the Parties in connection with the rights attaching to the Loan Security (the "Intercreditor Agreement") is hereby terminated, and all rights and claims of the Parties under the Intercreditor Agreement are hereby released.
The Parties will (in connection with the Loan Security, at the cost and expense of the Acquiror (as defined in the Summons)) take whatever action is reasonably requested by the Acquiror (as defined in the Summons) or the Loan Trustee which is necessary to give effect to this Clause 4 under applicable law including, without limitation, entering into such instruments as are necessary under the laws governing the relevant Loan Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement to register or perfect the releases referred to herein, provided that the Loan Trustee shall not assume any obligation, commitment or liability thereunder.
5. Conditions Precedent
It is a condition precedent for this Amendment Agreement to become effective that all of the matters, documents and other evidence listed in Schedule 1 (Conditions Precedent) have been satisfied by 15 November 2009 or such later date (being no later than 30 November 2009) as the Loan Trustee may agree to (the "Commencement Date").
6. Governing Law, Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Amendment Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law and all disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singaporean and Norwegian courts.
Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
3
V

NORSK TILUTSMANN ASA
This Amendment Agreement has been executed in --3 - three - copies (originals), of which the New Borrower, the Old Borrower and the Loan Trustee shall keep one each.
V

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
SCHEDULE 1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT a. Receipt by the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) of the Second Lien Bonds Settlement Amount (as defined in the Summons) in cleared cash funds without set-off or counterclaim; b. the payment by the Borrower (or by the Acquiror (as defined in the Summons)) in full of the fees of the Loan Trustee (including AMA Capital Partners LLC and Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP) as contemplated by the Asset Purchase Agreement (as defined in the Summons); and c. the requisite majority (2/3) of the Convertible Bondholders consenting to the Proposal for the Convertible Bonds (each as defined in the Summons).
5
L

SCHEDULE 2 AMENDED LOAN AGREEMENT

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

6
V

