NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.trustee.no
To the bondholders in:

ISIN NO 001 039791.2

FRN Hansa Property Group ASA Callable Bond Issue 2007/2010

Oslo, 5. February 2009

Hansa Property Group ASA - Non-compliance with the financial covenants in the Loan Agreement

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NT") is appointed as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee") for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Loan") where Hansa Property Group ASA (the "Borrower" or the "Company") is the borrower. All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the agreement of the Loan (the "Loan Agreement").
The Loan Trustee hereby informs the Bondholders that the Borrower, according to the interim report of third quarter of 2008, is not in compliance with its financial covenants in the Loan Agreement relating to the required "Equity Ratio" and the "Total Debt to Market Value", cf. clause 13.2.
The Borrower has started to prepare a financial restructuring of Hansa Property Group as further described by the Borrower in an appendix to this letter. At present, the Loan Trustee has considered it to be in the best interest of the Bondholders to await the on-going work with the financial restructuring before other measures toward the Borrower are considered.
The Loan Trustee has been informed that the next Interest Payment Date (i.e. 19 February 2009) will be paid in accordance with the Loan Agreement.
It will be a call for a Bondholders meeting as soon as possible, probably at the end of February or at the beginning of March.
For more detailed information, please contact Hansa Property Group ASA + 22 41 73 70.

Yours sincerely rsk Tillitsmann ASA
Ui
Camilla Wollan

Appendix: Letter to the bondholders from Hans Group Property ASA

M AILING ADDRESS  P.O .BO X I47O VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LOCATION  HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone  +47 22 87 94 00 fax  +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr  no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail  m ail@ trustee.no

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA v/ Camilla Wollan
pr. e-post wollan@trustee.no

Dato: 5 februar 2009

Hansa Property Group AS ("HPRO") - Information to the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bond Holders
With reference to the presentation sent December 16th 2008, as well as subsequent meetings and conversations.
In light of the current difficulties in the property and finance markets, HPRO is undergoing a restructuring process that involves all owners and creditors. As seen from the presentation of December 16th, the technical value of an HPRO-share is NOK18 after likely impairments. HPRPOs Board and Administration have, based on the difficult market conditions, implemented a range of measures to restructure the Corporation into a viable property development company, with the funds to run to Q3 2011 also in the face of a continuing dark market situation.
The process involves a range of measures including cost savings by ending management agreements, negotiations with the previous owners of the Stavanger portfolio - who have contractual outstanding claims, negotiations with D11B Nor and other bank relations about restructuring debts, installment payments on hold, change of conditions/covenants, change of schedules and margins.
HPRO has informed the Loan Trustee of the process so far. As the ongoing negotiations described above conclude, HPRO will approach the Bond Holders with a proposal to change the current contract. HPRO is also in a continuous process to sell parts of the property portfolio or contract partners. Unfortunately current market conditions make this hard.
Signals received through the ongoing negotiations are positive - it is our perception that our creditors are willing to look for the best possible solutions for HPRO.
Additionally the Company is working on a new equity issue: HPRO has signed a mandate agreement with Pareto and Enskilda for provision of sufficient capital for interest payments and operation until Q3 2011. This is done in close collaboration with our larger shareholders.

Storlingsgaten 2 0158 Oslo

Postboks 488 Sentrum 0105 Oslo

borstickenllPRO org.nr.: 991 349 677

www.hansaproperty.no hansa@hansaproperty.no

HPRO has set as condition that the execution of the rights issue and the negotiations described satisfy the needs identified to operate for a long enough period of time even if market conditions stay bleak. A prerequisite for investors to shoot in fresh capital is that acceptable agreements are reached with creditors as regards installments on hold, loan schedules, covenants and margins. It is thus set as a condition that fresh capital is not used to serve existing debts. The creditors has set as condition for their contribution that HPRO finds fresh capital. The process result is therefore expected to be adopted on all levels simultaneously.
We expect to conclude negotiations with previous owners in Stavanger and main bank connection before February 20th. An application will be sent the Bond Holders as the particulars of these agreements are finalized. Our objective is to have the rights issue executed by Easter, and that all agreements with creditors are implemented in the same timeframe.
Best Regards Group AS
pt@hansaproperty.nc

