NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in the 13 per cent Global Rig Company ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2015 (ISIN NO 001 0614217)
Oslo, 10 December 2013

SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING - REQUEST FOR WAIVER
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the bondholders of the bonds (the "Bonds") in the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bond Issue") where Global Rig Company ASA (the "Issuer") is the issuer.
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 8 June 2011 and made between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

1

BACKGROUND

The Issuer has currently six land based oil and gas rigs in operation spread across the Permian Basin across West Texas and South-eastern New Mexico in the US, all of which are operating at a very high utilization rate. In order to strengthen the Issuer's operations and to provide a greater platform for management to operate from, the Issuer believes that it is necessary to acquire additional rigs. To this end, the Issuer has negotiated a conditional purchase agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") with National Oilwell Varco, L.P. ("NOV") regarding delivery of three AC Ideal Rig Equipment Packages (the "New Rigs") from NOV (the "Conditional Purchase Agreement"). Upon entering into of the Conditional Purchase Agreement, the Issuer will pay non-refundable deposit in the amount of USD 2,000,000 (the "Deposit"), and which, if the Issuer takes delivery of the New Rigs, will be set-off against the purchase price for the New Rigs.

The Issuer believes that entering into the Conditional Purchase Agreement is commercially beneficial to the Issuer, its shareholders and its creditors, as it will allow the Issuer to potentially increase cash flows and generate profits to the Issuer as well as providing for a more solid operational platform for the Issuer. However, as the Conditional Purchase Agreement will be viewed as an investment under the Bond Agreement, the Issuer will only be able to complete such a project if it complies with the covenants set out in Clause 13.4 (j) of the Bond Agreement, pursuant to which investments can only be undertaken so long as at least 40% is financed by new equity. Furthermore, the Issuer is not allowed to utilize any of its cash flow generated from operations of its current rigs for other purposes than those set out in Clause 13.6. Said covenants were originally designed to limit the incurrence of near term capital expenditures that could limit the Issuer's debt service ability, and not intended to restrict the Issuer from making sound business decisions that it has sufficient funding to support. As

Page 1 of 3
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.tmstee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
the case is, the Issuer had a cash position as of November 1, 2013 of USD 17.8 million, and will following the 15 December 2013 Payment Date have a projected cash position of approximately USD 12 million. The last reported Market Value of the Rigs (as defined in the Bond Agreement) was USD 130.5 million (as of June 10, 2013).

On this basis, the Issuer wishes to request that the Bondholders' Meeting waives the restrictions set out in Clauses 13.4 (j) and 13.6 of the Bond Agreement to allow the Issuer to enter into the Conditional Purchase Agreement. No changes will be made to the other covenants set out in the Bond Agreement, and the Issuer will only take delivery of and pay the balance of the purchase price for the New Rigs in compliance with the terms of the Bond Agreement.

The Issuer has discussed the proposed waiver with certain o f the larger Bondholders, and Bondholders holding in aggregate more than 50% of the Bond have undertaken that they will vote in favour of the proposal.

2

PROPOSAL

In accordance with Clause 16.2 of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has asked the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' Meeting for the Bond Issue in order to consider the Issuer's request for the following waiver of restrictions in the Bond Agreement (the "Proposal"):

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall be allowed to take any action necessary in order to validly enter into the Conditional Purchase Agreement, including, but not limited to, utilize any cash available at the Accounts (as defined in the Bond Agreement) to pay the Deposit. Delivery o f the New Rigs and payment o f the balance o f the purchase price fo r the New Rigs shall otherwise take place in compliance with the terms o f the Bond Agreement.

The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable.

3

SUMMON FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

2 January 2014 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon V ns gate 1, 0161 Oslo - 5th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval o f the summons. 2. Approval o f the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meetings resolves the following:

"The Bondholders' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 2 in the summons to this Bondholders 'Meeting.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing more than 50% of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the Proposal is not approved by the Bondholders, the Bond Agreement will be in full force and effect.
Page 2 of 3

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm: (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to post@trustee.no. +47 22 87 94 10, or Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.

Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Fredrik Lundberg

f\

Enclosed:

Bondholder's Form

Page 3 of 3

