AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT
dated 21 February 2018 between
Polarcus Limited (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee AS (Bond Trustee)
With respect to the bond agreement originally dated 26 April 2011 as last amended and restated on 24 February 2016 on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
USD 125,000,000 5.6% SECURED CONVERTIBLE BOND ISSUE 2011/2016

Clause

CONTENTS

Page

1. DEFINITIONS................................................................................................. 3 2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT............................................................................... 4 3. AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT..................................................................... 4 4. MISCELLANEOUS........................................................................................... 5 5. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.............................................................. 5

SCHEDULE 1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT SCHEDULE 2 AMENDED BOND AGREEMENT - EFFECTIVE DATE SCHEDULE 3 AMENDED BOND AGREEMENT - MERGER DATE

THIS AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is dated 21 February 2018 and made between:

(1)

POLARCUS LIMITED (a company existing under the laws of Cayman Islands with

registration number 201867) as issuer (the "Issuer"); and

(2)

NORDIC TRUSTEE AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with

organisation number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee"),

collectively referred to as the "Parties".

1.

BACKGROUND

The Parties have entered into this Agreement in order to amend the Original Bond Agreement (as defined below).

NOW THEREFORE, it is hereby agreed as follows:

2.

DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement, including Clause 1 hereto (unless the context otherwise requires), all capital terms or expressions have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Amended Bond Agreement unless otherwise explicitly defined herein.

"Amended Bond Agreement" means the Original Bond Agreement, as amended and restated by this Agreement in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Form of Amended Bond Agreement - Effective Date) and, from the date of completion of the Merger of Bonds, in the form set out in Schedule 3 (Form of Amended Bond Agreement - Merger Date).

"Bank Loan Amendments" means the amendments to the Bank Loan Facility as set out in the Restructuring Term Sheet.

"Bank Loan Facility" means the USD 410,000,000 bank facility dated 5 October 2011 with the Issuer as guarantor as amended and restated by a fourth amended and restated facility agreement dated on or about the date of this Bond Agreement.
"Effective Date" has the meaning given to it in Clause 3 (Conditions Precedent).

"Insolvency Event" means:
(a) any member of the Group files for bankruptcy proceeding under Cayman Island law, Norwegian law or insolvency or similar proceedings under any other jurisdiction; or
(b) any action is taken by any party or person in relation to (A) any insolvency proceedings (or any analogous procedure) in any jurisdiction in respect of the Issuer or any other member of the Group, (B) the enforcement of any security over any assets of the Issuer or any other member of the Group or (C) any attachment, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction in respect of any asset of the Issuer or any member of the Group (excluding the arrest of a vessel arising out of a maritime incident) provided, that (A)(C) shall not apply to any action taken in any jurisdiction which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 21 days of

commencement.
"Merger of Bonds" means, at any time after the Effective Date, a merger of the B Bonds and the C Bonds into one tranche as contemplated by Clause 12 (Merger of B Bonds and C Bonds) of the Amended Bond Agreement.
"Merger Date" means the date of completion of the Merger of Bonds.
"OriginaS Bond Agreement" means the bond agreement originally dated 26 April 2011 as last amended and restated on 24 February 2016 with ISIN NO 001 0607435, 001 0757263 and 001 0757271 and made between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
"Private Placement" has the meaning set out in the Restructuring Term Sheet.
"Restructyring" has the meaning set out in the Restructuring Term Sheet.
"Restructuring Bondholders' Meeting" means the bondholders' meeting for the Bond Issue pursuant to the summons dated 26 January 2018.
"Restructuring Term Sheet" means the restructuring term sheet attached to the summons to the Restructuring Bondholders' Meeting.

3.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

The provisions of Clause 5 (Amendment and Restatement) shall be effective from the date the Bond Trustee has received and/or waived all the documents and other evidence listed in Schedule 1 (Conditions Precedent) (the "Effective Date"), each in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee. The Bond Trustee shall notify the Issuer promptly upon being so satisfied.

4= W ARRANTIES
The Issuer makes the warranties set out in Clauses 8.1.1 to 8.1.7, Clause 8.1.10 and Clauses 8.1.12 to 8.1.16, 8.1.18 to 8.1.19 of the Original Bond Agreement on the date of this Agreement and the Effective Date by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing, as if references in Clause 8 (Warranties) were instead to the Amended Bond Agreement.

5. AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT
(a) With effect from the Effective Date, the Original Bond Agreement shall be amended and restated in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Form of Amended Bond Agreement - Effective Date).
(b) With effect from the Merger Date, the Amended Bond Agreement shall be amended and restated in the form set out in Schedule 3 (Form of Amended Bond Agreement - Merger Date).
(c) Clause 21.5 regarding Written Resolutions will be included in the Original

Bond Agreement from the date of this Agreement irrespective of whether the Effective Date or the Merger Date occurs.
6= CONTINUING OBLIGATIONS
6.1 Contiimuing Obligations and Effect The provisions of the Amended Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and Security Documents shall, save as amended and restated by this Agreement, continue in full force and effect. Reference to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents and the Security Documents shall be construed as reference to the Amended Bond Agreement.
6.2 Continuing Security Each Obligor confirms, agrees and undertakes, that each and all Security Interests provided and/or created by it in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Original Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents shall, save as supplemented or amended thereafter or by this Agreement, continue in full force and effect as security for the Obligors' obligations and liabilities under the Amended Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

7.

PAYMENTS

(a) The Issuer shall pay interest and amortization to the Bondholders in accordance with the provisions of the Restructuring Term Sheet from and excluding 31 December 2017. Any payments made by the Issuer from and including 1 January 2018 in accordance with the payment schedules in force prior to the Restructuring, will lead to reductions of payments after approval of the Restructuring as if the Restructuring had been approved on 31 December 2017. Any payment reductions pursuant to this Clause shall be made against the first payment to be made after the Effective Date, and thereafter for the next consecutive payments to the extent applicable.

(b) If the Effective Date does not occur, the original payment schedules in force prior to the Restructuring will apply and unpaid amounts will fall due five Banking Days after the termination of this term sheet.

8.

WAIVERS IN CONNECTION WITH THE RESTRUCTURING

(a) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Amended Bond Agreement, the Bondholders waive:
(i) any breach of Clauses 17.3 (Retention Account), 17.10 (Protection of Conversion Rights), 17.14 (Liquidity), 20.1.1 (Non-payment), 20.1.2 (Breach of other obligations), 20.1.3 (Cross default), 20.1.5 (Insolvency), 20.1.6 (Creditors' process) and 20.1.10 (Material Adverse Effect) in the period from 31 December 2017 until the Effective Date;
(ii) any breaches of clauses in the Original Bond Agreement that may

have been breached prior to the date of the Restructuring Bondholders' Meeting; and/or
(iii) any breaches of the Amended Bond Agreement that are reasonably necessary in order for the Group to take the required actions to carry out the Restructuring and other actions contemplated by and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet and the annexes thereto.
TERMINATION (a) Except for the implementation of Clause 21.5 regarding Written Resolutions,
this Agreement shall terminate if the Effective Date has not occurred by 30 April 2018.
(b) If the Effective Date does not occur by 30 April 2018 or if an Insolvency Event occurs, and except for the implementation of Clause 21.5 regarding Written Resolutions which applies from the signing of this Agreement, the Original Bond Agreement will continue on an unaffected basis as though the Restructuring Bondholders' Meeting had never resolved to approve the resolutions contained in the summons and any approval, waiver, consent or similar given by the Bondholders pursuant to the Restructuring Bondholders' Meeting, this Agreement or the Amended Bond Agreement shall be deemed to have been terminated.
MISCELLANEOUS
(a) This Agreement constitutes a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Amended Bond Agreement.
(b) The Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) undertakes not to claim (directly, indirectly or by transfer) or support any claim against the Group or any directors, officers, management, employees or advisors thereof for any acts or omissions relating to or deriving from the Restructuring, the documents entered into in connection with the Restructuring, the carrying out of transactions contemplated by the Restructuring and the performance of the obligations contemplated by the Restructuring, unless such claim is caused by the gross negligence or wilful misconduct by such member of the Group or its directors, officers, management, employees or advisors.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION (a) This Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this
Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Obligors, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
(b) All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph (c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway,

with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue. (c) Clause 11 (b) is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond
Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
***
[Signature page follows]

SIGNATURE PAGE

Issuer:

Name. Title:

^.

Bond Trustee:
,n
By: Name: Title:

GUARANTOR'S CONFIRMATION: Polarcus Selma Ltd. (Cayman Islands Company No. 204020), in its capacity as Guarantor and security provider under the Original Bond Agreement, hereby confirms its agreement and acceptance to terms and conditions of this Amendment and Restatement Agreement and the Amended Bond Agreement, and confirms that its obligations and liabilities under the Security Documents (including, but not limited to the Guarantee) to which it is a party shall continue in full force and effect for the Amended Bond Agreement (as amended by this Amendment and Restatement Agreement).
Polarcus Selma Ltd.
Title:

SCHEDULE 1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
In respect of the Obligors (as applicable): (a) Company Certificate or equivalent document;
(b) Certificate of Incorporation, Memorandum and Articles of Association or equivalent documents;
(c) resolutions passed at a board meeting, evidencing:
(i) the approval of the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement; and
(ii) the authorisation of its appropriate officer or officers or other representatives to execute this Agreement and any amendments to any Security Documents and other Finance Documents (if applicable) on its behalf; and
(d) (unless granted directly by the board pursuant to the resolutions referred to in item (c) above) powers of attorney to its representative(s) for the execution of the relevant Finance Documents.
Finance Documents: (a) Original counterparts of this Agreement duly executed on behalf of the Parties
and the Guarantor. (b) Updated fee agreements for the Bond, as and if requested by the Bond
Trustee.
Legal Opinions: (a) Legal opinions in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee
relating to Cayman Island and, if required in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, Bahamian law. Miscellaneous: (a) Written confirmation from the Issuer to the Bond Trustee that the agreements for the Bank Loan Amendments and the New Fleet Facility have been signed and that the conditions precedent thereunder have been or will be satisfied in conjunction with the Effective Date. (b) Written confirmation from the Issuer to the Bond Trustee that the purchase agreement for the Group's acquisition of the vessels Polarcus Naila and Polarus Nadia has been signed. (c) Evidence satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that the shareholders' meeting of the Company has approved the issue of shares under the Private Placement, the subsequent repair issue and to convert unsecured bonds to shares in the Issuer no later than 28 February 2018. (d) Evidence satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that the Private Placement has been completed or will be completed in connection with the Effective Date

(and in any event no later than 15 March 2018).
(e) Any other documents reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee, including (without limitation) Security Documents.

SCHEDULE 2 FORM OF AMENDED BOND AGREEMENT - EFFECTIVE DATE

AMENDED AND RESTATED
BOND AGREEMENT between
Polarcus Limited (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee AS (Bond Trustee)

ISIN NO 001 0607435 ISIN NO 001 0757263 ISIN NO 001 0757271

originally dated 26 April 2011 (as last amended and restated on 24 February 2016) as amended and restated as of the Effective Date
in the bond issue named "USD 125,000,000 5.6% Secured Convertible Bond Issue 2011/2016"

Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

1 INTERPRETATION...................................................................................... 3 2 THE BONDS........................................................................................... 14 3 LISTING................................................................................................ 14 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES REGISTER........................................... 15 5 OFFER, PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS .......................................... 15 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT....................................................................... 16 7 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR UTILISATION............................................. 17 8 WARRANTIES......................................................................................... 18 9 STATUS OF THE BONDS, SECURITY AND INTER-CREDITOR ARRANGEMENTS .. 20 10 INTEREST............................................................................................... 21 11 INSTALMENTS, MATURITY OF THE BONDS, CALL OPTION, CHANGE OF CONTROL
............................................................................................................ 23 12 MERGER OF B BONDS AND C BONDS ........................................................ 27 13 PAYMENTS.............................................................................................. 27 14 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS........................................................... 29 15 CONVERSION TERMS............................................................................... 29 16 ADJUSTMENT OF THE CONVERSION PRICE................................................. 30 17 MERGER AND DE-MERGER....................................................................... 44 18 COVENANTS OF THE OBLIGORS................................................................ 44 19 COVENANTS OF THE BOND TRUSTEE......................................................... 50 20 FEES AND EXPENSES............................................................................... 50 21 EVENTS OF DEFAULT............................................................................... 51 22 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING........................................................................ 54 23 THE BOND TRUSTEE................................................................................ 58 24 MISCELLANEOUS.................................................................................... 60

APPENDIX 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE APPENDIX 2 RELEASE NOTICE APPENDIX 3 VESSEL UTILISATION NOTICE

This amended and restated agreement (the "Bond Agreement") is effective as of the Effective Date and is entered into between:

(1)

Polarcus Limited (Cayman Island Company No 201867) as Issuer (the

"Issuer") and

(2)

Nordic Trustee AS (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as Bond Trustee

(the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

"A Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement with ISIN NO 001 0607435.

"Account Bank" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB, Oslo Branch or any other bank with a minimum "A" credit rating from S&P or Moody's.

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.

"Active Vessel" means:

(a)

each of Polarcus Asima, Polarcus Alima, Polarcus Adira and Polarcus

Naila; and

(b)

any other Cash Sweep Vessel that is not cold-stacked,

excluding any vessel in (a) or (b) above that is on a Third Party Charter.

"Additional Ordinary Shares" has the meaning as described in clause 16.13.

"Adjusted EBITDA" means the Group's consolidated quarterly rolling last twelve months EBITDA less multi-client cash investments.

"Amendment and Restatement Agreement" means an amendment and restatement agreement pursuant to which this Bond Agreement becomes effective, dated 21 February 2018.

"Assignment of the Construction Contract" means 1st priority assignment by way of security governed by the law of the Emirate of Dubai over the Construction Contract and all related documents, including all rights to any claims, refunds, or other payments to be received by the Vessel Owner in relation to the Construction Contract (including all refund guarantees provided as security for the Vessel Owner's claim for repayment of pre delivery instalments under the Construction Contract or delivery of owner's furnished equipment).

"Assignment of Insurances" means the 1st priority assignment of any

relevant insurance related to the Vessel and the Equipment. "Assignment of Inter-Company Loans" means the assignment by way of security from the Issuer of all present and future loans to the Vessel Owner, including a right for the Bond Trustee to release those loans on enforcement. "Attachment" means any attachments or appendices to this Bond Agreement. "B Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement with ISIN NO 001 0757263.1 "Banking Day" means a day when the Securities Register and the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System are open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions. "Bank Loan Facility" means the USD 410,000,000 bank facility dated 5 October 2011 with the Issuer as guarantor as most recently amended and restated by a fourth amended and restated facility agreement dated on or about the date of this Bond Agreement.
"Bank Loan Guarantees" means the guarantees issued by the Financing Parties securing the Bank Loan Facility, and a Bank Loan Guarantee means any of them. "Base Interest" means 2.90% per annum. "Bond Agreement" means this amended and restated bond agreement, including any attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties. "Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds. "Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time. "Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in clause 22. "Bonds" means the A Bonds, the B Bonds and the C Bonds. "C Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement with ISIN NO 001 0757271. "Call Option" has the meaning as described in clause 11.3. "Cash Sweep Participants" means the lenders under the Bank Loan Facility, the holders of A Bonds and the New Fleet Facility Lenders. "Cash Sweep Vessels" means Polarcus Asima, Polarcus Alima, Ivan Gubkin
i Note to draft: Two items for discussion are (i) merger of B Bonds and C Bonds to be discussed (when this will be carried out, technical implementation and amendments to agreements) and (ii) conversion of B and C Bonds to equity.

(fka. Polarcus Amani), Polarcus Adira, Polarcus Nadia, Polarcus Naila and the Vessel.

"Cash and Cash Equivalent" means, on any date, the aggregate of the equivalent in USD on such date of the then current market value of:

(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an acceptable bank; and

(b) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an acceptable bank,

in each case, to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at that time and to which any such Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any Security. An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is:

(a) a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a rating of A- or higher by Standard & Poor's, Moody's or a comparable rating from a nationally recognised credit ranking agency for its long-term debt obligations; or

(b) a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking business in Norway.

"Cash Dividend" has the meaning as described in clause 16.4.

"Change of Control Conversion Date" means the date falling 10 Banking Days after a Bondholder has given a notice of conversion following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event.

"Change of Control Conversion Period" means the period commencing on the date on which a Change of Control Event occurs and ending 60 calendar days following such date or, if later, 60 calendar days following the notification of a Change of Control Event (cf. clause 18.2.1(viii)).

"Change of Control Conversion Price" shall have the meaning given in clause 11.7 (ii).

"Change of Control Event" means if and when, subsequent to the date hereof:

(i)

a shareholder of the Issuer or a group of shareholders acting in

concert, directly or indirectly acquire (including by purchase, merger

etc.) or have the right to cast, at a general meeting of the

shareholders of the Issuer, more than 50% of the votes that may

ordinarily be cast in a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer,

or

(ii)

the Ordinary Shares cease to be listed on an Exchange.

"Construction Contract" means the shipbuilding contract for the Vessel entered into between the Issuer and the Yard dated 15 May 2008 (as amended from time to time).

"Conversion Date" means the date falling 10 Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received an exercise notice pursuant to clause 15.4.

"Conversion Period" means the entire term of the Bonds, subject to the Conversion Right being exercised within the Exercise Period.

"Conversion Price" means USD 125.871 per Ordinary Share, and subject to adjustments as provided in clauses 11.4, 16 and 17.

"Conversion Right" means the right of each Bondholder to convert each Bond into Ordinary Shares at the Conversion Price in effect on the relevant Conversion Date, subject to clauses 11.4, 16 and 17.

"Current Market Price" has the meaning as described in clause 16.16

"Dealing Day" has the meaning as described in clause 16.16.

"Deed of Covenants" means the deed of covenants to be entered into between the Vessel Owner and the Bond Trustee in relation to the Mortgage.

"Dividend" has the meaning as described in clause 16.16.

"Effective Date" means the date when the Bond Trustee has confirmed that it has received all conditions precedent to be delivered pursuant to the Amendment and Restatement Agreement.

"Employment Contracts" means any contract for the employment of the Vessel, including intra-group employment contract.

"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.

"Equipment" means all fixed and loose marine and seismic equipment related to the Vessel including;

(a)

the design- and equipment contract with Ulstein Design AS;

(b)

the contract with Odim AS for back-deck towing and handling

system;

(c)

the contract with ION for in-sea positioning systems; and

(d)

the contract with Sercel Inc for 8x6 km streamer package plus

spares.

"Escrow Account" means an account held by the Issuer with the Account Bank, into which the net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred on the Issue Date. The account shall be blocked and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set-off rights.

"Escrow Account Pledge" means the 1st priority pledge over the Escrow Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in clause 21.1.

"Excess Cash Flow" means the annual net increase in cash and cash equivalents (as set out in the Issuer's annual consolidated cash flow statement) adding back the amount of any (i) investments in property, plant and equipment in excess of USD 20 million and less (ii) proceeds from (a) issue of shares, (b) bank loans, (c) the issuance of bonds or other capital markets instruments, (d) sale of assets (other than late sales of the multi client library), (e) insurance claim proceeds used (or intended to be used) to effect repairs or purchase replacement assets within one year of receipt (other than insurance proceeds relating to total loss or constructive total loss of a vessel for which there is no time limit for reinvestment) and (f) mergers and acquisitions and (iii) increases attributable to movements in escrow and retention accounts.

"Exchange" means a securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Bonds and/or the Ordinary Shares are listed.

"Exercise Period" means the period commencing on the Issue Date and ending on the 10th Banking Day prior to the Maturity Date or, if earlier, the 10th Banking Day prior to the date of redemption pursuant to clause 11.4.1 (both days inclusive).

"Fair Market Value" has the meaning as described in clause 16.16.

"Finance Documents" means

(a)

this Bond Agreement,

(b)

the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to

in clause 20.2,

(c)

the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements

and other ancillary documentation relating thereto); and

(d)

any other document which is executed at any time by the Issuer in

relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a)

moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b)

any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c)

the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase

contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a

finance or capital lease;

(d)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a

non-recourse basis);

(e)

any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is

treated as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its

acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred

payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or

financing the acquisition of that asset;

(g)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection

against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including

without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar

transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only

the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account);

(h)

any amounts raised under any other transactions having the

commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether

recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale or

purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee,

indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any

other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar

assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the

items referred to in (a) through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated or, as the case may be, consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from its board of directors.

"Financing Parties" means DNB Bank ASA, DVB Bank SE, Nordic Branch and Garanti-instituttet for Eksportkreditt (GIEK), being the lenders and/or guarantors under the Bank Loan Facility.

"Floating Charge" means the 1st priority floating charge (governed by Cayman Island law) over all assets of the Vessel Owner, including the Equipment (which to the extent possible will include IP-rights and operating manuals for the Vessel), but excluding any Employment Contracts with a duration of less than 9 months and earnings under such contracts as well as any bank accounts (it being understood that the Bond Trustee has no step-in rights in any Employment Contracts).

"GAAP" means the relevant accounting policies that apply to the Issuer, currently IFRS.

"Group" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries.

"Guarantee" means unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee from the Vessel Owner in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

"Independent Financial Adviser" has the meaning as described in clause

16.16.
"Interest Payment Date" means (i) with respect to the A Bonds, 27 January, 27 April, 27 July and 27 October each year and on the Maturity Date, and (ii) with respect to the Subordinated Bonds, 1 January and 1 July each year and on the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Issue Date" means 27 April 2011.
"Issuer's Bond(s)" means Bonds owned by the Group, or party or parties who have decisive influence over the Issuer (as defined in the Norwegian Limited Companies Act Section 1-3 (2) second sentence).
"Liquidity" means the aggregate of:
(a) book value of the Group's Cash and Cash Equivalents (on a consolidated basis); and
(b) any undrawn committed revolving credit lines available to the Group (but excluding committed revolving credit lines with less than six months to maturity).
"Managers" means ABG Sundal Collier ASA, DNB Markets ASA and Pareto Securities AS.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement and any Security Documents, provided always that in respect of Clauses 8.1.5, 8.1.10, 17.2.1 (xi) and 20.1.10, notwithstanding any wording in this definition to the contrary, the assessment of whether the event or occurrence has or would have materially adverse effect or could materially adversely affect any of the above, shall be based on a comparison to the situation as at the Effective Date.
"Maturity Date" means 1 July 2022 for the A Bonds and 1 January 2025 for the Subordinated Bonds.
"Mortgage" means the mortgage over the Vessel (including all equipment being legally part of the Vessel) representing 100% of the Bonds plus accrued interest and expenses to be registered on the Vessel's page in the applicable ship register, including the Deed of Covenants.
"New Fleet Facility" means the new fleet facility to be provided to the Group for acquiring the vessels "Polarcus Nadia" and "Polarcus Naila".
"New Fleet Facility Lenders" means the lenders under the New Fleet Facility.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, the lawful currency of Norway.
"Non-Cash Dividend" has the meaning as described in clause 16.4

"Obligor" means the Issuer and the Vessel Owner.
"Ordinary Shares" means ordinary shares in the Issuer with ISIN KYG7153K1085.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Outstanding A Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of A Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Outstanding Subordinated Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Subordinated Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"PIK Bonds" has the meaning set out in Clause 10.6.
"Prevailing Rate" means, in respect of any Dealing Day, in respect of any currencies the spot rate of exchange between the relevant currencies prevailing at or around 12 noon (CET) on that Dealing Day as appearing on or derived from the Bloomberg (or such other information service provider that displays the relevant information) or, if such a rate cannot be determined at such time, the rate prevailing as at or about 12 noon (CET) on the immediately preceding day on which such rate can be so determined.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Reference Price" means the Conversion Price (as adjusted pursuant to Clauses 11.4, 16 and 17 divided by 1.325.
"Relevant Quarter" means the quarter ending on a Quarter Date immediately preceding an Interest Payment Date.

"Relevant Record Date" means:

(a)

the date falling three (3) Banking Days after the summons for a

Written Resolution has been published; or,

(b)

if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been

reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (a) above, on the date

falling on the Banking Day immediately prior to the date on which

the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been

passed with the requisite majority.

"Restructuring" means the "Restructuring" as such term is defined in the summons to the bondholders' meeting for the Bond Issue dated 26 January 2018.

"Retention Account" means an account held by the Issuer with the Account Bank in order to service interest on the Bonds and to be funded in accordance with Clause 18.3. The account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set-off rights.

"Retention Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Retention Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

"Runway Period" means the period from and including 1 January 2018 to and not including 1 January 2022.

"Securities Register" means the Norwegian Central Securities Register (VPS) in which the Bond Issue is registered.

"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Securities Registration Act" means the Norwegian act on the registration of financial instruments (the Securities Registration Act) of 5 July 2002 No. 64.

"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.

"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Document, including but not limited to:

(a)

the Escrow Account Pledge;

(b)

the Retention Account Pledge;

(c)

the Mortgage;

(d)

the Deed of Covenant;

(e)

the Floating Charge;

(f)

the Assignment of Insurances;

(g)

the Assignment of the Construction Contract;

(h)

the Share Pledge;

(i)

the Assignment of Inter-Company Loans; and

(j)

the Guarantee.

"Share Pledge" means the 1st priority pledge charge granted by the Issuer

over all of the shares (100%) in the Vessel Owner together with, among other deliverables, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from all board members as well as a covenant to obtain letters of resignation from future board members.
"Shareholders" means holders of Ordinary Shares.
"Specified Date" has the meaning as described in clause 16.8 or, as the case may be, clause 16.9.
"Specified Share Day" has the meaning as described in clause 16.16.
"Spin-Off" has the meaning as described in clause 16.16.
"Spin-Off Securities" has the meaning as described in clause 16.16.
"Subordinated Bonds" means the B Bonds and the C Bonds.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Tikhonov Charter" means the bareboat charterparty for the Vessel entered into between Polarcus Selma Limited and SCF Sakhalin Supply Limited on 10 August 2011 (as supplemented and amended from time to time).
"Third Party Charter" means a bareboat charter contract for the Vessel between a Group company and a non-Group company.
"Unsecured NOK Bonds" means bonds issued under the Issuer's bond issue Fixed Rate Polarcus Limited Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019 with ISIN NO 001 0714389 and ISIN NO 001 0757255 pursuant to the Unsecured NOK Bond Agreement.
"Unsecured USD Bonds" means bonds issued under the Issuer's bond issue 8 per cent Polarcus Limited Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018 with ISIN NO 001 0680150 and ISIN NO 001 0757248 pursuant to the Unsecured USD Bond Agreement.
"Unsecured NOK Bond Agreement" means the Fixed Rate Polarcus Limited senior unsecured callable bond agreement entered into between the Issuer as issuer and the Bond Trustee as bond trustee, as amended and restated on or about the date of this Agreement.
"Unsecured USD Bond Agreement" means the Fixed Rate Polarcus Limited senior unsecured callable bond agreement entered into between the Issuer as issuer and the Bond Trustee as bond trustee, as amended and restated on or about the date of this Agreement.

"USD" means the lawful currency of the United States of America.

"Vessel" means mv "Vyacheslav Tikhonov" ex-"Polarcus Selma" IMO No. 9538115.

"Vessel Owner" means i) Polarcus Selma Ltd., incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands, being a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer, or ii) any other company which acquires the Vessel pursuant clause 18.7.2.

"Vessel Utilisation Notice" means a notice from the Issuer to the Bond Trustee in the form attached to this Bond Agreement as Appendix 3.

"Voting A Bonds" means the Outstanding A Bonds less the Issuer's A Bonds.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

"Volume Weighted Average Price" has the meaning as described in clause 16.16.

"Working Capital Agreement" means a working capital facility agreement dated 9 April 2015 (as amended and restated), entered into by, among others, certain subsidiaries of the Issuer as borrowers and Polarcus Shipholding AS as guarantor and DNB Bank ASA as lender for general corporate and working capital purposes.

"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 22.5 (Written Resolutions).

"Yard" means Drydocks World - Dubai LLC, UAE.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease of reference only;

(b)

words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice

versa;

(c)

references to clauses are references to the clauses of this Bond

Agreement;

(d)

references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise

stated herein;

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it

may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the

appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any

determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions

relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm,

partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body

corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any

agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate

legal personality).

2 2.1
2.2 2.2.1
2.2.2
2.2.3 2.2.4
2.3

The Bonds
Binding nature of the Bond Agreement
The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement and the Finance Documents on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been duly registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also clause 24.1.
The Bond Issue
The Issuer has resolved to issue a convertible loan in the original aggregate amount of USD 125,000,000, each Bond with a denomination of USD 1.
The Bond Issue is described as "5.6% Secured Convertible Bond Issue 2011/2016".
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0607435 (for the A Bonds), NO 001 0757263 (for the B Bonds) and NO 001 0757271 (for the C Bonds).
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the relevant Maturity Date, or earlier if all of the Bonds are redeemed or converted into Ordinary Shares prior to such Maturity Date following (i) the Bondholders' exercise of their Conversion Right, (ii) the Issuer's exercise of the Call Option, and/or (iii) otherwise pursuant to the terms set forth herein.
Purpose and utilization
The net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of fees of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be used by the Issuer to finance the construction and completion of the Vessel and acquisition of all relevant seismic equipment; hereunder to make payments under the Construction Contract, payments for equipment, payments of project costs, interest cost, site administration costs and other payments related to constructing and equipping the Vessel including without limitations acquisition of the shares of the Vessel Owner, financing of earlier acquired and paid equipment related to the Vessel, and capex related to the Vessel in all such respects.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on an Exchange, but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires.
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in the Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register in accordance with the Securities Register Act and the terms of the Securities Register.

4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes to any of the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of any such notification.

4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.

4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Offer, Purchase and Transfer of Bonds

5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard

to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a

Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its

registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must

ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at its own cost

and expense.

5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.

5.4 The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In addition to the subscription agreement each initial purchaser will be required to execute, and each US investor that wishes to purchase Bonds, will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form determined by the Issuer, stating, among other things, that the purchaser is a QIB.

5.5

Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer the

Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US

Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a

QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account,

or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given and that the resale, pledge or other transfer may only be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Issuance of the Bonds and disbursement of the netproceeds of theBonds to the Issuer's Escrow Account will be subject tothe Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a)

the Bond Agreement duly executed;

(b)

confirmation that the Construction Contract is duly executed and

made effective;

(c)

the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to

expenses and fees set out in clause 20.2, duly executed;

(d)

the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties

thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and

consents from the Account Bank);

(e)

certified copies of the constitutional documents of the Issuer and the

Vessel Owner;

(f)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the

Bonds, to execute the agreements or documents set out in clauses

(a) through (d);

(g)

a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their

execution of the relevant agreements or documents set out in

clauses ((a) through (d), or extracts from the relevant register or

similar documentation or corporate resolutions evidencing the

individuals authorized to sign on behalf of each such party;

(h)

documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as

set out in clause 2.1;

(i)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the

Bond Issue;

(j)

confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been

registered in the Securities Register;

(k)

the Issuer's most recent Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial

Report;

(l)

confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the

Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus

directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled

or are not applicable;

(m) copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Managers in connection with the Bond Issue; and

(n)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond

Trustee.

6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in clause 6.1.

6.3

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account is

subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Managers and

the Paying Agent confirming that the documents listed in clause 6.1 (to the

extent applicable) have been controlled and that the required conditions

precedent are fulfilled.

6.4 Subject to the conditions set out in clause 6.1, and following receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to clause 6.3, ABG Sundal Collier ASA shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

7

Conditions Precedent for Utilisation

7.1 The proceeds on the Escrow Account may only be utilised (i) in accordance with the purpose of this Bond Issue as set out in clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization), and any release from the Escrow Account is subject to the following:

(a)

a duly executed release notice from the Issuer substantially in the

form set out in Appendix 2 hereto, confirming, inter alia, that no

Event of Default has occurred, or is likely to occur;

(b)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be

released has been or will be applied to make payments in accordance

with the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in clause 2.3;

(c)

all Security Documents (other than the Mortgage and Assignment of

Insurances) being duly executed and perfected;

(d)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute the

Security Documents set out in clause (c); and

(e)

all legal opinions related to the execution and perfection of the

Security Documents and the necessary corporate resolutions having

been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond

Trustee.

7.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in clause 7.1.

7.3 The proceeds on the Escrow Account may be released through several drawings subject to a duly executed release notice as stated in clause 7.1(b) supported by invoices or other documentation.

8 8.1 8.1.1 8.1.2 8.1.3
8.1.4
8.1.5
8.1.6

Warranties
The Issuer warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:
Status
Each Obligor is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
Power and authority
Each Obligor has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party as well as the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein and upon registration of applicable Security Interests in the public registers of the jurisdictions concerned) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable in order to render said documents enforceable against the Obligor, or in order for any Security Interest created (or to be created) by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.
Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by each Obligor of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party, and the transactions contemplated thereby, do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its memorandum of association, bye-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on each of the Issuer or the Vessel Owner or any of its assets.
No event of default
No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on any Obligor or any of its assets and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental

authorities required for each Obligor in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Obligors to carry on their business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
8.1.7 Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
8.1.8 Financial Statements etc.
The most recently audited Financial Statements and the most recent Quarterly Financial Report of the Issuer reflect, fairly and accurately the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
8.1.9 No undisclosed liabilities
As of the date of the most recently audited Financial Statements, the Obligors had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments, which were not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
8.1.10 No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Obligors that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, except for such changes which are publicly known through stock exchange announcements by the Issuer.
8.1.11 No misleading information
All financial information provided to the subscribers of Bonds and/or to the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represents the latest available financial information concerning the Issuer, and there has been no change in the Issuer's financial position which could have a Material Adverse Effect.
8.1.12 Environmental compliance
Each Obligor is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation, and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

8.1.13 Intellectual property
The Vessel Owner has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trademarks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets, rights and interests.
8.1.14 No withholdings
Neither of the Obligors is required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which they may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
8.1.15 Pari passu ranking
The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
8.1.16 Encumbrances
No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Obligor in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
8.1.17 Construction Contract
The Construction Contract is in full force and effect, and no default or event of default has occurred.
8.1.18 Compliance with laws
The Vessel shall not be utilised in conflict with applicable laws and regulations which it is subject to from time to time.
8.1.19 Conversion right
The Issuer will have the authority to issue and allot, free from pre-emption rights, sufficient Ordinary Shares to enable the Conversion Right to be satisfied in full at the Conversion Price.
8.2 Misrepresentation
In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of any reliance on the warranties provided herein.

9

Status of the Bonds, security and inter-creditor arrangements

9.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer and shall be secured by the Security Interests and otherwise rank at least pari passu with all the claims of the other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (save for such claims which

are mandatory preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).

9.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests on a first priority basis.

9.3

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under this Bond Agreement, the

holders of A Bonds may act in accordance with Clause 21.3 without prior

consent from the holders of the Subordinated Bonds. In connection with any

enforcement of any Security Interest (including for the avoidance of doubt

decision of whether to enforce or not), the holders of Subordinated Bonds

shall comply with any instructions given by the Bond Trustee on behalf of the

holders of A Bonds. The rights of the holders of Subordinated Bonds shall be

contractually subordinated to the rights of holders of A Bonds with respect to

any proceeds deriving from enforcement of any Security Interest. For the

avoidance of doubt, neither the Bond Trustee nor the Issuer shall be liable to

any Bondholder when complying with instructions received from holders of A

Bonds pursuant to Clause 21.3.

9.4 The proceeds derived from any sale or enforcement (whether involuntary or voluntary) of any Security Interest shall be applied as follows:

(i)

first, towards payment of any costs and expenses incurred by the

Bond Trustee in connection with enforcement of Security Interest;

(ii)

second, towards payment of due but unpaid interest on the A Bonds;

(iii) third, towards payment of due but unpaid principal on the A Bonds;

(iv) fourth, towards payment of due but unpaid interest on the Subordinated Bonds; and

(v)

fifth, towards payment of due but unpaid principal on the

Subordinated Bonds.

10 10.1

Interest

The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the A Bonds as follows:

(i)

if the Vessel has been on a Third Party Charter in a Relevant Quarter,

cash interest at a fixed rate of 5.6% per annum; and

(ii)

if the Vessel has not been on a Third Party Charter in a Relevant

Quarter, cash interest equal to the Base Interest plus cash and

payment in kind interest per annum in accordance with the table

below (based on the Issuer's Adjusted EBITDA for the Relevant

Quarter):

Adjusted EBITDA

Cash

PIK

Total

<35 million

0.75%

0.375%

1.125%

35-50 million

1.00%

0.375%

1.375%

50-75 million 75-90 million >90 million

1.75% 2.75% 3.25%

0.375% 0.375% 0.375%

2.125% 3.125% 3.625%

10.2

For any Relevant Quarter where the Vessel has been on a Third Party Charter for only part of that Relevant Quarter, interest payable on the A Bonds will be adjusted based on the number of days that hire was payable under a Third Party Charter.

10.3 Interest payments on the A Bonds shall be made quarterly in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates.

10.4 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Subordinated Bonds at a rate of 5% per annum as payment in kind.

10.5

Interest payments on the Subordinated Bonds shall be made semi-annually in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates in July and January each year. No interest shall accrue on the Subordinated Bonds prior to 1 July 2018 and the first Interest Payment Date is 1 January 2019.

10.6

Interest payments made as payment in kind will be made by the issuance of additional bonds ("PIK Bonds"). PIK Bonds will be added to the principal amount of Outstanding Bonds (adjusted according to applicable rounding procedures of the Securities Depository to avoid fractions of Bonds) and shall be issued on the relevant Interest Payment Date. Interest on PIK Bonds will accrue from and including such Interest Payment Date.

10.7

For the purposes of calculating interest payable by the Issuer on the A Bonds in accordance with this Clause 10, the Issuer shall send a Vessel Utilisation Notice to the Bond Trustee and the Paying Agent no later than 10 Banking Days after each Quarter Date.

10.8

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

10.9

The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months, unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).

10.10 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face x Value

Interest Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

11

Instalments, Maturity of the Bonds, Call Option, Change of Control

11.1 Instalments and Maturity

11.1.1 During the Runway Period, the Issuer shall repay the A Bonds as follows:

(i)

USD 1.15 million for any Relevant Quarter that the Vessel has been

on the Tikhonov Charter. For any Relevant Quarter where the Vessel

has been (a) on a Third Party Charter other than the Tikhonov Charter or (b) on the Tikhonov Charter with adjusted charter hire from the applicable rate on the Effective Date, instalments in an amount equal to 32% of the Vessel's charter earnings for that Relevant Quarter; and

(ii)

For any Relevant Quarter that the Vessel has not been on a Third

Party Charter, the Issuer shall not make any amortisation payments

on the A Bonds (except for any payment made pursuant to Clause

11.2).

The instalments will be based on the Vessel's actual charter earnings in the immediately preceding quarter.

11.1.2

For any Relevant Quarter where the Vessel has been on a Third Party Charter for only part of that Relevant Quarter, amortisation payable on the A Bonds will be reduced pro rata based on the number of days in the Relevant Quarter that hire was payable under a Third Party Charter. After the Runway Period, the Issuer shall repay the A Bonds by quarterly instalments of USD 1,750,000 and the first repayment after the Runway Period shall occur on 27 January 2022 and then on each Interest Payment Date thereafter.

11.1.3

For the purposes of calculating amortisation payable by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11, the Issuer shall send a Vessel Utilisation Notice to the Bond Trustee and the Paying Agent no later than 10 Banking Days after each Quarter Date.

11.1.4 The Issuer shall repay the Subordinated Bonds on the Maturity Date (no instalments).

11.1.5

The payment of instalments to the holders of A Bonds as set out in this Clause 11.1 shall be carried out in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository.

11.1.6 Any Bonds outstanding shall be repaid on the Maturity Date at par (100%) (unless the Bonds are previously redeemed or converted).

11.2 Cash Sweep

11.2.1

During the Runway Period, if the Excess Cash Flow is positive for a financial year during the Runway Period, the Issuer shall make cash sweep payments to the Cash Sweep Participants based on the Excess Cash Flow generated by the Group. The calculation of Excess Cash Flow will be made for the first time in 2019 with respect to the Group's 2018 financial year.

11.2.2

The amount payable by the Issuer to the Cash Sweep Participants ("Cash Sweep Payments") is equal to 70% of any Excess Cash Flow from the Group in a financial year.

11.2.3

Excess Cash Flow will be distributed pro rata between the Cash Sweep Participants on the loans that have financed an Active Vessel in that period and tranche B of loan 3 under the Bank Loan Facility, based on outstanding loan amounts at the Effective Date. If a vessel is an Active Vessel for parts of

a calendar year, the interest in the Excess Cash Flow for the loan financing that vessel shall be adjusted pro rata for the part of a year during which the vessel was an Active Vessel. Tranche B of loan 3 under the Bank Loan Facility will always participate in the cash sweep as if that loan had been secured by an Active Vessel for the whole calendar year.

1 1 .2.4

The Issuer shall make Cash Sweep Payments before 30 April each year that the cash sweep applies to a separate account in the name of the Issuer with DNB Bank ASA as account bank, pledged and blocked in favour of the agent for the Bank Loan Facility (the "Agent"). Any Excess Cash Flow standing on such account shall be promptly distributed by the Agent to the relevant Cash Sweep Participants.

1 1 .2.5

Any Cash Sweep Payments to the holders of A Bonds shall be applied proportionally between the holders of A Bonds and be treated as amortization payments reducing the payment due on the Maturity Date and, if greater than the sum due on the Maturity Date, shall reduce successive preceding instalments.

1 1 .2.6

The Issuer shall include in its compliance certificate for the fourth quarter of each year the Excess Cash Flow for the preceding year, the amount payable to holders of A Bonds and the distribution of Excess Cash Flow between the Cash Sweep Participants.

11.3 Call Option

1 1 .3.1 The Issuer may redeem the A Bonds at its par value plus accrued interest:

(a)

on or after the date falling 3 years and 21 Dealing Days after 27 April

2011, with a 20 Banking Days' notice period, provided that the Parity

Value has exceeded USD 1.3 on each of at least 20 Dealing Days

within a period of 30 consecutive Dealing Days ending on the Dealing

Day prior to the giving of notice of redemption,

(b)

at any time during the term of the A Bonds, provided that 90% or

more of the A Bonds issued on the Issue Date has been redeemed,

converted into Ordinary Shares or purchased and cancelled.

Should the Issuer exercise this option ("Call Option"), the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Register) not more than 40 nor less than 20 Banking Days before the date of redemption. For the avoidance of doubt, each Bondholder may within the Exercise Period elect to exercise its Conversion Right after having received the Issuer's Call Option notice.

For the purpose of this clause, "Parity Value" means, in respect of any Dealing Day, the USD amount calculated as follows:

PV

= N x VWAP

where

PV

= the Parity Value

N

= the number of Ordinary Shares determined by

dividing USD 1.0 by the Conversion Price in

effect on such Dealing Day (rounded down, if

necessary, to the nearest whole number of

Ordinary Shares).

VWAP

= the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Ordinary Share on such Dealing Day translated into USD at the Prevailing Rate on such Dealing Day (provided that if on any such Dealing Day the Ordinary Shares shall have been quoted cum-Dividend or cum-any other entitlement, the closing price on such Dealing Day shall be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of first public announcement of such Dividend or entitlement (or, if that is not a Dealing Day, the immediately preceding Dealing Day).

1 1 .3.2 The Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Bonds in whole or in part (Call
Option) at 100% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.

11.3.3

Partial redemption of Bonds (other than A Bonds) pursuant to this Clause 11.3 must be carried out pro rata between the B Bonds, the C Bonds, the Unsecured USD Bonds and the Unsecured NOK Bonds (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

11.4 Change of control

1 1 .4.1

If a Change of Control Event has occurred, each Bondholder holding Bonds shall at any time in the Change of Control Conversion Period be entitled, at its option, to:

(i)

require early redemption of its Outstanding Bonds at 100% of their

par value plus accrued interest; or

(ii)

convert its Outstanding Bonds at the Change of Control Conversion

Price, which shall be calculated as set out below, but in each case

adjusted, if appropriate, as set out in clauses 16 and 17.

COCCP = [RP x (n - n)]+[(OCP Xn)] N
where:

COCCP is the Change of Control Conversion Price;

RP OCP N n

is the Reference Price;
is the current Conversion Price on the relevant Conversion Date (but not adjusted for the Change of Control Event);
is the number of days from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; and
is the number of days from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date of the Change of Control Event.

11.4.2

To exercise either such option, a Bondholder must, via its VPS account manager, notify the Paying Agent within the Change of Control Conversion Period.

11.4.3 In the event of an early redemption pursuant to this clause 11.4, settlement shall be 3 Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received such request.

11.4.4

In the event of conversion pursuant to this clause 11.4, the Issuer shall as soon as possible, but in no event later than on the Change of Control Conversion Date, issue to and in the names of the relevant Bondholder the number of Ordinary Shares which are necessary in order to fulfil the Issuer's obligations to issue new Ordinary Shares to the relevant Bondholder pursuant to its Conversion Rights.

11.4.5

The number of Ordinary Shares required to be issued shall be determined by dividing the principal amount of the Bonds by the Change of Control Conversion Price in effect on the relevant Conversion Date.

11.4.6

The terms set out in clauses 15, 16 and 17 shall (to the extent applicable) apply for any conversion of Bonds to Ordinary Shares according to this clause 11.4.

11.4.7

The Bondholders shall not be entitled to exercise a put option in accordance with this Clause 11.4 as a consequence of a Change of Control Event which is triggered as a consequence of the Restructuring.

12

Merger of B Bonds and C Bonds

The Issuer may at any time after the Effective Date require that the B Bonds and the C Bonds are merged into one tranche under one joint ISIN by sending a notice to the Bond Trustee and the Paying Agent. Upon receiving such notice, the Bond Trustee shall as soon as reasonably possible instruct the Securities Register to carry out, and otherwise be authorised to take any necessary steps to implement, such merger. Upon completion of the merger, holders of C Bonds will receive one B Bond for each C Bond they own.

13

Payments

13.1 Payment mechanics

13.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and

this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

13 .1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however clause 13.2 (Currency).

13.2 Currency

13.2.1

Each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be considered to have been made at that date.

13.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, a Bondholder has not given such instruction as set out in clause 13.2.1 within 5 Banking Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Register.

13 .2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities
shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

13.3 Set-off and counterclaims

Neither of the Obligors may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

13.4 Interest in the event of late payment

13.4.1

In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to clause 10 (Interest) plus 5.00 percentage points per annum.

13 .4.2

The interest charged under this clause 13.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

13 .4.3

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to 21.1.1, cf. clauses 21.2 through 21.4.

13.5 Irregular payments

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or

Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in clauses 13.1 or 13.2. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

14

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Issuer and its Subsidiaries have the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

15 15.1 15.2 15.3
15.4
15.5
15.6

Conversion terms

Each Bondholder may exercise one or more of his Conversion Right(s) at the Conversion Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided that notification thereof is given pursuant to clause 15.4.

The Conversion Right cannot be separated from the Bond.

The number of Ordinary Shares to be issued on exercise of a Conversion Right shall be determined by dividing the principal amount of the relevant Bond or Bonds by the Conversion Price in effect on the relevant Conversion Date. The Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms set out in clauses 15, 16 and 17.

In order to exercise a Conversion Right, the Bondholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent (via its Account Manager) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice stating the number of Bonds which shall be converted. The Account Manager will then promptly forward the notice to the Issuer (via the Paying Agent).

Subject to clause 15.6, conversion will be effected by a set-off of the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted against the issuing of the whole number of Ordinary Shares resulting from dividing the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted by the applicable Conversion Price. Any excess amount beyond the whole number of Ordinary Shares converted by the Bonds shall fall to the Issuer and accordingly fractions of Ordinary Shares will not be issued or transferred upon exercise of a Conversion Right and no cash payment will be made in lieu thereof.

Notwithstanding clause 15.5, upon the exercise of the Conversion Right, the Issuer may for each Bond that is converted, exercise an option ("Cash Settlement Option") to redeem the Bond by

(a)

Settling the principal amount (USD 1.0) in cash, and

(b)

Issuing a number of shares equal to the difference between the

Parity Value and USD 1.0, divided by VWAP, where the Parity Value

and VWAP, is as defined in clause 11.2, and the Dealing Day is the

day when the Bondholders exercise their Conversion Rights.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may elect to exercise its Cash Settlement Option regardless of the Conversion Right being exercised upon

the occurrence of Change of Control Event or the Issuer having exercised its Call Option or any other event.

15.7

To exercise the Cash Settlement Option the Issuer must give a written notice to such effect to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders via the Securities Register no later than 5 Banking Days after the Issuer's receipt from the Account Manager of the signed exercise notice as set out in clause 15.4.

15.8

The Issuer shall pay all (if any) taxes and capital, stamp, issue and registration duties payable in Norway or Cayman Island arising on conversion and on the issue and delivery of Ordinary Shares upon conversion. Interest accrued since the last Interest Payment Date but not due on a Conversion Date, shall not be paid to the Bondholders, but shall accrue to the Issuer unless the Conversion Date shall fall on a Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date, then interest due shall be paid to the relevant Bondholder.

15.9 The Issuer shall (if relevant via the Paying Agent) on or with effect from the Conversion Date

(a)

carry the conversion into effect by issuing the correct number of new

Ordinary Shares,

(b)

ensure the due registration of the new Ordinary Shares in the

Securities Register (at the account of the converting Bondholder),

(c)

and listing of the new Ordinary Shares on the Exchange (and shall

deliver any such documents and do any acts necessary in relation

thereto),

(d)

effect payment of the principal amount of each Bond which shall be

settled in cash upon the exercise of the Cash Settlement Option, and

(e)

ensure that Bonds are discharged.

15.10

Ordinary Shares issued upon conversion of the Bonds will be fully paid and will in all respects rank pari passu with the issued Ordinary Shares on the relevant Conversion Date.

16 16.1
16.2

Adjustment of the Conversion Price
Upon the happening of any of the events described below, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted as follows:
In the event the arithmetic average of the Volume Weighted Average Price of an Ordinary Share for 20 consecutive Dealing Days immediately prior to 27 October 2012 is lower than the Reference Price, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted and calculated as the product of i) such Volume Weighted Average Price and ii) 1.325, provided, however that the Conversion Price shall not be adjusted by an amount which is higher than 20% of the Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall become effective on 27 October 2012.
If and whenever there shall be a consolidation or subdivision of the Ordinary Shares, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion

Price in force immediately prior to such consolidation or subdivision by the following fraction:
A B
where:

A

is the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately

before such consolidation or subdivision, as the case may be; and

B

is the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately after,

and as a result of, such consolidation or subdivision, as the case may

be.

16.3

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date the consolidation or subdivision, as the case may be, takes effect.
If and whenever the Issuer shall issue any Ordinary Shares credited as fully paid to the Shareholders by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves (including any share premium account or capital redemption reserve) other than (1) where any such Ordinary Shares issued instead of the whole or part of a Dividend in cash which the Shareholders would or could otherwise have received or (2) where the Shareholders may elect to receive a Dividend in cash in lieu of such Ordinary Shares, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such issue by the following fraction:
A B
where:

16.4

A

is the aggregate nominal amount of the Ordinary Shares in issue

immediately before such issue; and

B

is the aggregate nominal amount of the Ordinary Shares in issue

immediately after such issue.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Ordinary Shares.

If and whenever the Issuer shall pay or make any Dividend to Shareholders, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to the relevant Dividend by the following fraction:

A- B A

where:

A

is the Current Market Price of one Ordinary Share on the first date on

which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex- the relevant Dividend on the

Exchange or, in the case of a purchase of Ordinary Shares or any

16.5

receipts or certificates representing Ordinary Shares by or on behalf of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, on which such Ordinary Shares are purchased or, in the case of a Spin-Off, is the mean of the Volume Weighted Average Prices of a Ordinary Share for the five consecutive Dealing Days ending on the Dealing Day immediately preceding the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded exthe relevant Spin-Off; and

B

is the portion of the Fair Market Value, with such portion being

determined by dividing the Fair Market Value of the aggregate

Dividend by the number of Ordinary Shares entitled to receive the

relevant Dividend (or, in the case of a purchase of Ordinary Shares or

any receipts or certificates representing shares by or on behalf of the

Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, by the number of Ordinary

Shares in issue immediately prior to such purchase), of the Dividend

attributable to one Ordinary Share.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex- the relevant Dividend on the Exchange or, in the case of a purchase of Ordinary Shares or any receipts or certificates representing Ordinary Shares, on the date such purchase is made or, in the case of a Spin-Off, the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded exthe relevant Spin-Off.

For the purposes of the above, the Fair Market Value of a Cash Dividend shall (subject as provided in paragraph (a) of the definition of "Dividend" and in the definition of " Fair Market Value") be determined as at the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex- the relevant Dividend on the Exchange, and in the case of a Non-Cash Dividend, the Fair Market Value of the relevant Dividend shall be the Fair Market Value of the relevant Spin-Off Securities or, as the case may be, the relevant property or assets.

"Non-Cash Dividend" means any Dividend which is not a Cash Dividend, and shall include a Spin-Off.

"Cash Dividend" means (i) any Dividend which is to be paid or made in cash (in whatever currency), but other than falling within paragraph (b) of the definition of "Spin-Off" and (ii) any Dividend determined to be a Cash Dividend pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of "Dividend", and for the avoidance of doubt, a Dividend falling within paragraph (c) or (d) of the definition of "Dividend" shall be treated as being a Non-Cash Dividend.

If and whenever the Issuer shall issue Ordinary Shares to Shareholders as a class by way of rights, or issue or grant to Shareholders as a class by way of rights, options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Ordinary Shares, in each case at a price per Ordinary Share which is less than 95% of the Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the Dealing Day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the terms of the issue or grant of such Ordinary Shares, options, warrants or other rights, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion

Price in force immediately prior to such issue or grant by the following fraction:
A +B A +C

where:

A

is the number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately before such

announcement;

B

is the number of Ordinary Shares which the aggregate amount (if any)

payable for the Ordinary Shares issued by way of rights, or for the

options or warrants or other rights issued by way of rights and for the

total number of Ordinary Shares deliverable on the exercise thereof,

would purchase at such Current Market Price per Ordinary Share; and

C

is the number of Ordinary Shares issued or, as the case may be, the

maximum number of Ordinary Shares which may be issued upon

exercise of such options, warrants or rights calculated as at the date of

issue of such options, warrants or rights.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex-rights, ex-options or ex-warrants on the Exchange.

16.6

If and whenever the Issuer shall issue any Securities (other than Ordinary Shares or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Ordinary Shares) to Shareholders as a class by way of rights or grant to Shareholders as a class by way of rights any options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Securities (other than Ordinary Shares or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase Ordinary Shares), the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such issue or grant by the following fraction:

A- B A

where:

16.7

A

is the Current Market Price of one Ordinary Share on the Dealing Day

immediately preceding the first date on which the terms of such issue

or grant are publicly announced; and

B

is the Fair Market Value on the date of such announcement of the

portion of the rights attributable to one Ordinary Share.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex-rights, ex-options or ex-warrants on the Exchange.

If and whenever the Issuer shall issue (otherwise than as mentioned in clause 16.5) wholly for cash or for no consideration any Ordinary Shares (other than

Ordinary Shares issued on conversion of the Bonds or on the exercise of any rights of conversion into, or exchange or subscription for or purchase of, Ordinary Shares) or issue or grant (otherwise than as mentioned in clause 16.5) wholly for cash or for no consideration any options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Ordinary Shares (other than the Bonds), in each case at a price per Ordinary Share which is less than 90% of the Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the Dealing Day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the terms of such issue or grant, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such issue or grant by the following fraction:
A +B A+C

where:

16.8

A

is the number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately before the

issue of such Ordinary Shares or the grant of such options, warrants or

rights;

B

is the number of Ordinary Shares which the aggregate consideration

(if any) receivable for the issue of such Ordinary Shares or, as the case

may be, for the Ordinary Shares to be issued or otherwise made

available upon the exercise of any such options, warrants or rights,

would purchase at such Current Market Price per Ordinary Share; and

C

is the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to such issue

of such Ordinary Shares or, as the case may be, the maximum number

of Ordinary Shares which may be issued upon exercise of such

options, warrants or rights calculated as at the date of issue of such

options, warrants or rights.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Ordinary Shares or, as the case may be, the grant of such options, warrants or rights.

If and whenever the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or (at the direction or request of or pursuant to any arrangements with the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer) any other company, person or entity (otherwise than as mentioned in clause 16.5, 16.6 or 16.7) shall issue wholly for cash or for no consideration any Securities (other than the Bonds), which by their terms of issue carry (directly or indirectly) rights of conversion into, or exchange or subscription for, Ordinary Shares (or shall grant any such rights in respect of existing Securities so issued) or Securities which by their terms might be redesignated as Ordinary Shares, and the consideration per Ordinary Share receivable upon conversion, exchange, subscription or redesignation is less than 95% of the Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the Dealing Day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the terms of issue of such Securities (or the terms of such grant), the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion

Price in force immediately prior to such issue (or grant) by the following fraction:
A +B A+C

16.9

where:

A

is the number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately before such

issue or grant (but where the relevant Securities carry rights of

conversion into or rights of exchange or subscription for Ordinary

Shares which have been issued by the Issuer for the purposes of or in

connection with such issue, less the number of such Ordinary Shares

so issued);

B

is the number of Ordinary Shares which the aggregate consideration

(if any) receivable for the Ordinary Shares to be issued or otherwise

made available upon conversion or exchange or upon exercise of the

right of subscription attached to such Securities or, as the case may

be, for the Ordinary Shares to be issued or to arise from any such

redesignation would purchase at such Current Market Price per

Ordinary Share; and

C

is the maximum number of Ordinary Shares to be issued or otherwise

made available upon conversion or exchange of such Securities or

upon the exercise of such right of subscription attached thereto at the

initial conversion, exchange or subscription price or rate or, as the

case may be, the maximum number of Ordinary Shares which may be

issued or arise from any such redesignation.

Provided that if at the time of issue of the relevant Securities or date of grant of such rights (as used in this clause 16.8 the "Specified Date") such number of Ordinary Shares is to be determined by reference to the application of a formula or other variable feature or the occurrence of any event at some subsequent time (which may be when such Securities are converted or exchanged or rights of subscription are exercised or, as the case may be, such Securities are redesignated or at such other time as may be provided) then for the purposes of this clause 16.8, "C" shall be determined by the application of such formula or variable feature or as if the relevant event occurs or had occurred as at the Specified Date and as if such conversion, exchange, subscription, purchase or acquisition or, as the case may be, redesignation had taken place on the Specified Date.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Securities or, as the case may be, the grant of such rights.

If and whenever there shall be any modification of the rights of conversion, exchange or subscription attaching to any such Securities (other than the Bonds) as are mentioned in clause 16.8 (other than in accordance with the terms (including terms as to adjustment) applicable to such Securities upon issue) so that following such modification the consideration per Ordinary

Share receivable has been reduced and is less than 95% of the Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the Dealing Day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the proposals for such modification, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such modification by the following fraction:
A +B A+C

where: A
B
C

is the number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately before such modification (but where the relevant Securities carry rights of conversion into or rights of exchange or subscription for Ordinary Shares which have been issued, purchased or acquired by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (or at the direction or request or pursuant to any arrangements with the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer) for the purposes of or in connection with such issue, less the number of such Ordinary Shares so issued, purchased or acquired);
is the number of Ordinary Shares which the aggregate consideration (if any) receivable for the Ordinary Shares to be issued or otherwise made available upon conversion or exchange or upon exercise of the right of subscription attached to the Securities so modified would purchase at such Current Market Price per Ordinary Share or, if lower, the existing conversion, exchange or subscription price of such Securities; and
is the maximum number of Ordinary Shares which may be issued or otherwise made available upon conversion or exchange of such Securities or upon the exercise of such rights of subscription attached thereto at the modified conversion, exchange or subscription price or rate but giving credit in such manner as an Independent Financial Adviser shall consider appropriate for any previous adjustment under this clause 16.9 or clause 16.8.

Provided that if at the time of such modification (as used in this clause 16.9 the "Specified Date") such number of Ordinary Shares is to be determined by reference to the application of a formula or other variable feature or the occurrence of any event at some subsequent time (which may be when such Securities are converted or exchanged or rights of subscription are exercised or at such other time as may be provided) then for the purposes of this clause 16.9, "C" shall be determined by the application of such formula or variable feature or as if the relevant event occurs or had occurred as at the Specified Date and as if such conversion, exchange or subscription had taken place on the Specified Date.
Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of modification of the

rights of conversion, exchange or subscription attaching to such Securities.

16.10

If and whenever the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or (at the direction or request of or pursuant to any arrangements with the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer) any other company, person or entity shall offer any Securities in connection with which offer Shareholders as a class are entitled to participate in arrangements whereby such Securities may be acquired by them (except where the Conversion Price falls to be adjusted under clause 16.3, 16.4, 16.5, 16.7, 16.8 or 16.9 (or would fall to be so adjusted if the relevant issue or grant was at less than 95% of the Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the relevant Dealing Day) or under clause 16.6) the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately before the making of such offer by the following fraction:

A- B A

where:

A

is the Current Market Price of one Ordinary Share on the Dealing Day

immediately preceding the date on which the terms of such offer are

first publicly announced; and

B

is the Fair Market Value on the date of such announcement of the

portion of he relevant offer attributable to one Ordinary Share.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex-rights on the Exchange.

16.11

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, where the events or circumstances giving rise to any adjustment pursuant to this clause 16.11 have already resulted or will result in an adjustment to the Conversion Price or where the events or circumstances giving rise to any adjustment arise by virtue of any other events or circumstances which have already given or will give rise to an adjustment to the Conversion Price or where more than one event which gives rise to an adjustment to the Conversion Price occurs within such a short period of time that, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a modification to the operation of the adjustment provisions is required to give the intended result, such modification shall be made to the operation of the adjustment provisions as may be advised by an Independent Financial Adviser to be in its opinion appropriate to give the intended result.

16.12

For the purpose of any calculation of the consideration receivable or price pursuant to clauses 16.5, 16.7, 16.8 and 16.9, the following provisions shall apply:

16.12.1 the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Ordinary Shares issued for cash shall be the amount of such cash;

16.12.2 (x) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Ordinary Shares to be
issued or otherwise made available upon the conversion or exchange of any

Securities shall be deemed to be the consideration or price received or receivable for any such Securities and (y) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Ordinary Shares to be issued or otherwise made available upon the exercise of rights of subscription attached to any Securities or upon the exercise of any options, warrants or rights shall be deemed to be that part (which may be the whole) of the consideration or price received or receivable for such Securities or, as the case may be, for such options, warrants or rights which are attributed by the Issuer to such rights of subscription or, as the case may be, such options, warrants or rights or, if no part of such consideration or price is so attributed, the Fair Market Value of such rights of subscription or, as the case may be, such options, warrants or rights as at the date of the first public announcement of the terms of issue of such Securities or, as the case may be, such options, warrants or rights, plus in the case of each of (x) and (y) above, the additional minimum consideration receivable or price (if any) upon the conversion or exchange of such Securities, or upon the exercise of such rights or subscription attached thereto or, as the case may be, upon exercise of such options, warrants or rights and (z) the consideration receivable or price per Ordinary Share upon the conversion or exchange of, or upon the exercise of such rights of subscription attached to, such Securities or, as the case may be, upon the exercise of such options, warrants or rights shall be the aggregate consideration or price referred to in (x) or (y) above (as the case may be) divided by the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued upon such conversion or exchange or exercise at the initial conversion, exchange or subscription price or rate;

16.12.3 if the consideration or price determined pursuant to (a) or (b) above (or any component thereof) shall be expressed in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner it shall be converted into Norwegian Kroner at such rate of exchange as may be determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser to be the spot rate ruling at the close of business on the date of the first public announcement of the terms of issue of such Securities (or if no such rate is available on that date, the equivalent rate on the immediately preceding date on which such rate is available); and

16.12.4 in determining consideration or price pursuant to the above, no deduction shall be made for any commissions or fees (howsoever described) or any expenses paid or incurred for any underwriting, placing or management of the issue of the relevant Ordinary Shares or Securities or otherwise in connection therewith.

16.13

If the Conversion Date in relation to the conversion of any Bond shall be after any consolidation or sub-division as is mentioned in clause 16.1, or after the record date or other due date for the establishment of entitlement for any such issue, distribution, grant or offer (as the case may be) as is mentioned in clauses 16.3, 16.4, 16.5, 16.6 or 16.10, or after any such issue or grant as is mentioned in clauses 16.7 and 16.8, in any case in circumstances where the relevant Conversion Date falls before the relevant adjustment becomes

effective under clause 16 (such adjustment, a "Retroactive Adjustment"), then the Issuer shall (conditional upon the relevant adjustment becoming effective) procure that there shall be issued or delivered to the converting Bondholder, such additional number of Ordinary Shares (if any) (the "Additional Ordinary Shares") as, together with the Ordinary Shares issued or to be issued or delivered on conversion of the relevant Bond (together with any fraction of a Ordinary Share not so issued), is equal to the number of Ordinary Shares which would have been required to be issued or delivered on conversion of such Bond if the relevant adjustment (more particularly referred to in the said provisions of clause 16) to the Conversion Price had in fact been made and become effective immediately prior to the relevant Conversion Date. Additional Ordinary Shares will be delivered to Bondholders not later than 10 Banking Days following the date the relevant Retroactive Adjustment becomes effective (the " Reference Date").

16.14

No adjustment will be made to the Conversion Price where Ordinary Shares or other Securities (including rights, warrants and options) are issued, offered, exercised, allotted, appropriated, modified or granted to, or for the benefit of, employees or former employees (including Directors holding or formerly holding executive office or the personal service company of any such person) or their spouses or relatives, in each case, of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or any associated company or to trustees to be held for the benefit of any such person, in any such case pursuant to any employees' share or option scheme.

16.15

On any adjustment, the resultant Conversion Price, if not an integral multiple of USD 0.0001, shall be rounded down to the nearest whole multiple of USD 0.0001. No adjustment shall be made to the Conversion Price where such adjustment (rounded down if applicable) would be less than 1% of the Conversion Price then in effect. Any adjustment not required to be made, and/or any amount by which the Conversion Price has been rounded down, shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment, and such subsequent adjustment shall be made on the basis that the adjustment not required to be made had been made at the relevant time.

Notice of any adjustments to the Conversion Price shall be given by the Issuer to Bondholders and the Bond Trustee promptly after the determination thereof.

The Conversion Price shall not in any event be reduced to below the nominal value of the Ordinary Shares and the Issuer undertakes that it shall not take any action, and shall procure that no action is taken, that would otherwise result in an adjustment to the Conversion Price to below such nominal value. In the event the Conversion Price is reduced to below the nominal value of the Ordinary Shares, and the Conversion Price upon conversion therefore is set to the nominal value, the Borrower shall pay to the Bondholders the difference between the nominal value and the Conversion Price for each Ordinary Share that is converted.

16.16

"Current Market Price" means, in respect of an Ordinary Share at a particular date, the average of the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Ordinary Share for the five consecutive Dealing Days ending on the Dealing Day immediately preceding such date; provided that if at any time during the said five-dealing-day period the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price ex-Dividend (or ex- any other entitlement) and during some other part of that period the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price cum-Dividend (or cum- any other entitlement), then:

16.16.1 if the Ordinary Shares to be issued or transferred do not rank for the Dividend (or entitlement) in question, the Volume Weighted Average Price on the dates on which the Ordinary Shares shall have been based on a price cum-Dividend (or cum- any other entitlement) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of first public announcement of such Dividend (or entitlement); or

16.16.2 if the Ordinary Shares to be issued or transferred do rank for the Dividend (or
entitlement) in question, the Volume Weighted Average Price on the dates on which the Ordinary Shares shall have been based on a price ex-Dividend (or ex- any other entitlement) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be the amount thereof increased by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of first public announcement of such Dividend (or entitlement),

and provided further that, if on each of the said five Dealing Days the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price cum-Dividend (or cum- any other entitlement) in respect of a Dividend (or other entitlement) which has been declared or announced but the Ordinary Shares to be issued do not rank for that Dividend (or other entitlement) the Volume Weighted Average Price on each of such dates shall for the purposes of this definition be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of the first public announcement of such Dividend or entitlement, and provided further that, if the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Ordinary Share is not available on one or more of the said five Dealing Days, then the average of such Volume Weighted Average Prices which are available in that five-dealing-day period shall be used (subject to a minimum of two such prices) and if only one, or no, such Volume Weighted Average Price is available in the relevant period the Current Market Price shall be determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser.

"Dealing Day" means a day on which the Exchange is open for business, (other than a day on which the Exchange is scheduled to or does close prior to its regular weekday closing time).

"Dividend" means any dividend or any form of distribution to Shareholders (including a Spin-Off) whether of cash, assets or other property, and

whenever paid or made and however described (and for these purposes a distribution of assets includes without limitation an issue of Ordinary Shares, or other Securities credited as fully or partly paid up by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves) provided that:

(a)

where a Dividend in cash is announced which is to be, or may at the

election of a Shareholder or Shareholders be, satisfied by the issue

or delivery of Ordinary Shares or other property or assets, or where

a capitalisation of profits or reserves is announced which is to be, or

may at the election of a Shareholder or Shareholders be, satisfied by

the payment of the Dividend in cash, then for the purposes of this

definition the Dividend in question shall be treated as a Cash

Dividend of the greater of (i) such cash amount and (ii) the Fair

Market Value (on the date of the first public announcement of such

Dividend or capitalisation (as the case may be) or if later, the date on

which the number of Ordinary Shares (or amount of property or

assets, as the case may be) which may be issued or delivered is

determined), of such Ordinary Shares or other property or assets;

(b)

any issue of Ordinary Shares falling within clause 16.3 shall be

disregarded;

(c)

a purchase or redemption or buy back of share capital of the Issuer

by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer shall not constitute a

Dividend unless, in the case of purchases, redemptions or buy backs

of Ordinary Shares by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its

Subsidiaries, the weighted average price per Ordinary Share (before

expenses) on any one day (a "Specified Share Day") in respect of

such purchases, redemptions or buy backs (translated, if not in

Norwegian Kroner, into Norwegian Kroner at the spot rate ruling at

the close of business on such day as determined in good faith by an

Independent Financial Adviser (or if no such rate is available on that

date, the equivalent rate on the immediately preceding date on

which such rate is available), exceeds by more than 5% the average

of the closing prices of the Ordinary Shares on the Exchange (as

published by or derived from the Exchange) on the five Dealing Days

immediately preceding the Specified Share Day or, where an

announcement (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt for these

purposes, any general authority for such purchases approved by a

general meeting of Shareholders or any notice convening such a

meeting of Shareholders) has been made of the intention to

purchase Ordinary Shares at some future date at a specified price,

on the five Dealing Days immediately preceding the date of such

announcement, in which case such purchase shall be deemed to

constitute a Dividend in Norwegian Kroner to the extent that the

aggregate price paid (before expenses) in respect of such Ordinary

Shares purchased by the Issuer or, as the case may be, any of its

Subsidiaries (translated where appropriate into Norwegian Kroner as

provided above) exceeds the product of (i) 105% of the average closing price of the Ordinary Shares determined as aforesaid and (ii) the number of Ordinary Shares so purchased; and

(d)

if the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall purchase any receipts or

certificates representing Ordinary Shares, the provisions of

paragraph (c) shall be applied in respect thereof in such manner and

with such modifications (if any) as shall be determined in good faith

by an Independent Financial Adviser.

"Fair Market Value" means, with respect to any property on any date, the fair market value of that property as determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser provided, that (i) the Fair Market Value of a Cash Dividend paid or to be paid shall be the amount of such Cash Dividend; (ii) the Fair Market Value of any other cash amount shall be the amount of such cash; (iii) where Securities, Spin-Off Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded in a market of adequate liquidity (as determined by an Independent Financial Adviser), the fair market value (a) of such Securities or Spin-Off Securities shall equal the arithmetic mean of the daily Volume Weighted Average Prices of such Securities or Spin-Off Securities and (b) of such options, warrants or other rights shall equal the arithmetic mean of the daily closing prices of such options, warrants or other rights, in the case of both (a) and (b) during the period of five trading days on the relevant market commencing on such date (or, if later, the first such trading day such Securities or Spin-Off Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded); and (iv) in the case of (i) converted into Norwegian Kroner (if declared or paid in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner) at the rate of exchange used to determine the amount payable to Shareholders who were paid or are to be paid or are entitled to be paid the Cash Dividend in Norwegian Kroner; and in any other case, converted into Norwegian Kroner (if expressed in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner) at such rate of exchange as may be determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser to be the spot rate ruling at the close of business on that date (or if no such rate is available on that date the equivalent rate on the immediately preceding date on which such a rate is available).

"Independent Financial Adviser" means an independent investment bank of international repute appointed by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Bond Trustee or, if the Issuer fails to make such appointment and such failure continues for a reasonable period (as determined by the Bond Trustee ) and the Bond Trustee is indemnified and/or secured as to costs to its satisfaction against the costs, fees and expenses of such adviser, appointed by the Bond Trustee following notification to the Issuer.

"Reference Date" as described in clause 16.13

"Retroactive Adjustment" as described in clause 16.13

"Securities" as described in 16.16.

"Shareholders" means holders of Ordinary Shares.

"Spin-Off" means:

(a)

a distribution of Spin-Off Securities by the Issuer to Shareholders as

a class; or

(b)

any issue, transfer or delivery of any property or assets (including

cash or shares or securities of or in or issued or allotted by any

entity) by any entity (other than the Issuer) to Shareholders as a

class, pursuant in each case to any arrangements with the Issuer or

any of its Subsidiaries.

"Spin-Off Securities" means equity share capital of an entity other than the Issuer or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase equity share capital of an entity other than the Issuer.

"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, in respect of a Ordinary Share, Security or, as the case may be, a Spin-Off Security on any Dealing Day, the volume-weighted average price of a Ordinary Share, Security or, as the case may be, a Spin-Off Security published by or derived (in the case of a Ordinary Share) from the Exchange or (in the case of a Security or Spin-Off Security) from the principal stock exchange or securities market on which such Securities or Spin-Off Securities are then listed or quoted or dealt in, if any or, in any such case, such other source as shall be determined to be appropriate by an Independent Financial Adviser on such Dealing Day, provided that if on any such Dealing Day where such price is not available or cannot otherwise be determined as provided above, the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Ordinary Share, Security or a Spin-Off Security, as the case may be, in respect of such Dealing Day shall be the Volume Weighted Average Price, determined as provided above, on the immediately preceding Dealing Day on which the same can be so determined.

References to any issue or offer or grant to Shareholders "as a class" or "by way of rights" shall be taken to be references to an issue or offer or grant to all or substantially all Shareholders other than Shareholders to whom, by reason of the laws of any territory or requirements of any recognised regulatory body or any other stock exchange or securities market in any territory or in connection with fractional entitlements, it is determined not to make such issue or offer or grant.

In making any calculation or determination of Current Market Price or Volume Weighted Average Price, such adjustments (if any) shall be made as an Independent Financial Adviser considers appropriate to reflect any consolidation or sub-division of the Ordinary Shares or any issue of Ordinary Shares by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves, or any like or similar event.

16.17 If changes are made in the share capital other than those mentioned above, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders compared to the Shareholders, the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall agree on a new Conversion Price. This

also applies to other transactions, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders.

16.18

If the Conversion Price is below par value of the Ordinary Shares, par value of the Ordinary Shares still applies, and the Issuer shall upon conversion pay the Bondholders the difference between the par value of the Ordinary Shares and the Conversion Price.

16.19

If an adjustment of the Conversion Price requires a conversion to USD, the exchange rate shall be the official reference rate provided by the European Central Bank on the date triggering such adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, when calculating weighted averages over several days, each day should apply the official reference rate for that day.

17 17.1
17.2 17.3

Merger and de-merger
In the case of any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Issuer with any other corporation (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which the Issuer is the continuing corporation), or in the case of any sale or transfer of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Issuer, the Issuer will take such steps as shall be required by the Bond Trustee (including the execution of an agreement supplemental to or amending the Bond Agreement) to ensure that each Bond then outstanding will (during the period in which Conversion Rights may be exercised) be converted into the class and amount of shares and other securities and property receivable upon such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer by a holder of the number of Ordinary Shares which would have become liable to be issued upon exercise of Conversion Rights immediately prior to such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer. Such supplemental agreement deed will provide for adjustments which will be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in clause 16. The above will apply, mutatis mutandis to any subsequent consolidations, amalgamations, mergers, sales or transfers.
If the Issuer decides on a merger in which the Issuer is the acquiring company, and the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in the form of shares only, subject to confirmation from an Independent Financial Adviser that such is the case, no adjustment will be made to the Conversion Price. If the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in any other form, in full or partly, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted according to such provision of clause 16 as an Independent Financial Adviser shall determine to be most appropriate.
The provisions in this clause 17 have no limitation on the creditor's right of objection to the merger or de-merger (to the extent any such rights will apply in accordance with applicable law).

18 18.1

Covenants of the Obligors General

18.1 .1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this clause 18 to the Bond
Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

1 8 .1.2

The covenants in this clause 18 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive or amend any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

18.2 Information Covenants

18.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(i)

without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond

Trustee of any Event of Default, and without undue delay inform the

Bond Trustee of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or

should understand may lead to an Event of Default;

(ii)

without being requested to do so, (i) immediately inform the Bond

Trustee of any amendments to the maturity date of any of the Bank

Loan Guarantees and (ii) as soon as reasonably possible inform the

Bond Trustee of any on-going negotiations in connection with the

maturity date of any of the Bank Loan Guarantees;

(iii)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the

Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its

assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(iv) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements at least semi annually and make them available on its website in the English language (including any Quarterly Financial Reports) (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end of the second quarter (or, if quarterly reporting, the end of the relevant quarter);

(v)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, provide to the Bond Trustee

updates on the progression of the construction of the Vessel;

(vi) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(vii) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of any Group Company, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(viii)

without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange which have a negative impact on the Issuer's ability to satisfy its liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(ix) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register;

(x)

within a reasonable time and subject to regulations applicable to the

Obligors being followed, provide such information about the Obligors'

financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request;

(xi)

promptly upon becoming aware of them, and without being

requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of

any material litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings

which have been or might be started by or against the Obligors, and

other events which have occurred or might occur and which may

have a Material Adverse Effect;

(xii) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any event that results in an adjustment of the Conversion Price promptly thereafter;

(xiii)

following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, immediately after the Issuer becomes aware of it, notify the Bondholders (via the Securities Register), the Bond Trustee and (if listed) the Exchange thereof. The notice shall specify (i) the applicable Change of Control Conversion Price and early redemption price, (ii) the Bondholders' entitlement to exercise their Conversion Rights or to exercise their right to require redemption of the Bonds, (iii) the Change of Control Conversion Period and (iv) details concerning the Change of Control Event;

(xiv)

at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations; and

(xv) in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under clause 18.2.1(iv), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in clause 18. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

18.3 Retention Account

18.3.1

The Issuer shall maintain the Retention Account with the Account Bank. The Retention Account shall at all times be blocked and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

18.3.2

The Issuer shall transfer to the Retention Account, on a monthly basis, an amount equal to 1/3 of the sum of (i) the Base Interest and (ii) 0.75% p.a. payable on the A Bonds on the next Interest Payment Date. The first transfer shall be made on the 15th day of the calendar month falling on or after the Effective Date (whichever is first), and on the 15th in each calendar month thereafter. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

18.3.3

After the Runway Period, the Issuer shall transfer to the Retention Account, on a monthly basis, an amount equal to 1/3 of the instalment payable on the next Interest Payment Date.

18.3.4 The Issuer may only apply amounts outstanding on the Retention Account to pay scheduled instalments and interest accruing on the A Bonds.

18.4 Ranking and Security

18.4.1

The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer and secured on a first priority basis over the Vessel and the other assets secured by the Security Documents, and otherwise rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other creditors, except for obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.

18.4.2

The Obligors shall maintain the Security Documents in good condition and repair, and do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that such security remains duly created, enforceable and perfected first priority, at the expense of the Vessel Owner or the Issuer.

18.4.3 The Obligors shall upon delivery of the Vessel, establish a duly created, enforceable and perfected Mortgage and Assignment of Insurances.

18.5 Negative Pledge

The Issuer shall procure that the Vessel Owner shall not grant or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for (i) providing the Security Interest according to this Bond Agreement ii) pledge over bank accounts and (iii) any security arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services).

18.6 Change of Business, Disposal of Assets, Mergers and Demergers

18.6.1 The Issuer and the Vessel Owner shall not:

(i)

cease to carry on its business;

(ii)

sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations;

(iii)

change the nature of its business, other than expansion of the

business into related seismic activities;

(iv)

merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business, other

than solvent restructuring of the Group;

in a manner which (by itself or in a series of transactions) is likely to have a

Material Adverse Effect.

1 8 .6.2

Notwithstanding clause 18.6.1, the Vessel and the shares in the Vessel Owner may be sold to a 100% subsidiary (direct or indirect) of the Issuer, see clause 18.7.1(a). Furthermore, the Obligors may sell or dispose of any asset subject to the Security Interest if an amount equal to the Outstanding Bonds is paid into the Escrow Account. The Issuer may, however, release such funds from the Escrow Account provided that the Issuer prior to or in connection with the release of funds provides a duly created, perfected and enforceable first priority security comprising either of i) another vessel(s), ii) marketable securities and/or iii) asset(s) that can be converted quickly and easily into cash, which together with any remaining funds on the Escrow Account has a Fair Market Value which exceeds 105% of the Outstanding Bonds. The "Fair Market Value" of the security is determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations obtained from two independent and well-reputed brokers/valuators appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee. Such valuations shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, adjusted for the value of any existing contracts restricting the free use of the asset. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer. If the new valuation shows that the aggregate of the Fair Market Value of the security and the remaining funds on the Escrow Account is lower than 105% of the Outstanding Bonds, the Issuer shall pay an amount equal to such difference to the Escrow Account, within 7 Banking Days of becoming aware of such new valuation.

18.6.3

In connection with a permitted sale or disposal of any asset subject to the Security Interest pursuant to clause 18.6.2, any Security Interest over such asset shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected (at the expense of the Issuer), by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;

18.7 Change of Flag, Bare Boat Registration and Transfer of the Vessel

18.7.1 The Vessel Owner may

(a)

transfer the Vessel to any new company which is a 100% subsidiary

(direct or indirect) of the Issuer (a new Vessel Owner),

(b)

decide and alter the choice of flag, and/or

(c)

have the Vessel subject to a bare boat registration,

provided that

(a)

the Bond Trustee is notified thereof,

(b)

the Issuer procures that the Security Interest remains duly created

or re-created, perfected and enforceable at first priority (and

established in respect of all shares in a new Vessel Owner in the

event of a transfer of the Vessel), and

(c)

the Obligors take any steps and do any such acts and things which

the Bond Trustee reasonably may require in connection with the

establishment, perfection, discharge or other actions related to the

Security Interest, it being understood that the Bond Trustee shall in

respect of a bareboat registration, be satisfied (by way of a legal

opinion or other satisfactory confirmation) that the Security Interest

remains valid and that the bareboat registration may be deleted

upon an Event of Default, always subject to any relevant Quiet

Enjoyment Letter as set out in clause 19.

18.7.2

In the event that a new Vessel Owner is not directly owned by the Issuer, each direct or indirect owner of the Vessel Owner (other than the Issuer) shall issue a Guarantee.

18.8 Change classification society and insurers and management agreement

1 8 .8 .1

The Vessel Owner may change classification society and insurers without consent provided such classification society is a member of the International Association of Classification Societies (IACS) and the insurance companies have an S&P rating of at least BBB+.

1 8 .8.2

The Vessel may be subject to a management agreement provided the manager has no liens over any of the assets belonging to the Vessel Owner and shall only relate to the payment of management services pursuant to industry standard and ordinary termination rights.

18.9 Construction Contract

The Issuer and the Vessel Owner shall not make any negative material changes to the Vessel or her equipment (e.g. changes with a total value of USD 10 million or more compared to the estimated cap ex cost of the Vessel, changes which lead to a delay of 6 months or more on the shipbuilding contract) unless such changes are required pursuant to a customer contract (with a party not being a member of the Group) and pro-rata financed through the duration of said contract compared to the lifetime of the material change or required due to change of market conditions, always provided that the Bond Trustee has been notified.

18.10 Protection of Conversion Rights

18.10.1 The Issuer shall ensure that no action is taken that would reduce the
Conversion Price below the par value of the Ordinary Shares.

18.10.2 The Issuer shall use its best endeavours to ensure that the Ordinary Shares
remain listed on the Exchange.

18.11 Transactions with Shareholders, Directors and Affiliated Companies

The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which

any Group Company holds more than 10% of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third party.
18.12 Compliance with Laws
The Obligors shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations as well as all applicable laws and regulations relating to bribery and corrupt practises).
18.13 Lock up
Until and including 12 July 2011, the Issuer shall not issue (or agree to issue) any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Ordinary Shares or any derivative securities having an equivalent effect, subject to customary exceptions such as issue of employee stock options under already established programs.
18.14 Liquidity
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a minimum Liquidity of USD 10 million. This covenant shall apply at all times and on a consolidated basis for the Group, and will be tested on a quarterly basis. In the event of any breach of this covenant for any relevant period, the Issuer may, within 25 Banking Days of the reporting date, cf Clause 17.2.1 (xv), for that relevant period, remedy such breach by the issuance of new equity.

19

Covenants of the Bond Trustee

If the Vessel Owner enters into one or more contracts for the Vessel, it may demand that the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders enter into a "Quiet Enjoyment Letter" with the counterpart in such contract(s), securing that the contract will be honoured even in an Event of Default-situation, provided that i) the contract gives the Vessel Owner a free cash flow of minimum USD 10 million per year, and that ii) the rights of the Vessel Owner to the monetary claims under the contract are assigned for security purposes and on a floating charge basis only to the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders.

20 20.1

Fees and expenses
The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

20.2 20.3 20.4 20.5

The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to clause 20.2 and normal expenses pursuant to clauses 20.1 and 20.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
The Issuer shall deduct before payment to the Bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

21

Events of Default

21.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an " Event of Default"):

2 1.1.1 Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made within five (5) Banking Days following the original due date.

2 1.1.2 Breach of other obligations

Any Obligor fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

2 1.1.3 Cross default

Provided the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of USD 10,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee of any Group Company is

not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;

(ii)

any Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company is declared to be

or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity

as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii)

any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of any Group

Company is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an

event of default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).

2 1.1.4 Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

2 1.1.5 Insolvency

If for any Obligor, the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness,

winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of

voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other

than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;

(ii)

a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any

creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's or any Obligor's

ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets, provided that such enforcement has a Material Adverse Effect.

2 1.1.6 Creditors' process

If any Obligor has a substantial proportion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets and such step or procedure has a Material Adverse Effect.

2 1.1.7 Dissolution, appointment of liquidator or analogous proceedings

Any Obligor is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of such company.

2 1.1.8 Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

21.1.9 Litigation

There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company which, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee (after consultation with the Issuer) is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

2 1.1.10 Material Adverse Effect

Any event as described in 21.1.5 through 21.1.8 or other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

2 1.1 .1 1 Repudiation

The Issuer or the Vessel Owner repudiates this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document, or evidences an intention to repudiate this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document.

21.2

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in clause 21.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

21.3

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in clause 21.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:

2 1.3.1

for as long as there are any Outstanding A Bonds, the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding A Bonds and the Bondholders' Meeting of the A Bonds has not decided on other solutions; or

21.3.2

if there are no Outstanding A Bonds, the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from holders of Subordinated Bonds representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Subordinated Bonds and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions; or

21.3.3 if the Bondholders' Meeting has resolved to declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to clause 21.3.1 or 21.3.2, as applicable.

21.3.4 For the purpose of this Clause 20.3, when calculating the Outstanding A Bonds, any A Bonds held by the Issuer shall not be included.

21.4

In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of clauses 21.2 or 21.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, and any interest on overdue amounts and expenses accruing as of the Effective Date.

21.5

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Bond Agreement, any breach of a warranty under Clause 8 (Warranties), an undertaking under Clause 17 (Merger and de-merger), a covenant under Clause 18 (Covenants of the Obligors), or any Event of Default under Clause 21 (Events of Default) will not be deemed to be a breach of warranty, breach of undertaking, breach of covenant or an Event of Default if such breach is caused as a result of any of the events leading up to the Restructuring or any of the transactions contemplated by the Restructuring, and the Bondholders waive any breaches of this Bond Agreement that are reasonably necessary in order for the Issuer and any subsidiary to take the required actions to carry out the Restructuring and other actions contemplated by and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Restructuring.

22

Bondholders' meeting

22.1 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Bondholders' Meetings shall be held jointly for the A Bonds and the Subordinated Bonds, however so that on matters relating to rights assigned the A Bonds only, the holders of A Bonds shall vote separately (and any resolution so made shall be binding for all if sufficient majority of A Bonds is obtained). On other matters the holders of A Bonds and Subordinated Bonds shall vote together. The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to make any amendments to this Bond Agreement required as a consequence of any such resolutions.

22.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings
22.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(i)

the Issuer,

(ii)

Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding A Bonds

or at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Subordinated Bonds, as

applicable,

(iii) the Exchange, if theBonds are listed, or

(iv) the Bond Trustee.

22.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

22.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 Banking Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

22.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 Banking Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange (if listed) for publication.

22.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

22.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

22.2.7

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

22.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

22.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

22.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed -
representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an adviser. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

22.2 .11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders'
Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's

representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

22.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' meetings

22.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

22.3.2

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

22.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting (unless the A Bonds are to vote separately as per Clause 22.1, in which case half the Voting A Bonds will form a quorum). Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds (or where relevant Voting A Bonds) are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

22.3.4

Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds (or Voting A Bonds, where the A Bonds are to vote separately as per Clause 21.1) represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in clause 22.3.5.

22.3.5

In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required (unless the A Bonds are to vote separately as per Clause 21.1, in which case only at least 2/3 of Voting A Bonds represented shall be required):

(i)

amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the

interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and

conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;

(ii)

transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another

issuer (Issuer); or

(iii) change of Bond Trustee.

22.3.6

The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

22.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

22.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange (if any) shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

22.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

22.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to clause 22.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

22.4.2

When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

22.5 Written Resolutions

22.5.1

Subject to this Bond Agreement, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 22.1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.

22.5.2

The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.

22.5.3

The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time the Summons is sent from the Securities Register and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.

22.5.4

The provisions set out in Clause 22.1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting), 22.2 (Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings), Clause 22.3 (Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings) and Clause 22.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:

(a) the provisions set out in Clause 22.2.8, 22.2.10 and 22.2.11; or

(b) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 22.5 (Written Resolution),

shall not apply to a Written Resolution.

22.5.5 The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(a) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(b) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Banking Days but not more than fifteen (15) Banking Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 22.4

(Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Banking Days but not more than fifteen (15) Banking Days from the date of the Summons.

22.5.6

Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the Securities Register on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee will be counted in the Written Resolution.

22.5.7

A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in Clauses 22.3.4 or 22.3.5 has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be resolved if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.

22.5.8

The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.

22.5.9

If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in Clauses 22.3.3 to 22.3.5.

23

The Bond Trustee

23.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

23.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange (if any) of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

23.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

23.1.3

Except as provided for in clause 23.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

23.1.4

Except as provided for in clause 23.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in clause 23.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than 5 Banking Days following the dispatch of such notification.

23.1.5

The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to clauses 23.1.3 or 23.1.4 for matters set forth in clause 22.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

23.1.6

The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

23.1.7

The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange (if any) shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to clause 23.1.3 and/or 23.1.4 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

23.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the
Issuer's approval, as provided for in clause 22.3.5.

23.2 Liability and indemnity

23.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

23.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

23.3 Change of Bond Trustee

23.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

23.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in clause 20 (Fees and expenses), but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a

breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

23.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

23.4 Appointment of Security Agent

23.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as security agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as security agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the security agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a security agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed security agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

23.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the security agent may be determined by a securities agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor or any other party to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a security agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

23.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the security agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the security agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

24

Miscellaneous

24.1 The community of Bondholders

By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to clause 2 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that

24.1.1 the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

24.1.2 the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders;

24.1.3 the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond

Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register; and

24.1.4 this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other,

(ii)

the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act

directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal

proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the

Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond

Agreement,

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders,

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that

(v)

the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

24.2 Defeasance

24.2.1

This clause 24.2 does not apply to the Obligors' rights and obligations laid down in clause 18.6.2, and any security provided pursuant to clause 18.6.2 shall, thus, not be deemed to be a Defeasance Pledge.

24.2.2

The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see clause 24.2.3) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");

(i)

the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the

benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted

by the Bond Trustee (the " Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as

will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable

premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the

Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise

of a notified Call Option);

(ii)

the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal

opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that

the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income

tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a

result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will

be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same

manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the

Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;

(iii)

no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the

date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events

of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at

any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment of the pledge;

(iv)

neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results

in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument

binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other

corporate documents governing any Obligor;

(v)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate

signed by its chief executive officer that the Defeasance Pledge was

not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders

over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating,

hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or

others;

(vi) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its chief executive officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.

24.2.3 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under clause 24.2.1;

(i)

the Issuer shall be released from their obligations under all

provisions in clause 16 (Covenants), except clause 18.2 (Information

Covenants), however so that the Bond Trustee may give a waiver in

respect of the obligations therein;

(ii)

the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall

not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security

Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and

shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be

executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts

as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security

Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond

Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(iii)

any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be

discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably

possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of

deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant

register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;

(iv) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (i)- (iii) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

24.2.4

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

24.2.5

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

24.3 Limitation of claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

24.4 Access to information

24.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

24.4.2

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

24.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

24.6 Notices, contact information

24.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if any). Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

24.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if any).

24.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or by e-mail. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(i)

if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(ii)

if by e-mail, when received.

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.

24.6.4

The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

24.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

24.7.1

This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

24.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

24.7.3

This clause 24.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

=(==(= =i=

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

Bond Trustee

By: Position:

By: Position:

Appendix 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Nordic Trustee AS P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail:

mail@nordictrustee.com

[date]

Dear Sirs,

USD 125,000,000 5.6% Secured Convertible Bond Issue 2011/2016
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 18.2.1(xv) we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;
2. the covenants set out in clause 17 are satisfied; and
3. [only relevant for the fourth quarter reporting each year:] The Excess Cash Flow generated in [year] was USD [] of which USD [] is payable to holders of A Bonds in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement. Each Cash

Sweep Participant's part of the Excess Cash Flow to be distributed for [year] is set out in the below table:

R e c ip ie n t

Vessel

Base share*

No of Days as A ctive Vessel in th e p e rio d

Product

Bank Loan Facility POLARCUS ASIMA

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

A

Bank Loan Facility POLARCUS ALIMA

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

B

Bank Loan Facility POLARCUS ADIRA

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

C

IVAN GUBKIN

Bank Loan Facility (EX-POLARCUS

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

D

AMANI)

Bank Loan Facility N/A
Loan 3 Tranche B

[ ]%

* 365 =

E

New Fleet Facility

POLARCUS NADIA

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

F

Lenders

New Fleet Facility

POLARCUS NAILA

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

G

Lenders

A Bonds

VYACHESLAV TIKHONOV

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

H

SUM

Sum A to H= I

* To equal pro rata portion of the outstanding loans at the effective date

Percentage of Excess Cash Flow
A/ I B/ I C/ I D/ I
E/ I E/ I F/ I G/ I Sum all above = 100%

Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed. Yours faithfully, Polarcus Limited
Name of authorized person

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

Appendix 2

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Nordic Trustee AS P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail:

mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

USD 125,000,000 5.6% Secured Convertible Bond Issue 2011/2016

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee AS (previously Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied/to be applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

We hereby warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default, and that (ii) we repeat the warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Polarcus Limited

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

VESSEL UTILISATION NOTICE

Nordic Trustee AS P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail:

mail@nordictrustee.com

Dear Sirs,

Appendix 3 [date]

USD 125,000,000 5.6% Secured Convertible Bond Issue 2011/2016 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer. This notice is a Vessel Utilisation Notice for the quarter ended [DATE]. Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement. With reference to Clauses 10.6 and 11.1.3 we hereby certify that: 1. the number of days that the Vessel was on a Third Party Charter in [RELEVANT
QUARTER] is [] days, equal to []% of the quarter; 2. earnings under Third Party Charters for the Vessel in [RELEVANT QUARTER]
amounted to USD []; 3. in accordance with Clause 10.1 the holders of A Bonds will receive cash interest
of []% [and PIK interest of []%] on the next Interest Payment Date; and 4. in accordance with Clause 11.1.1 the holders of A Bonds will receive
amortisation of [] on the next Interest Payment Date. Yours faithfully,
Polarcus Limited
Name of authorized person

SCHEDULE 3 FORM OF AMENDED BOND AGREEMENT - MERGER DATE

ISIN NO 001 0607435 ISIN NO 001 0757263
AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT between Polarcus Limited (Issuer) and Nordic Trustee AS (Bond Trustee)
originally dated 26 April 2011 (as last amended and restated on 24 February 2016) as amended and restated as of the Effective Date in the bond issue
named "USD 125,000,000 5.6% Secured Convertible Bond Issue 2011/2016"

Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

1 INTERPRETATION...................................................................................... 3 2 THE BONDS............................................................................................ 13 3 LISTING................................................................................................. 14 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES REGISTER.......................................... 14 5 OFFER, PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS .......................................... 15 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT....................................................................... 15 7 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR UTILISATION............................................. 17 8 WARRANTIES......................................................................................... 17 9 STATUS OF THE BONDS, SECURITY AND INTER-CREDITOR ARRANGEMENTS .. 20 10 INTEREST............................................................................................... 21 11 INSTALMENTS, MATURITY OF THE BONDS, CALL OPTION, CHANGE OF CONTROL
............................................................................................................ 22 12 PAYMENTS.............................................................................................. 26 13 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS........................................................... 27 14 CONVERSION TERMS............................................................................... 28 15 ADJUSTMENT OF THE CONVERSION PRICE................................................. 29 16 MERGER AND DE-MERGER....................................................................... 43 17 COVENANTS OF THE OBLIGORS................................................................ 43 18 COVENANTS OF THE BOND TRUSTEE......................................................... 49 19 FEES AND EXPENSES............................................................................... 49 20 EVENTS OF DEFAULT............................................................................... 50 21 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING........................................................................ 53 22 THE BOND TRUSTEE................................................................................ 57 23 MISCELLANEOUS.................................................................................... 59

APPENDIX 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE APPENDIX 2 RELEASE NOTICE APPENDIX 3 VESSEL UTILISATION NOTICE

This amended and restated agreement (the "Bond Agreement") is effective as of the Effective Date and is entered into between:

(1)

Polarcus Limited (Cayman Island Company No 201867) as Issuer (the

"Issuer") and

(2)

Nordic Trustee AS (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as Bond Trustee

(the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

"A Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement with ISIN NO 001 0607435.

"Account Bank" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB, Oslo Branch or any other bank with a minimum "A" credit rating from S&P or Moody's.

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.

"Active Vessel" means:

(a)

each of Polarcus Asima, Polarcus Alima, Polarcus Adira and Polarcus

Naila; and

(b)

any other Cash Sweep Vessel that is not cold-stacked,

excluding any vessel in (a) or (b) above that is on a Third Party Charter.

"Additional Ordinary Shares" has the meaning as described in clause 15.13.

"Adjusted EBITDA" means the Group's consolidated quarterly rolling last twelve months EBITDA less multi-client cash investments.

"Amendment and Restatement Agreement" means an amendment and restatement agreement pursuant to which this Bond Agreement becomes effective, dated 21 February 2018.

"Assignment of the Construction Contract" means 1st priority assignment by way of security governed by the law of the Emirate of Dubai over the Construction Contract and all related documents, including all rights to any claims, refunds, or other payments to be received by the Vessel Owner in relation to the Construction Contract (including all refund guarantees provided as security for the Vessel Owner's claim for repayment of pre delivery instalments under the Construction Contract or delivery of owner's furnished equipment).

"Assignment of Insurances" means the 1st priority assignment of any

relevant insurance related to the Vessel and the Equipment.
"Assignment of Inter-Company Loans" means the assignment by way of security from the Issuer of all present and future loans to the Vessel Owner, including a right for the Bond Trustee to release those loans on enforcement.
"Attachment" means any attachments or appendices to this Bond Agreement.
"B Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement with ISIN NO 001 0757263.
"Banking Day" means a day when the Securities Register and the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System are open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.
"Bank Loan Facility" means the USD 410,000,000 bank facility dated 5 October 2011 with the Issuer as guarantor as most recently amended and restated by a fourth amended and restated facility agreement dated on or about the date of this Bond Agreement.
"Bank Loan Guarantees" means the guarantees issued by the Financing Parties securing the Bank Loan Facility, and a Bank Loan Guarantee means any of them.
"Base Interest" means 2.90% per annum.
"Bond Agreement" means this amended and restated bond agreement, including any attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in clause 21.
"Bonds" means the A Bonds and the B Bonds.
"Call Option" has the meaning as described in clause 11.3.
"Cash Sweep Participants" means the lenders under the Bank Loan Facility, the holders of A Bonds and the New Fleet Facility Lenders.
"Cash Sweep Vessels" means Polarcus Asima, Polarcus Alima, Ivan Gubkin (fka. Polarcus Amani), Polarcus Adira, Polarcus Nadia, Polarcus Naila and the Vessel.
"Cash and Cash Equivalent" means, on any date, the aggregate of the equivalent in USD on such date of the then current market value of:
(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an acceptable bank; and

(b) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an acceptable bank,

in each case, to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at that time and to which any such Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any Security. An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is:

(a) a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a rating of A- or higher by Standard & Poor's, Moody's or a comparable rating from a nationally recognised credit ranking agency for its long-term debt obligations; or

(b) a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking business in Norway.

"Cash Dividend" has the meaning as described in clause 15.4.

"Change of Control Conversion Date" means the date falling 10 Banking Days after a Bondholder has given a notice of conversion following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event.

"Change of Control Conversion Period" means the period commencing on the date on which a Change of Control Event occurs and ending 60 calendar days following such date or, if later, 60 calendar days following the notification of a Change of Control Event (cf. clause 17.2.1(viii)).

"Change of Control Conversion Price" shall have the meaning given in clause 11.7 (ii).

"Change of Control Event" means if and when, subsequent to the date hereof:

(i)

a shareholder of the Issuer or a group of shareholders acting in

concert, directly or indirectly acquire (including by purchase, merger

etc.) or have the right to cast, at a general meeting of the

shareholders of the Issuer, more than 50% of the votes that may

ordinarily be cast in a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer,

or

(ii)

the Ordinary Shares cease to be listed on an Exchange.

"Construction Contract" means the shipbuilding contract for the Vessel entered into between the Issuer and the Yard dated 15 May 2008 (as amended from time to time).
"Conversion Date" means the date falling 10 Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received an exercise notice pursuant to clause 14.4.
"Conversion Period" means the entire term of the Bonds, subject to the Conversion Right being exercised within the Exercise Period.
"Conversion Price" means USD 125.871 per Ordinary Share, and subject to adjustments as provided in clauses 11.4, 15 and 16.

"Conversion Right" means the right of each Bondholder to convert each Bond into Ordinary Shares at the Conversion Price in effect on the relevant Conversion Date, subject to clauses 11.4, 15 and 16.

"Current Market Price" has the meaning as described in clause 15.16

"Dealing Day" has the meaning as described in clause 15.16.

"Deed of Covenants" means the deed of covenants to be entered into between the Vessel Owner and the Bond Trustee in relation to the Mortgage.

"Dividend" has the meaning as described in clause 15.16.

"Effective Date" means the date when the Bond Trustee has confirmed that it has received all conditions precedent to be delivered pursuant to the Amendment and Restatement Agreement.

"Employment Contracts" means any contract for the employment of the Vessel, including intra-group employment contract.

"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.

"Equipment" means all fixed and loose marine and seismic equipment related to the Vessel including;

(a)

the design- and equipment contract with Ulstein Design AS;

(b)

the contract with Odim AS for back-deck towing and handling

system;

(c)

the contract with ION for in-sea positioning systems; and

(d)

the contract with Sercel Inc for 8x6 km streamer package plus

spares.

"Escrow Account" means an account held by the Issuer with the Account Bank, into which the net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred on the Issue Date. The account shall be blocked and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set-off rights.

"Escrow Account Pledge" means the 1st priority pledge over the Escrow Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in clause 20.1.

"Excess Cash Flow" means the annual net increase in cash and cash equivalents (as set out in the Issuer's annual consolidated cash flow statement) adding back the amount of any (i) investments in property, plant and equipment in excess of USD 20 million and less (ii) proceeds from (a)

issue of shares, (b) bank loans, (c) the issuance of bonds or other capital markets instruments, (d) sale of assets (other than late sales of the multi client library), (e) insurance claim proceeds used (or intended to be used) to effect repairs or purchase replacement assets within one year of receipt (other than insurance proceeds relating to total loss or constructive total loss of a vessel for which there is no time limit for reinvestment) and (f) mergers and acquisitions and (iii) increases attributable to movements in escrow and retention accounts.

"Exchange" means a securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Bonds and/or the Ordinary Shares are listed.

"Exercise Period" means the period commencing on the Issue Date and ending on the 10th Banking Day prior to the Maturity Date or, if earlier, the 10th Banking Day prior to the date of redemption pursuant to clause 11.4.1 (both days inclusive).

"Fair Market Value" has the meaning as described in clause 15.16.

"Finance Documents" means

(a)

this Bond Agreement,

(b)

the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to

in clause 19.2,

(c)

the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements

and other ancillary documentation relating thereto); and

(d)

any other document which is executed at any time by the Issuer in

relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a)

moneys borrowed, includingacceptance credit;

(b)

any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c)

the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase

contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a

finance or capital lease;

(d)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a

non-recourse basis);

(e)

any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is

treated as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its

acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred

payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or

financing the acquisition of that asset;

(g)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection

against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account);

(h)

any amounts raised under any other transactions having the

commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether

recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale or

purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee,

indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any

other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar

assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the

items referred to in (a) through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated or, as the case may be, consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from its board of directors.

"Financing Parties" means DNB Bank ASA, DVB Bank SE, Nordic Branch and Garanti-instituttet for Eksportkreditt (GIEK), being the lenders and/or guarantors under the Bank Loan Facility.

"Floating Charge" means the 1st priority floating charge (governed by Cayman Island law) over all assets of the Vessel Owner, including the Equipment (which to the extent possible will include IP-rights and operating manuals for the Vessel), but excluding any Employment Contracts with a duration of less than 9 months and earnings under such contracts as well as any bank accounts (it being understood that the Bond Trustee has no step-in rights in any Employment Contracts).

"GAAP" means the relevant accounting policies that apply to the Issuer, currently IFRS.

"Group" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries.

"Guarantee" means unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee from the Vessel Owner in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

"Independent Financial Adviser" has the meaning as described in clause 15.16.

"Interest Payment Date" means (i) with respect to the A Bonds, 27 January, 27 April, 27 July and 27 October each year and on the Maturity Date, and (ii) with respect to the B Bonds, 1 January and 1 July each year and on the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the

Business Day Convention.
"Issue Date" means 27 April 2011.
"Issuer's Bond(s)" means Bonds owned by the Group, or party or parties who have decisive influence over the Issuer (as defined in the Norwegian Limited Companies Act Section 1-3 (2) second sentence).
"Liquidity" means the aggregate of:
(a) book value of the Group's Cash and Cash Equivalents (on a consolidated basis); and
(b) any undrawn committed revolving credit lines available to the Group (but excluding committed revolving credit lines with less than six months to maturity).
"Managers" means ABG Sundal Collier ASA, DNB Markets ASA and Pareto Securities AS.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement and any Security Documents, provided always that in respect of Clauses 8.1.5, 8.1.10, 17.2.1 (xi) and 20.1.10, notwithstanding any wording in this definition to the contrary, the assessment of whether the event or occurrence has or would have materially adverse effect or could materially adversely affect any of the above, shall be based on a comparison to the situation as at the Effective Date.
"Maturity Date" means 1 July 2022 for the A Bonds and 1 January 2025 for the B Bonds.
"Mortgage" means the mortgage over the Vessel (including all equipment being legally part of the Vessel) representing 100% of the Bonds plus accrued interest and expenses to be registered on the Vessel's page in the applicable ship register, including the Deed of Covenants.
"New Fleet Facility" means the new fleet facility to be provided to the Group for acquiring the vessels "Polarcus Nadia" and "Polarcus Naila".
"New Fleet Facility Lenders" means the lenders under the New Fleet Facility.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, the lawful currency of Norway.
"Non-Cash Dividend" has the meaning as described in clause 15.4
"Obligor" means the Issuer and the Vessel Owner.
"Ordinary Shares" means ordinary shares in the Issuer with ISIN KYG7153K1085.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of

Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Outstanding A Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of A Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Outstanding B Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of B Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"PIK Bonds" has the meaning set out in Clause 10.6.
"Prevailing Rate" means, in respect of any Dealing Day, in respect of any currencies the spot rate of exchange between the relevant currencies prevailing at or around 12 noon (CET) on that Dealing Day as appearing on or derived from the Bloomberg (or such other information service provider that displays the relevant information) or, if such a rate cannot be determined at such time, the rate prevailing as at or about 12 noon (CET) on the immediately preceding day on which such rate can be so determined.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Reference Price" means the Conversion Price (as adjusted pursuant to Clauses 11.4, 15 and 16 divided by 1.325.
"Relevant Quarter" means the quarter ending on a Quarter Date immediately preceding an Interest Payment Date.

"Relevant Record Date" means:

(a)

the date falling three (3) Banking Days after the summons for a

Written Resolution has been published; or,

(b)

if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been

reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (a) above, on the date

falling on the Banking Day immediately prior to the date on which

the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been

passed with the requisite majority.

"Restructuring" means the "Restructuring" as such term is defined in the summons to the bondholders' meeting for the Bond Issue dated 26 January 2018.

"Retention Account" means an account held by the Issuer with the Account

Bank in order to service interest on the Bonds and to be funded in accordance with Clause 17.3. The account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set-off rights.

"Retention Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Retention Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

"Runway Period" means the period from and including 1 January 2018 to and not including 1 January 2022.

"Securities Register" means the Norwegian Central Securities Register (VPS) in which the Bond Issue is registered.

"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Securities Registration Act" means the Norwegian act on the registration of financial instruments (the Securities Registration Act) of 5 July 2002 No. 64.

"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.

"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Document, including but not limited to:

(a)

the Escrow Account Pledge;

(b)

the Retention Account Pledge;

(c)

the Mortgage;

(d)

the Deed of Covenant;

(e)

the Floating Charge;

(f)

the Assignment of Insurances;

(g)

the Assignment of the Construction Contract;

(h)

the Share Pledge;

(i)

the Assignment of Inter-Company Loans; and

(j)

the Guarantee.

"Share Pledge" means the 1st priority pledge charge granted by the Issuer over all of the shares (100%) in the Vessel Owner together with, among other deliverables, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) from all board members as well as a covenant to obtain letters of resignation from future board members.

"Shareholders" means holders of Ordinary Shares.
"Specified Date" has the meaning as described in clause 15.8 or, as the case may be, clause 15.9.
"Specified Share Day" has the meaning as described in clause 15.16.
"Spin-Off" has the meaning as described in clause 15.16.
"Spin-Off Securities" has the meaning as described in clause 15.16.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Tikhonov Charter" means the bareboat charterparty for the Vessel entered into between Polarcus Selma Limited and SCF Sakhalin Supply Limited on 10 August 2011 (as supplemented and amended from time to time).
"Third Party Charter" means a bareboat charter contract for the Vessel between a Group company and a non-Group company.
"Unsecured NOK Bonds" means bonds issued under the Issuer's bond issue Fixed Rate Polarcus Limited Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019 with ISIN NO 001 0714389 pursuant to the Unsecured NOK Bond Agreement.
"Unsecured USD Bonds" means bonds issued under the Issuer's bond issue 8 per cent Polarcus Limited Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018 with ISIN NO 001 0680150 pursuant to the Unsecured USD Bond Agreement.
"Unsecured NOK Bond Agreement" means the Fixed Rate Polarcus Limited senior unsecured callable bond agreement entered into between the Issuer as issuer and the Bond Trustee as bond trustee, as amended and restated on or about the date of this Agreement.
"Unsecured USD Bond Agreement" means the Fixed Rate Polarcus Limited senior unsecured callable bond agreement entered into between the Issuer as issuer and the Bond Trustee as bond trustee, as amended and restated on or about the date of this Agreement.
"USD" means the lawful currency of the United States of America.
"Vessel" means mv "Vyacheslav Tikhonov" ex-"Polarcus Selma" IMO No. 9538115.
"Vessel Owner" means i) Polarcus Selma Ltd., incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands, being a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer, or ii) any other company which acquires the Vessel pursuant clause 17.7.2.
"Vessel Utilisation Notice" means a notice from the Issuer to the Bond

Trustee in the form attached to this Bond Agreement as Appendix 3.

"Voting A Bonds" means the Outstanding A Bonds less the Issuer's A Bonds.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

"Volume Weighted Average Price" has the meaning as described in clause 15.16.

"Working Capital Agreement" means a working capital facility agreement dated 9 April 2015 (as amended and restated), entered into by, among others, certain subsidiaries of the Issuer as borrowers and Polarcus Shipholding AS as guarantor and DNB Bank ASA as lender for general corporate and working capital purposes.

"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 21.5 (Written Resolutions).

"Yard" means Drydocks World - Dubai LLC, UAE.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease of reference only;

(b)

words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice

versa;

(c)

references to clauses are references to the clauses of this Bond

Agreement;

(d)

references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise

stated herein;

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it

may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the

appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any

determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions

relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm,

partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body

corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any

agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate

legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature of the Bond Agreement

The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond

2.2
2.2.1 2.2.2
2.2.3 2.2.4
2.3

Agreement and the Finance Documents on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been duly registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also clause 23.1.
The Bond Issue
The Issuer has resolved to issue a convertible loan in the original aggregate amount of USD 125,000,000, each Bond with a denomination of USD 1.
The Bond Issue is described as "5.6% Secured Convertible Bond Issue 2011/2016".
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0607435 (for the A Bonds) and NO 001 0757263 (for the B Bonds).
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the relevant Maturity Date, or earlier if all of the Bonds are redeemed or converted into Ordinary Shares prior to such Maturity Date following (i) the Bondholders' exercise of their Conversion Right, (ii) the Issuer's exercise of the Call Option, and/or (iii) otherwise pursuant to the terms set forth herein.
Purpose and utilization
The net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of fees of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be used by the Issuer to finance the construction and completion of the Vessel and acquisition of all relevant seismic equipment; hereunder to make payments under the Construction Contract, payments for equipment, payments of project costs, interest cost, site administration costs and other payments related to constructing and equipping the Vessel including without limitations acquisition of the shares of the Vessel Owner, financing of earlier acquired and paid equipment related to the Vessel, and capex related to the Vessel in all such respects.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on anExchange, butshall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires.

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration inthe Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior todisbursement beregistered in

the Securities Register in accordance with the Securities Register Act and the terms of the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes to any of the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of any such notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Offer, Purchase and Transfer of Bonds

5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard

to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a

Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its

registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must

ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at its own cost

and expense.

5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.

5.4 The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In addition to the subscription agreement each initial purchaser will be required to execute, and each US investor that wishes to purchase Bonds, will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form determined by the Issuer, stating, among other things, that the purchaser is a QIB.

5.5

Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer the

Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US

Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a

QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account,

or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given and that the resale,

pledge or other transfer may only be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c)

outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US

Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the

US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Issuance of the Bonds and disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to

the Issuer's Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a)

the Bond Agreement duly executed;

(b)

confirmation that the Construction Contract is duly executed and

made effective;

(c)

the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to

expenses and fees set out in clause 19.2, duly executed;

(d)

the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties

thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and

consents from the Account Bank);

(e)

certified copies of the constitutional documents of the Issuer and the

Vessel Owner;

(f)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the

Bonds, to execute the agreements or documents set out in clauses

(a) through (d);

(g)

a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their

execution of the relevant agreements or documents set out in

clauses ((a) through (d), or extracts from the relevant register or

similar documentation or corporate resolutions evidencing the

individuals authorized to sign on behalf of each such party;

(h)

documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as

set out in clause 2.1;

(i)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the

Bond Issue;

(j)

confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been

registered in the Securities Register;

(k)

the Issuer's most recent Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial

Report;

(l)

confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the

Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus

directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled

or are not applicable;

(m) copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Managers in connection with the Bond Issue; and

(n)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond

Trustee.

6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in clause 6.1.

6.3

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account is

subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Managers and

the Paying Agent confirming that the documents listed in clause 6.1 (to the

extent applicable) have been controlled and that the required conditions

precedent are fulfilled.

6.4 Subject to the conditions set out in clause 6.1, and following receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to clause 6.3, ABG Sundal Collier ASA shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

7

Conditions Precedent for Utilisation

7.1 The proceeds on the Escrow Account may only be utilised (i) in accordance with the purpose of this Bond Issue as set out in clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization), and any release from the Escrow Account is subject to the following:

(a)

a duly executed release notice from the Issuer substantially in the

form set out in Appendix 2 hereto, confirming, inter alia, that no

Event of Default has occurred, or is likely to occur;

(b)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be

released has been or will be applied to make payments in accordance

with the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in clause 2.3;

(c)

all Security Documents (other than the Mortgage and Assignment of

Insurances) being duly executed and perfected;

(d)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute the

Security Documents set out in clause (c); and

(e)

all legal opinions related to the execution and perfection of the

Security Documents and the necessary corporate resolutions having

been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond

Trustee.

7.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in clause 7.1.

7.3 The proceeds on the Escrow Account may be released through several drawings subject to a duly executed release notice as stated in clause 7.1(b) supported by invoices or other documentation.

8 8.1 8.1.1

Warranties
The Issuer warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:
Status
Each Obligor is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

8.1.2 8.1.3
8.1.4 8.1.5 8.1.6

Power and authority
Each Obligor has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party as well as the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein and upon registration of applicable Security Interests in the public registers of the jurisdictions concerned) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable in order to render said documents enforceable against the Obligor, or in order for any Security Interest created (or to be created) by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.
Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by each Obligor of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party, and the transactions contemplated thereby, do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its memorandum of association, bye-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on each of the Issuer or the Vessel Owner or any of its assets.
No event of default
No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on any Obligor or any of its assets and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for each Obligor in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Obligors to carry on their business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained

and are in full force and effect.
8.1.7 Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
8.1.8 Financial Statements etc.
The most recently audited Financial Statements and the most recent Quarterly Financial Report of the Issuer reflect, fairly and accurately the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
8.1.9 No undisclosed liabilities
As of the date of the most recently audited Financial Statements, the Obligors had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments, which were not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
8.1.10 No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Obligors that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, except for such changes which are publicly known through stock exchange announcements by the Issuer.
8.1 .1 1 No misleading information
All financial information provided to the subscribers of Bonds and/or to the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represents the latest available financial information concerning the Issuer, and there has been no change in the Issuer's financial position which could have a Material Adverse Effect.
8.1.12 Environmental compliance
Each Obligor is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation, and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
8.1.13 Intellectual property
The Vessel Owner has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trademarks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets, rights and interests.

8.1.14 No withholdings
Neither of the Obligors is required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which they may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
8.1.15 Pari passu ranking
The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
8.1.16 Encumbrances
No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Obligor in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
8.1.17 Construction Contract
The Construction Contract is in full force and effect, and no default or event of default has occurred.
8.1.18 Compliance with laws
The Vessel shall not be utilised in conflict with applicable laws and regulations which it is subject to from time to time.
8.1.19 Conversion right
The Issuer will have the authority to issue and allot, free from pre-emption rights, sufficient Ordinary Shares to enable the Conversion Right to be satisfied in full at the Conversion Price.
8.2 Misrepresentation
In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of any reliance on the warranties provided herein.

9

Status of the Bonds, security and inter-creditor arrangements

9.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer and shall be secured by the Security Interests and otherwise rank at least pari passu with all the claims of the other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (save for such claims which are mandatorily preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).

9.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests on a first priority basis.

9.3

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under this Bond Agreement, the

holders of A Bonds may act in accordance with Clause 20.3 without prior

consent from the holders of the B Bonds. In connection with any enforcement of any Security Interest (including for the avoidance of doubt decision of whether to enforce or not), the holders of B Bonds shall comply with any instructions given by the Bond Trustee on behalf of the holders of A Bonds. The rights of the holders of B Bonds shall be contractually subordinated to the rights of holders of A Bonds with respect to any proceeds deriving from enforcement of any Security Interest. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Bond Trustee nor the Issuer shall be liable to any Bondholder when complying with instructions received from holders of A Bonds pursuant to Clause 20.3.

9.4 The proceeds derived from any sale or enforcement (whether involuntary or voluntary) of any Security Interest shall be applied as follows:

(i)

first, towards payment of any costs and expenses incurred by the

Bond Trustee in connection with enforcement of Security Interest;

(ii)

second, towards payment of due but unpaid interest on the A Bonds;

(iii) third, towards payment of due but unpaid principal on the A Bonds;

(iv) fourth, towards payment of due but unpaid interest on the B Bonds; and

(v)

fifth, towards payment of due but unpaid principal on the B Bonds.

10 10.1

Interest

The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the A Bonds as follows:

(i)

if the Vessel has been on a Third Party Charter in a Relevant Quarter,

cash interest at a fixed rate of 5.6% per annum; and

(ii)

if the Vessel has not been on a Third Party Charter in a Relevant

Quarter, cash interest equal to the Base Interest plus cash and

payment in kind interest per annum in accordance with the table

below (based on the Issuer's Adjusted EBITDA for the Relevant

Quarter):

Adjusted EBITDA

Cash

PIK

Total

<35 million

0.75%

0.375%

1.125%

35-50 million

1.00%

0.375%

1.375%

50-75 million

1.75%

0.375%

2.125%

75-90 million

2.75%

0.375%

3.125%

>90 million

3.25%

0.375%

3.625%

10.2 For any Relevant Quarter where the Vessel has been on a Third Party Charter for only part of that Relevant Quarter, interest payable on the A Bonds will be

adjusted based on the number of days that hire was payable under a Third Party Charter.

10.3 Interest payments on the A Bonds shall be made quarterly in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates.

10.4 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the B Bonds at a rate of 5% per annum as payment in kind.

10.5

Interest payments on the B Bonds shall be made semi-annually in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates in July and January each year. No interest shall accrue on the B Bonds prior to 1 July 2018 and the first Interest Payment Date is 1 January 2019.

10.6

Interest payments made as payment in kind will be made by the issuance of additional bonds ("PIK Bonds"). PIK Bonds will be added to the principal amount of Outstanding Bonds (adjusted according to applicable rounding procedures of the Securities Depository to avoid fractions of Bonds) and shall be issued on the relevant Interest Payment Date. Interest on PIK Bonds will accrue from and including such Interest Payment Date.

10.7

For the purposes of calculating interest payable by the Issuer on the A Bonds in accordance with this Clause 10, the Issuer shall send a Vessel Utilisation Notice to the Bond Trustee and the Paying Agent no later than 10 Banking Days after each Quarter Date.

10.8

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

10.9

The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months, unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).

10.10 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face x Value

Interest Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

11

Instalments, Maturity of the Bonds, Call Option, Change of Control

11.1 Instalments and Maturity

11.1.1 During the Runway Period, the Issuer shall repay the A Bonds as follows:

(i)

USD 1.15 million for any Relevant Quarter that the Vessel has been

on the Tikhonov Charter. For any Relevant Quarter where the Vessel

has been (a) on a Third Party Charter other than the Tikhonov

Charter or (b) on the Tikhonov Charter with adjusted charter hire

from the applicable rate on the Effective Date, instalments in an

amount equal to 32% of the Vessel's charter earnings for that

Relevant Quarter; and

(ii)

For any Relevant Quarter that the Vessel has not been on a Third

Party Charter, the Issuer shall not make any amortisation payments

on the A Bonds (except for any payment made pursuant to Clause

11.2).

The instalments will be based on the Vessel's actual charter earnings in the immediately preceding quarter.

11.1.2

For any Relevant Quarter where the Vessel has been on a Third Party Charter for only part of that Relevant Quarter, amortisation payable on the A Bonds will be reduced pro rata based on the number of days in the Relevant Quarter that hire was payable under a Third Party Charter. After the Runway Period, the Issuer shall repay the A Bonds by quarterly instalments of USD 1,750,000 and the first repayment after the Runway Period shall occur on 27 January 2022 and then on each Interest Payment Date thereafter.

11.1.3

For the purposes of calculating amortisation payable by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11, the Issuer shall send a Vessel Utilisation Notice to the Bond Trustee and the Paying Agent no later than 10 Banking Days after each Quarter Date.

11.1.4 The Issuer shall repay the B Bonds on the Maturity Date (no instalments).

11.1.5

The payment of instalments to the holders of A Bonds as set out in this Clause 11.1 shall be carried out in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository.

11.1.6 Any Bonds outstanding shall be repaid on the Maturity Date at par (100%) (unless the Bonds are previously redeemed or converted).

11.2 Cash Sweep

11.2.1

During the Runway Period, if the Excess Cash Flow is positive for a financial year during the Runway Period, the Issuer shall make cash sweep payments to the Cash Sweep Participants based on the Excess Cash Flow generated by the Group. The calculation of Excess Cash Flow will be made for the first time in 2019 with respect to the Group's 2018 financial year.

11.2.2

The amount payable by the Issuer to the Cash Sweep Participants ("Cash Sweep Payments") is equal to 70% of any Excess Cash Flow from the Group in a financial year.

11.2.3

Excess Cash Flow will be distributed pro rata between the Cash Sweep Participants on the loans that have financed an Active Vessel in that period and tranche B of loan 3 under the Bank Loan Facility, based on outstanding

loan amounts at the Effective Date. If a vessel is an Active Vessel for parts of a calendar year, the interest in the Excess Cash Flow for the loan financing that vessel shall be adjusted pro rata for the part of a year during which the vessel was an Active Vessel. Tranche B of loan 3 under the Bank Loan Facility will always participate in the cash sweep as if that loan had been secured by an Active Vessel for the whole calendar year.

1 1 .2.4

The Issuer shall make Cash Sweep Payments before 30 April each year that the cash sweep applies to a separate account in the name of the Issuer with DNB Bank ASA as account bank, pledged and blocked in favour of the agent for the Bank Loan Facility (the "Agent"). Any Excess Cash Flow standing on such account shall be promptly distributed by the Agent to the relevant Cash Sweep Participants.

1 1 .2.5

Any Cash Sweep Payments to the holders of A Bonds shall be applied proportionally between the holders of A Bonds and be treated as amortization payments reducing the payment due on the Maturity Date and, if greater than the sum due on the Maturity Date, shall reduce successive preceding instalments.

1 1 .2.6

The Issuer shall include in its compliance certificate for the fourth quarter of each year the Excess Cash Flow for the preceding year, the amount payable to holders of A Bonds and the distribution of Excess Cash Flow between the Cash Sweep Participants.

11.3 Call Option

1 1 .3.1 The Issuer may redeem the A Bonds at its par value plus accrued interest:

(a)

on or after the date falling 3 years and 21 Dealing Days after 27 April

2011, with a 20 Banking Days' notice period, provided that the Parity

Value has exceeded USD 1.3 on each of at least 20 Dealing Days

within a period of 30 consecutive Dealing Days ending on the Dealing

Day prior to the giving of notice of redemption,

(b)

at any time during the term of the A Bonds, provided that 90% or

more of the A Bonds issued on the Issue Date has been redeemed,

converted into Ordinary Shares or purchased and cancelled.

Should the Issuer exercise this option ("Call Option"), the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Register) not more than 40 nor less than 20 Banking Days before the date of redemption. For the avoidance of doubt, each Bondholder may within the Exercise Period elect to exercise its Conversion Right after having received the Issuer's Call Option notice.

For the purpose of this clause, "Parity Value" means, in respect of any Dealing Day, the USD amount calculated as follows:

PV

= N x VWAP

where

PV

= the Parity Value

N

= the number of Ordinary Shares determined by

dividing USD 1.0 by the Conversion Price in

effect on such Dealing Day (rounded down, if

necessary, to the nearest whole number of

Ordinary Shares).

VWAP

= the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Ordinary Share on such Dealing Day translated into USD at the Prevailing Rate on such Dealing Day (provided that if on any such Dealing Day the Ordinary Shares shall have been quoted cum-Dividend or cum-any other entitlement, the closing price on such Dealing Day shall be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of first public announcement of such Dividend or entitlement (or, if that is not a Dealing Day, the immediately preceding Dealing Day).

1 1 .3.2 The Issuer may redeem the B Bonds in whole or in part (Call Option) at
100% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.

11.3.3

Partial redemption of Bonds (other than A Bonds) pursuant to this Clause 11.3 must be carried out pro rata between the B Bonds, the Unsecured USD Bonds and the Unsecured NOK Bonds (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

11.4 Change of control

1 1 .4.1

If a Change of Control Event has occurred, each Bondholder holding Bonds shall at any time in the Change of Control Conversion Period be entitled, at its option, to:

(i)

require early redemption of its Outstanding Bonds at 100% of their

par value plus accrued interest; or

(ii)

convert its Outstanding Bonds at the Change of Control Conversion

Price, which shall be calculated as set out below, but in each case

adjusted, if appropriate, as set out in clauses 15 and 16.

COCCP = [RP x (n - n)]+[(OCP Xn)] N
where:

COCCP is the Change of Control Conversion Price;

RP OCP N n

is the Reference Price;
is the current Conversion Price on the relevant Conversion Date (but not adjusted for the Change of Control Event);
is the number of days from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; and
is the number of days from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date of the Change of Control Event.

1 1 .4.2

To exercise either such option, a Bondholder must, via its VPS account manager, notify the Paying Agent within the Change of Control Conversion Period.

1 1 .4.3 In the event of an early redemption pursuant to this clause 11.4, settlement
shall be 3 Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received such request.

1 1 .4.4

In the event of conversion pursuant to this clause 11.4, the Issuer shall as soon as possible, but in no event later than on the Change of Control Conversion Date, issue to and in the names of the relevant Bondholder the number of Ordinary Shares which are necessary in order to fulfil the Issuer's obligations to issue new Ordinary Shares to the relevant Bondholder pursuant to its Conversion Rights.

1 1 .4.5

The number of Ordinary Shares required to be issued shall be determined by dividing the principal amount of the Bonds by the Change of Control Conversion Price in effect on the relevant Conversion Date.

1 1 .4.6

The terms set out in clauses 14, 15 and 16 shall (to the extent applicable) apply for any conversion of Bonds to Ordinary Shares according to this clause 11.4.

1 1 .4.7

The Bondholders shall not be entitled to exercise a put option in accordance with this Clause 11.4 as a consequence of a Change of Control Event which is triggered as a consequence of the Restructuring.

12

Payments

12.1 Payment mechanics

12 .1.1

The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

12 .1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however clause 12.2 (Currency).

12.2 Currency

12 .2.1

Each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be considered to have been made at that date.

12 .2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, a Bondholder has not given such instruction as set out in clause 12.2.1 within 5 Banking Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Register.

12 .2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities
shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

12.3 Set-off and counterclaims

Neither of the Obligors may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

12.4 Interest in the event of late payment

12 .4.1

In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to clause 10 (Interest) plus 5.00 percentage points per annum.

12 .4.2

The interest charged under this clause 12.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

12 .4.3

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to 20.1.1, cf. clauses 20.2 through 20.4.

12.5 Irregular payments

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in clauses 12.1 or 12.2. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

13

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Issuer and its Subsidiaries have the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

14 14.1 14.2 14.3 14.4 14.5
14.6
14.7 14.8

Conversion terms

Each Bondholder may exercise one or more of his Conversion Right(s) at the Conversion Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided that notification thereof is given pursuant to clause 14.4.

The Conversion Right cannot be separated from the Bond.

The number of Ordinary Shares to be issued on exercise of a Conversion Right shall be determined by dividing the principal amount of the relevant Bond or Bonds by the Conversion Price in effect on the relevant Conversion Date. The Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms set out in clauses 14, 15 and 16.

In order to exercise a Conversion Right, the Bondholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent (via its Account Manager) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice stating the number of Bonds which shall be converted. The Account Manager will then promptly forward the notice to the Issuer (via the Paying Agent).

Subject to clause 14.6, conversion will be effected by a set-off of the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted against the issuing of the whole number of Ordinary Shares resulting from dividing the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted by the applicable Conversion Price. Any excess amount beyond the whole number of Ordinary Shares converted by the Bonds shall fall to the Issuer and accordingly fractions of Ordinary Shares will not be issued or transferred upon exercise of a Conversion Right and no cash payment will be made in lieu thereof.

Notwithstanding clause 14.5, upon the exercise of the Conversion Right, the Issuer may for each Bond that is converted, exercise an option ("Cash Settlement Option") to redeem the Bond by

(a)

Settling the principal amount (USD 1.0) in cash, and

(b)

Issuing a number of shares equal to the difference between the

Parity Value and USD 1.0, divided by VWAP, where the Parity Value

and VWAP, is as defined in clause 11.2, and the Dealing Day is the

day when the Bondholders exercise their Conversion Rights.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may elect to exercise its Cash Settlement Option regardless of the Conversion Right being exercised upon the occurrence of Change of Control Event or the Issuer having exercised its Call Option or any other event.

To exercise the Cash Settlement Option the Issuer must give a written notice to such effect to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders via the Securities Register no later than 5 Banking Days after the Issuer's receipt from the Account Manager of the signed exercise notice as set out in clause 14.4.

The Issuer shall pay all (if any) taxes and capital, stamp, issue and registration duties payable in Norway or Cayman Island arising on conversion and on the issue and delivery of Ordinary Shares upon conversion. Interest

accrued since the last Interest Payment Date but not due on a Conversion Date, shall not be paid to the Bondholders, but shall accrue to the Issuer unless the Conversion Date shall fall on a Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date, then interest due shall be paid to the relevant Bondholder.

14.9 The Issuer shall (if relevant via the Paying Agent) on or with effect from the Conversion Date

(a)

carry the conversion into effect by issuing the correct number of new

Ordinary Shares,

(b)

ensure the due registration of the new Ordinary Shares in the

Securities Register (at the account of the converting Bondholder),

(c)

and listing of the new Ordinary Shares on the Exchange (and shall

deliver any such documents and do any acts necessary in relation

thereto),

(d)

effect payment of the principal amount of each Bond which shall be

settled in cash upon the exercise of the Cash Settlement Option, and

(e)

ensure that Bonds are discharged.

14.10

Ordinary Shares issued upon conversion of the Bonds will be fully paid and will in all respects rank pari passu with the issued Ordinary Shares on the relevant Conversion Date.

15 15.1
15.2

Adjustment of the Conversion Price
Upon the happening of any of the events described below, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted as follows:
In the event the arithmetic average of the Volume Weighted Average Price of an Ordinary Share for 20 consecutive Dealing Days immediately prior to 27 October 2012 is lower than the Reference Price, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted and calculated as the product of i) such Volume Weighted Average Price and ii) 1.325, provided, however that the Conversion Price shall not be adjusted by an amount which is higher than 20% of the Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall become effective on 27 October 2012.
If and whenever there shall be a consolidation or subdivision of the Ordinary Shares, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such consolidation or subdivision by the following fraction:
A B
where:

A

is the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately

before such consolidation or subdivision, as the case may be; and

B

is the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately after,

and as a result of, such consolidation or subdivision, as the case may be.

15.3

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date the consolidation or subdivision, as the case may be, takes effect.
If and whenever the Issuer shall issue any Ordinary Shares credited as fully paid to the Shareholders by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves (including any share premium account or capital redemption reserve) other than (1) where any such Ordinary Shares issued instead of the whole or part of a Dividend in cash which the Shareholders would or could otherwise have received or (2) where the Shareholders may elect to receive a Dividend in cash in lieu of such Ordinary Shares, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such issue by the following fraction:
A B
where:

15.4

A

is the aggregate nominal amount of the Ordinary Shares in issue

immediately before such issue; and

B

is the aggregate nominal amount of the Ordinary Shares in issue

immediately after such issue.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Ordinary Shares.

If and whenever the Issuer shall pay or make any Dividend to Shareholders, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to the relevant Dividend by the following fraction:

A- B A

where:

A

is the Current Market Price of one Ordinary Share on the first date on

which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex- the relevant Dividend on the

Exchange or, in the case of a purchase of Ordinary Shares or any

receipts or certificates representing Ordinary Shares by or on behalf of

the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, on which such Ordinary

Shares are purchased or, in the case of a Spin-Off, is the mean of the

Volume Weighted Average Prices of a Ordinary Share for the five

consecutive Dealing Days ending on the Dealing Day immediately

preceding the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex-

the relevant Spin-Off; and

B

is the portion of the Fair Market Value, with such portion being

determined by dividing the Fair Market Value of the aggregate

Dividend by the number of Ordinary Shares entitled to receive the

15.5

relevant Dividend (or, in the case of a purchase of Ordinary Shares or any receipts or certificates representing shares by or on behalf of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, by the number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately prior to such purchase), of the Dividend attributable to one Ordinary Share.
Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex- the relevant Dividend on the Exchange or, in the case of a purchase of Ordinary Shares or any receipts or certificates representing Ordinary Shares, on the date such purchase is made or, in the case of a Spin-Off, the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded exthe relevant Spin-Off.
For the purposes of the above, the Fair Market Value of a Cash Dividend shall (subject as provided in paragraph (a) of the definition of "Dividend" and in the definition of " Fair Market Value") be determined as at the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex- the relevant Dividend on the Exchange, and in the case of a Non-Cash Dividend, the Fair Market Value of the relevant Dividend shall be the Fair Market Value of the relevant Spin-Off Securities or, as the case may be, the relevant property or assets.
"Non-Cash Dividend" means any Dividend which is not a Cash Dividend, and shall include a Spin-Off.
"Cash Dividend" means (i) any Dividend which is to be paid or made in cash (in whatever currency), but other than falling within paragraph (b) of the definition of "Spin-Off" and (ii) any Dividend determined to be a Cash Dividend pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of "Dividend", and for the avoidance of doubt, a Dividend falling within paragraph (c) or (d) of the definition of "Dividend" shall be treated as being a Non-Cash Dividend.
If and whenever the Issuer shall issue Ordinary Shares to Shareholders as a class by way of rights, or issue or grant to Shareholders as a class by way of rights, options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Ordinary Shares, in each case at a price per Ordinary Share which is less than 95% of the Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the Dealing Day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the terms of the issue or grant of such Ordinary Shares, options, warrants or other rights, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such issue or grant by the following fraction:
A +B A +C

where:

A

is the number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately before such

announcement;

B

is the number of Ordinary Shares which the aggregate amount (if any)

15.6

payable for the Ordinary Shares issued by way of rights, or for the options or warrants or other rights issued by way of rights and for the total number of Ordinary Shares deliverable on the exercise thereof, would purchase at such Current Market Price per Ordinary Share; and

C

is the number of Ordinary Shares issued or, as the case may be, the

maximum number of Ordinary Shares which may be issued upon

exercise of such options, warrants or rights calculated as at the date of

issue of such options, warrants or rights.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex-rights, ex-options or ex-warrants on the Exchange.

If and whenever the Issuer shall issue any Securities (other than Ordinary Shares or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Ordinary Shares) to Shareholders as a class by way of rights or grant to Shareholders as a class by way of rights any options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Securities (other than Ordinary Shares or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase Ordinary Shares), the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such issue or grant by the following fraction:

A- B A

where:

15.7

A

is the Current Market Price of one Ordinary Share on the Dealing Day

immediately preceding the first date on which the terms of such issue

or grant are publicly announced; and

B

is the Fair Market Value on the date of such announcement of the

portion of the rights attributable to one Ordinary Share.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex-rights, ex-options or ex-warrants on the Exchange.

If and whenever the Issuer shall issue (otherwise than as mentioned in clause 15.5) wholly for cash or for no consideration any Ordinary Shares (other than Ordinary Shares issued on conversion of the Bonds or on the exercise of any rights of conversion into, or exchange or subscription for or purchase of, Ordinary Shares) or issue or grant (otherwise than as mentioned in clause 15.5) wholly for cash or for no consideration any options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Ordinary Shares (other than the Bonds), in each case at a price per Ordinary Share which is less than 90% of the Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the Dealing Day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the terms of such issue or grant, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such issue or grant by the

following fraction:
A +B A+C

where:

15.8

A

is the number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately before the

issue of such Ordinary Shares or the grant of such options, warrants or

rights;

B

is the number of Ordinary Shares which the aggregate consideration

(if any) receivable for the issue of such Ordinary Shares or, as the case

may be, for the Ordinary Shares to be issued or otherwise made

available upon the exercise of any such options, warrants or rights,

would purchase at such Current Market Price per Ordinary Share; and

C

is the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to such issue

of such Ordinary Shares or, as the case may be, the maximum number

of Ordinary Shares which may be issued upon exercise of such

options, warrants or rights calculated as at the date of issue of such

options, warrants or rights.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Ordinary Shares or, as the case may be, the grant of such options, warrants or rights.

If and whenever the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or (at the direction or request of or pursuant to any arrangements with the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer) any other company, person or entity (otherwise than as mentioned in clause 15.5, 15.6 or 15.7) shall issue wholly for cash or for no consideration any Securities (other than the Bonds), which by their terms of issue carry (directly or indirectly) rights of conversion into, or exchange or subscription for, Ordinary Shares (or shall grant any such rights in respect of existing Securities so issued) or Securities which by their terms might be redesignated as Ordinary Shares, and the consideration per Ordinary Share receivable upon conversion, exchange, subscription or redesignation is less than 95% of the Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the Dealing Day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the terms of issue of such Securities (or the terms of such grant), the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such issue (or grant) by the following fraction:

A +B A+C

where: A

is the number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately before such issue or grant (but where the relevant Securities carry rights of conversion into or rights of exchange or subscription for Ordinary Shares which have been issued by the Issuer for the purposes of or in

15.9

connection with such issue, less the number of such Ordinary Shares so issued);

B

is the number of Ordinary Shares which the aggregate consideration

(if any) receivable for the Ordinary Shares to be issued or otherwise

made available upon conversion or exchange or upon exercise of the

right of subscription attached to such Securities or, as the case may

be, for the Ordinary Shares to be issued or to arise from any such

redesignation would purchase at such Current Market Price per

Ordinary Share; and

C

is the maximum number of Ordinary Shares to be issued or otherwise

made available upon conversion or exchange of such Securities or

upon the exercise of such right of subscription attached thereto at the

initial conversion, exchange or subscription price or rate or, as the

case may be, the maximum number of Ordinary Shares which may be

issued or arise from any such redesignation.

Provided that if at the time of issue of the relevant Securities or date of grant of such rights (as used in this clause 15.8 the "Specified Date") such number of Ordinary Shares is to be determined by reference to the application of a formula or other variable feature or the occurrence of any event at some subsequent time (which may be when such Securities are converted or exchanged or rights of subscription are exercised or, as the case may be, such Securities are redesignated or at such other time as may be provided) then for the purposes of this clause 15.8, "C" shall be determined by the application of such formula or variable feature or as if the relevant event occurs or had occurred as at the Specified Date and as if such conversion, exchange, subscription, purchase or acquisition or, as the case may be, redesignation had taken place on the Specified Date.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Securities or, as the case may be, the grant of such rights.

If and whenever there shall be any modification of the rights of conversion, exchange or subscription attaching to any such Securities (other than the Bonds) as are mentioned in clause 15.8 (other than in accordance with the terms (including terms as to adjustment) applicable to such Securities upon issue) so that following such modification the consideration per Ordinary Share receivable has been reduced and is less than 95% of the Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the Dealing Day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the proposals for such modification, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately prior to such modification by the following fraction:

A +B A+C

where:

A

is the number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately before such

modification (but where the relevant Securities carry rights of

conversion into or rights of exchange or subscription for Ordinary

Shares which have been issued, purchased or acquired by the Issuer

or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (or at the direction or request or

pursuant to any arrangements with the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the

Issuer) for the purposes of or in connection with such issue, less the

number of such Ordinary Shares so issued, purchased or acquired);

B

is the number of Ordinary Shares which the aggregate consideration

(if any) receivable for the Ordinary Shares to be issued or otherwise

made available upon conversion or exchange or upon exercise of the

right of subscription attached to the Securities so modified would

purchase at such Current Market Price per Ordinary Share or, if lower,

the existing conversion, exchange or subscription price of such

Securities; and

C

is the maximum number of Ordinary Shares which may be issued or

otherwise made available upon conversion or exchange of such

Securities or upon the exercise of such rights of subscription attached

thereto at the modified conversion, exchange or subscription price or

rate but giving credit in such manner as an Independent Financial

Adviser shall consider appropriate for any previous adjustment under

this clause 15.9 or clause 15.8.

Provided that if at the time of such modification (as used in this clause 15.9 the "Specified Date") such number of Ordinary Shares is to be determined by reference to the application of a formula or other variable feature or the occurrence of any event at some subsequent time (which may be when such Securities are converted or exchanged or rights of subscription are exercised or at such other time as may be provided) then for the purposes of this clause 15.9, "C" shall be determined by the application of such formula or variable feature or as if the relevant event occurs or had occurred as at the Specified Date and as if such conversion, exchange or subscription had taken place on the Specified Date.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of modification of the rights of conversion, exchange or subscription attaching to such Securities.

15.10

If and whenever the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or (at the direction or request of or pursuant to any arrangements with the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer) any other company, person or entity shall offer any Securities in connection with which offer Shareholders as a class are entitled to participate in arrangements whereby such Securities may be acquired by them (except where the Conversion Price falls to be adjusted under clause 15.3, 15.4, 15.5, 15.7, 15.8 or 15.9 (or would fall to be so adjusted if the relevant issue or grant was at less than 95% of the Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the relevant Dealing Day) or under clause

15.6) the Conversion Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Conversion Price in force immediately before the making of such offer by the following fraction:

A- B A

where:

A

is the Current Market Price of one Ordinary Share on the Dealing Day

immediately preceding the date on which the terms of such offer are

first publicly announced; and

B

is the Fair Market Value on the date of such announcement of the

portion of the relevant offer attributable to one Ordinary Share.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Ordinary Shares are traded ex-rights on the Exchange.

15.11

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, where the events or circumstances giving rise to any adjustment pursuant to this clause 15.11 have already resulted or will result in an adjustment to the Conversion Price or where the events or circumstances giving rise to any adjustment arise by virtue of any other events or circumstances which have already given or will give rise to an adjustment to the Conversion Price or where more than one event which gives rise to an adjustment to the Conversion Price occurs within such a short period of time that, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a modification to the operation of the adjustment provisions is required to give the intended result, such modification shall be made to the operation of the adjustment provisions as may be advised by an Independent Financial Adviser to be in its opinion appropriate to give the intended result.

15.12 For the purpose of any calculation of the consideration receivable or price pursuant to clauses 15.5, 15.7, 15.8 and 15.9, the following provisions shall apply:

15.12.1 the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Ordinary Shares issued for cash shall be the amount of such cash;

15 .12.2 (x) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Ordinary Shares to be
issued or otherwise made available upon the conversion or exchange of any Securities shall be deemed to be the consideration or price received or receivable for any such Securities and (y) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Ordinary Shares to be issued or otherwise made available upon the exercise of rights of subscription attached to any Securities or upon the exercise of any options, warrants or rights shall be deemed to be that part (which may be the whole) of the consideration or price received or receivable for such Securities or, as the case may be, for such options, warrants or rights which are attributed by the Issuer to such rights of subscription or, as the case may be, such options, warrants or rights or, if no part of such consideration or price is so attributed, the Fair Market Value of such rights of subscription or, as the case may be, such options,

warrants or rights as at the date of the first public announcement of the terms of issue of such Securities or, as the case may be, such options, warrants or rights, plus in the case of each of (x) and (y) above, the additional minimum consideration receivable or price (if any) upon the conversion or exchange of such Securities, or upon the exercise of such rights or subscription attached thereto or, as the case may be, upon exercise of such options, warrants or rights and (z) the consideration receivable or price per Ordinary Share upon the conversion or exchange of, or upon the exercise of such rights of subscription attached to, such Securities or, as the case may be, upon the exercise of such options, warrants or rights shall be the aggregate consideration or price referred to in (x) or (y) above (as the case may be) divided by the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued upon such conversion or exchange or exercise at the initial conversion, exchange or subscription price or rate;

15 .12.3 if the consideration or price determined pursuant to (a) or (b) above (or any
component thereof) shall be expressed in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner it shall be converted into Norwegian Kroner at such rate of exchange as may be determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser to be the spot rate ruling at the close of business on the date of the first public announcement of the terms of issue of such Securities (or if no such rate is available on that date, the equivalent rate on the immediately preceding date on which such rate is available); and

15 .12.4 in determining consideration or price pursuant to the above, no deduction
shall be made for any commissions or fees (howsoever described) or any expenses paid or incurred for any underwriting, placing or management of the issue of the relevant Ordinary Shares or Securities or otherwise in connection therewith.

15.13

If the Conversion Date in relation to the conversion of any Bond shall be after any consolidation or sub-division as is mentioned in clause 15.1, or after the record date or other due date for the establishment of entitlement for any such issue, distribution, grant or offer (as the case may be) as is mentioned in clauses 15.3, 15.4, 15.5, 15.6 or 15.10, or after any such issue or grant as is mentioned in clauses 15.7 and 15.8, in any case in circumstances where the relevant Conversion Date falls before the relevant adjustment becomes effective under clause 15 (such adjustment, a "Retroactive Adjustment"), then the Issuer shall (conditional upon the relevant adjustment becoming effective) procure that there shall be issued or delivered to the converting Bondholder, such additional number of Ordinary Shares (if any) (the "Additional Ordinary Shares") as, together with the Ordinary Shares issued or to be issued or delivered on conversion of the relevant Bond (together with any fraction of a Ordinary Share not so issued), is equal to the number of Ordinary Shares which would have been required to be issued or delivered on conversion of such Bond if the relevant adjustment (more particularly referred to in the said provisions of clause 15) to the Conversion Price had in fact been made and become effective immediately prior to the

relevant Conversion Date. Additional Ordinary Shares will be delivered to Bondholders not later than 10 Banking Days following the date the relevant Retroactive Adjustment becomes effective (the " Reference Date").

15.14

No adjustment will be made to the Conversion Price where Ordinary Shares or other Securities (including rights, warrants and options) are issued, offered, exercised, allotted, appropriated, modified or granted to, or for the benefit of, employees or former employees (including Directors holding or formerly holding executive office or the personal service company of any such person) or their spouses or relatives, in each case, of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or any associated company or to trustees to be held for the benefit of any such person, in any such case pursuant to any employees' share or option scheme.

15.15

On any adjustment, the resultant Conversion Price, if not an integral multiple of USD 0.0001, shall be rounded down to the nearest whole multiple of USD 0.0001. No adjustment shall be made to the Conversion Price where such adjustment (rounded down if applicable) would be less than 1% of the Conversion Price then in effect. Any adjustment not required to be made, and/or any amount by which the Conversion Price has been rounded down, shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment, and such subsequent adjustment shall be made on the basis that the adjustment not required to be made had been made at the relevant time.

Notice of any adjustments to the Conversion Price shall be given by the Issuer to Bondholders and the Bond Trustee promptly after the determination thereof.

The Conversion Price shall not in any event be reduced to below the nominal value of the Ordinary Shares and the Issuer undertakes that it shall not take any action, and shall procure that no action is taken, that would otherwise result in an adjustment to the Conversion Price to below such nominal value. In the event the Conversion Price is reduced to below the nominal value of the Ordinary Shares, and the Conversion Price upon conversion therefore is set to the nominal value, the Borrower shall pay to the Bondholders the difference between the nominal value and the Conversion Price for each Ordinary Share that is converted.

15.16

"Current Market Price" means, in respect of an Ordinary Share at a particular date, the average of the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Ordinary Share for the five consecutive Dealing Days ending on the Dealing Day immediately preceding such date; provided that if at any time during the said five-dealing-day period the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price ex-Dividend (or ex- any other entitlement) and during some other part of that period the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price cum-Dividend (or cum- any other entitlement), then:

15.16.1 if the Ordinary Shares to be issued or transferred do not rank for the Dividend (or entitlement) in question, the Volume Weighted Average Price on the dates on which the Ordinary Shares shall have been based on a price

cum-Dividend (or cum- any other entitlement) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of first public announcement of such Dividend (or entitlement); or

15.16.2 if the Ordinary Shares to be issued or transferred do rank for the Dividend (or entitlement) in question, the Volume Weighted Average Price on the dates on which the Ordinary Shares shall have been based on a price ex-Dividend (or ex- any other entitlement) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be the amount thereof increased by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of first public announcement of such Dividend (or entitlement),

and provided further that, if on each of the said five Dealing Days the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price cum-Dividend (or cum- any other entitlement) in respect of a Dividend (or other entitlement) which has been declared or announced but the Ordinary Shares to be issued do not rank for that Dividend (or other entitlement) the Volume Weighted Average Price on each of such dates shall for the purposes of this definition be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of the first public announcement of such Dividend or entitlement, and provided further that, if the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Ordinary Share is not available on one or more of the said five Dealing Days, then the average of such Volume Weighted Average Prices which are available in that five-dealing-day period shall be used (subject to a minimum of two such prices) and if only one, or no, such Volume Weighted Average Price is available in the relevant period the Current Market Price shall be determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser.

"Dealing Day" means a day on which the Exchange is open for business, (other than a day on which the Exchange is scheduled to or does close prior to its regular weekday closing time).

"Dividend" means any dividend or any form of distribution to Shareholders (including a Spin-Off) whether of cash, assets or other property, and whenever paid or made and however described (and for these purposes a distribution of assets includes without limitation an issue of Ordinary Shares, or other Securities credited as fully or partly paid up by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves) provided that:

(a)

where a Dividend in cash is announced which is to be, or may at the

election of a Shareholder or Shareholders be, satisfied by the issue

or delivery of Ordinary Shares or other property or assets, or where

a capitalisation of profits or reserves is announced which is to be, or

may at the election of a Shareholder or Shareholders be, satisfied by

the payment of the Dividend in cash, then for the purposes of this

definition the Dividend in question shall be treated as a Cash

Dividend of the greater of (i) such cash amount and (ii) the Fair Market Value (on the date of the first public announcement of such Dividend or capitalisation (as the case may be) or if later, the date on which the number of Ordinary Shares (or amount of property or assets, as the case may be) which may be issued or delivered is determined), of such Ordinary Shares or other property or assets;

(b)

any issue of Ordinary Shares falling within clause 15.3 shall be

disregarded;

(c)

a purchase or redemption or buy back of share capital of the Issuer

by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer shall not constitute a

Dividend unless, in the case of purchases, redemptions or buy backs

of Ordinary Shares by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its

Subsidiaries, the weighted average price per Ordinary Share (before

expenses) on any one day (a "Specified Share Day") in respect of

such purchases, redemptions or buy backs (translated, if not in

Norwegian Kroner, into Norwegian Kroner at the spot rate ruling at

the close of business on such day as determined in good faith by an

Independent Financial Adviser (or if no such rate is available on that

date, the equivalent rate on the immediately preceding date on

which such rate is available), exceeds by more than 5% the average

of the closing prices of the Ordinary Shares on the Exchange (as

published by or derived from the Exchange) on the five Dealing Days

immediately preceding the Specified Share Day or, where an

announcement (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt for these

purposes, any general authority for such purchases approved by a

general meeting of Shareholders or any notice convening such a

meeting of Shareholders) has been made of the intention to

purchase Ordinary Shares at some future date at a specified price,

on the five Dealing Days immediately preceding the date of such

announcement, in which case such purchase shall be deemed to

constitute a Dividend in Norwegian Kroner to the extent that the

aggregate price paid (before expenses) in respect of such Ordinary

Shares purchased by the Issuer or, as the case may be, any of its

Subsidiaries (translated where appropriate into Norwegian Kroner as

provided above) exceeds the product of (i) 105% of the average

closing price of the Ordinary Shares determined as aforesaid and (ii)

the number of Ordinary Shares so purchased; and

(d)

if the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall purchase any receipts or

certificates representing Ordinary Shares, the provisions of

paragraph (c) shall be applied in respect thereof in such manner and

with such modifications (if any) as shall be determined in good faith

by an Independent Financial Adviser.

"Fair Market Value" means, with respect to any property on any date, the fair market value of that property as determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser provided, that (i) the Fair Market Value of a

Cash Dividend paid or to be paid shall be the amount of such Cash Dividend; (ii) the Fair Market Value of any other cash amount shall be the amount of such cash; (iii) where Securities, Spin-Off Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded in a market of adequate liquidity (as determined by an Independent Financial Adviser), the fair market value (a) of such Securities or Spin-Off Securities shall equal the arithmetic mean of the daily Volume Weighted Average Prices of such Securities or Spin-Off Securities and (b) of such options, warrants or other rights shall equal the arithmetic mean of the daily closing prices of such options, warrants or other rights, in the case of both (a) and (b) during the period of five trading days on the relevant market commencing on such date (or, if later, the first such trading day such Securities or Spin-Off Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded); and (iv) in the case of (i) converted into Norwegian Kroner (if declared or paid in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner) at the rate of exchange used to determine the amount payable to Shareholders who were paid or are to be paid or are entitled to be paid the Cash Dividend in Norwegian Kroner; and in any other case, converted into Norwegian Kroner (if expressed in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner) at such rate of exchange as may be determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser to be the spot rate ruling at the close of business on that date (or if no such rate is available on that date the equivalent rate on the immediately preceding date on which such a rate is available).

"Independent Financial Adviser" means an independent investment bank of international repute appointed by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Bond Trustee or, if the Issuer fails to make such appointment and such failure continues for a reasonable period (as determined by the Bond Trustee ) and the Bond Trustee is indemnified and/or secured as to costs to its satisfaction against the costs, fees and expenses of such adviser, appointed by the Bond Trustee following notification to the Issuer.

"Reference Date" as described in clause 15.13

"Retroactive Adjustment" as described in clause 15.13

"Securities" as described in 15.16.

"Shareholders" means holders of Ordinary Shares.

"Spin-Off" means:

(a)

a distribution of Spin-Off Securities by the Issuer to Shareholders as

a class; or

(b)

any issue, transfer or delivery of any property or assets (including

cash or shares or securities of or in or issued or allotted by any

entity) by any entity (other than the Issuer) to Shareholders as a

class, pursuant in each case to any arrangements with the Issuer or

any of its Subsidiaries.

"Spin-Off Securities" means equity share capital of an entity other than the Issuer or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase equity share capital of an entity other than the Issuer.

"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, in respect of a Ordinary Share, Security or, as the case may be, a Spin-Off Security on any Dealing Day, the volume-weighted average price of a Ordinary Share, Security or, as the case may be, a Spin-Off Security published by or derived (in the case of a Ordinary Share) from the Exchange or (in the case of a Security or Spin-Off Security) from the principal stock exchange or securities market on which such Securities or Spin-Off Securities are then listed or quoted or dealt in, if any or, in any such case, such other source as shall be determined to be appropriate by an Independent Financial Adviser on such Dealing Day, provided that if on any such Dealing Day where such price is not available or cannot otherwise be determined as provided above, the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Ordinary Share, Security or a Spin-Off Security, as the case may be, in respect of such Dealing Day shall be the Volume Weighted Average Price, determined as provided above, on the immediately preceding Dealing Day on which the same can be so determined.

References to any issue or offer or grant to Shareholders "as a class" or "by way of rights" shall be taken to be references to an issue or offer or grant to all or substantially all Shareholders other than Shareholders to whom, by reason of the laws of any territory or requirements of any recognised regulatory body or any other stock exchange or securities market in any territory or in connection with fractional entitlements, it is determined not to make such issue or offer or grant.

In making any calculation or determination of Current Market Price or Volume Weighted Average Price, such adjustments (if any) shall be made as an Independent Financial Adviser considers appropriate to reflect any consolidation or sub-division of the Ordinary Shares or any issue of Ordinary Shares by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves, or any like or similar event.

15.17

If changes are made in the share capital other than those mentioned above, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders compared to the Shareholders, the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall agree on a new Conversion Price. This also applies to other transactions, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders.

15.18

If the Conversion Price is below par value of the Ordinary Shares, par value of the Ordinary Shares still applies, and the Issuer shall upon conversion pay the Bondholders the difference between the par value of the Ordinary Shares and the Conversion Price.

15.19

If an adjustment of the Conversion Price requires a conversion to USD, the exchange rate shall be the official reference rate provided by the European Central Bank on the date triggering such adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, when calculating weighted averages over several days, each day

should apply the official reference rate for that day.

16 16.1
16.2 16.3

Merger and de-merger
In the case of any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Issuer with any other corporation (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which the Issuer is the continuing corporation), or in the case of any sale or transfer of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Issuer, the Issuer will take such steps as shall be required by the Bond Trustee (including the execution of an agreement supplemental to or amending the Bond Agreement) to ensure that each Bond then outstanding will (during the period in which Conversion Rights may be exercised) be converted into the class and amount of shares and other securities and property receivable upon such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer by a holder of the number of Ordinary Shares which would have become liable to be issued upon exercise of Conversion Rights immediately prior to such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer. Such supplemental agreement deed will provide for adjustments which will be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in clause 15. The above will apply, mutatis mutandis to any subsequent consolidations, amalgamations, mergers, sales or transfers.
If the Issuer decides on a merger in which the Issuer is the acquiring company, and the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in the form of shares only, subject to confirmation from an Independent Financial Adviser that such is the case, no adjustment will be made to the Conversion Price. If the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in any other form, in full or partly, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted according to such provision of clause 15 as an Independent Financial Adviser shall determine to be most appropriate.
The provisions in this clause 16 have no limitation on the creditor's right of objection to the merger or de-merger (to the extent any such rights will apply in accordance with applicable law).

17

Covenants of the Obligors

17.1 General

17 .1 .1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this clause 17 to the Bond
Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

17 .1.2

The covenants in this clause 17 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive or amend any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

17.2 Information Covenants

17 .2.1 The Issuer shall:

(i)

without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond

Trustee of any Event of Default, and without undue delay inform the

Bond Trustee of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or

should understand may lead to an Event of Default;

(ii)

without being requested to do so, (i) immediately inform the Bond

Trustee of any amendments to the maturity date of any of the Bank

Loan Guarantees and (ii) as soon as reasonably possible inform the

Bond Trustee of any on-going negotiations in connection with the

maturity date of any of the Bank Loan Guarantees;

(iii)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the

Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its

assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(iv) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements at least semi annually and make them available on its website in the English language (including any Quarterly Financial Reports) (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end of the second quarter (or, if quarterly reporting, the end of the relevant quarter);

(v)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, provide to the Bond Trustee

updates on the progression of the construction of the Vessel;

(vi) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(vii) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of any Group Company, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(viii)

without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange which have a negative impact on the Issuer's ability to satisfy its liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(ix) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register;

(x)

within a reasonable time and subject to regulations applicable to the

Obligors being followed, provide such information about the Obligors'

financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request;

(xi)

promptly upon becoming aware of them, and without being

requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of

any material litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings

which have been or might be started by or against the Obligors, and

other events which have occurred or might occur and which may

have a Material Adverse Effect;

(xii) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any event that results in an adjustment of the Conversion Price promptly thereafter;

(xiii)

following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, immediately after the Issuer becomes aware of it, notify the Bondholders (via the Securities Register), the Bond Trustee and (if listed) the Exchange thereof. The notice shall specify (i) the applicable Change of Control Conversion Price and early redemption price, (ii) the Bondholders' entitlement to exercise their Conversion Rights or to exercise their right to require redemption of the Bonds, (iii) the Change of Control Conversion Period and (iv) details concerning the Change of Control Event;

(xiv)

at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations; and

(xv) in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under clause 17.2.1(iv), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in clause 18. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

17.3 Retention Account

17 .3.1

The Issuer shall maintain the Retention Account with the Account Bank. The Retention Account shall at all times be blocked and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

17.3.2

The Issuer shall transfer to the Retention Account, on a monthly basis, an amount equal to 1/3 of the sum of (i) the Base Interest and (ii) 0.75% p.a. payable on the A Bonds on the next Interest Payment Date. The first transfer shall be made on the 15th day of the calendar month falling on or after the Effective Date (whichever is first), and on the 15th in each calendar month thereafter. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

17.3.3

After the Runway Period, the Issuer shall transfer to the Retention Account, on a monthly basis, an amount equal to 1/3 of the instalment payable on the next Interest Payment Date.

17.3.4 The Issuer may only apply amounts outstanding on the Retention Account to pay scheduled instalments and interest accruing on the A Bonds.

17.4 Ranking and Security

17 .4.1

The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer and secured on a first priority basis over the Vessel and the other assets secured by the Security Documents, and otherwise rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other creditors, except for obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.

17.4.2

The Obligors shall maintain the Security Documents in good condition and repair, and do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that such security remains duly created, enforceable and perfected first priority, at the expense of the Vessel Owner or the Issuer.

17 .4.3 The Obligors shall upon delivery of the Vessel, establish a duly created,
enforceable and perfected Mortgage and Assignment of Insurances.

17.5 Negative Pledge

The Issuer shall procure that the Vessel Owner shall not grant or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for (i) providing the Security Interest according to this Bond Agreement ii) pledge over bank accounts and (iii) any security arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services).

17.6 Change of Business, Disposal of Assets, Mergers and Demergers

17.6.1 The Issuer and the Vessel Owner shall not:

(i)

cease to carry on its business;

(ii)

sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations;

(iii)

change the nature of its business, other than expansion of the

business into related seismic activities;

(iv)

merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business, other

than solvent restructuring of the Group;

in a manner which (by itself or in a series of transactions) is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

17.6.2

Notwithstanding clause 17.6.1, the Vessel and the shares in the Vessel Owner may be sold to a 100% subsidiary (direct or indirect) of the Issuer, see clause 17.7.1(a). Furthermore, the Obligors may sell or dispose of any asset subject to the Security Interest if an amount equal to the Outstanding Bonds is paid into the Escrow Account. The Issuer may, however, release such funds from the Escrow Account provided that the Issuer prior to or in connection with the release of funds provides a duly created, perfected and enforceable first priority security comprising either of i) another vessel(s), ii) marketable securities and/or iii) asset(s) that can be converted quickly and easily into

cash, which together with any remaining funds on the Escrow Account has a Fair Market Value which exceeds 105% of the Outstanding Bonds. The "Fair Market Value" of the security is determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations obtained from two independent and well-reputed brokers/valuators appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee. Such valuations shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, adjusted for the value of any existing contracts restricting the free use of the asset. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer. If the new valuation shows that the aggregate of the Fair Market Value of the security and the remaining funds on the Escrow Account is lower than 105% of the Outstanding Bonds, the Issuer shall pay an amount equal to such difference to the Escrow Account, within 7 Banking Days of becoming aware of such new valuation.

17.6.3

In connection with a permitted sale or disposal of any asset subject to the Security Interest pursuant to clause 17.6.2, any Security Interest over such asset shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected (at the expense of the Issuer), by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;

17.7 Change of Flag, Bare Boat Registration and Transfer of the Vessel

17.7.1 The Vessel Owner may

(a)

transfer the Vessel to any new company which is a 100% subsidiary

(direct or indirect) of the Issuer (a new Vessel Owner),

(b)

decide and alter the choice of flag, and/or

(c)

have the Vessel subject to a bare boat registration,

provided that

(a)

the Bond Trustee is notified thereof,

(b)

the Issuer procures that the Security Interest remains duly created

or re-created, perfected and enforceable at first priority (and

established in respect of all shares in a new Vessel Owner in the

event of a transfer of the Vessel), and

(c)

the Obligors take any steps and do any such acts and things which

the Bond Trustee reasonably may require in connection with the

establishment, perfection, discharge or other actions related to the

Security Interest, it being understood that the Bond Trustee shall in

respect of a bareboat registration, be satisfied (by way of a legal

opinion or other satisfactory confirmation) that the Security Interest

remains valid and that the bareboat registration may be deleted

upon an Event of Default, always subject to any relevant Quiet

Enjoyment Letter as set out in clause 18.

17.7.2

In the event that a new Vessel Owner is not directly owned by the Issuer, each direct or indirect owner of the Vessel Owner (other than the Issuer) shall issue a Guarantee.

17.8 Change classification society and insurers and management agreement

17 .8.1

The Vessel Owner may change classification society and insurers without consent provided such classification society is a member of the International Association of Classification Societies (IACS) and the insurance companies have an S&P rating of at least BBB+.

17.8.2

The Vessel may be subject to a management agreement provided the manager has no liens over any of the assets belonging to the Vessel Owner and shall only relate to the payment of management services pursuant to industry standard and ordinary termination rights.

17.9 Construction Contract

The Issuer and the Vessel Owner shall not make any negative material changes to the Vessel or her equipment (e.g. changes with a total value of USD 10 million or more compared to the estimated cap ex cost of the Vessel, changes which lead to a delay of 6 months or more on the shipbuilding contract) unless such changes are required pursuant to a customer contract (with a party not being a member of the Group) and pro-rata financed through the duration of said contract compared to the lifetime of the material change or required due to change of market conditions, always provided that the Bond Trustee has been notified.

17.10 Protection of Conversion Rights

17.10.1 The Issuer shall ensure that no action is taken that would reduce the Conversion Price below the par value of the Ordinary Shares.

17 .10.2 The Issuer shall use its best endeavours to ensure that the Ordinary Shares
remain listed on the Exchange.

17.11 Transactions with Shareholders, Directors and Affiliated Companies

The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10% of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third party.

17.12 Compliance with Laws

The Obligors shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations as well as all

applicable laws and regulations relating to bribery and corrupt practises).
17.13 Lock up
Until and including 12 July 2011, the Issuer shall not issue (or agree to issue) any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Ordinary Shares or any derivative securities having an equivalent effect, subject to customary exceptions such as issue of employee stock options under already established programs.
17.14 Liquidity
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a minimum Liquidity of USD 10 million. This covenant shall apply at all times and on a consolidated basis for the Group, and will be tested on a quarterly basis. In the event of any breach of this covenant for any relevant period, the Issuer may, within 25 Banking Days of the reporting date, cf Clause 17.2.1 (xv), for that relevant period, remedy such breach by the issuance of new equity.

18

Covenants of the Bond Trustee

If the Vessel Owner enters into one or more contracts for the Vessel, it may demand that the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders enter into a "Quiet Enjoyment Letter" with the counterpart in such contract(s), securing that the contract will be honoured even in an Event of Default-situation, provided that i) the contract gives the Vessel Owner a free cash flow of minimum USD 10 million per year, and that ii) the rights of the Vessel Owner to the monetary claims under the contract are assigned for security purposes and on a floating charge basis only to the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders.

19 19.1
19.2
19.3

Fees and expenses
The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for

19.4 19.5

reimbursing any such fees.
In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to clause 19.2 and normal expenses pursuant to clauses 19.1 and 19.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
The Issuer shall deduct before payment to the Bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

20

Events of Default

20.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an " Event of Default"):

20.1.1 Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made within five (5) Banking Days following the original due date.

20.1.2 Breach of other obligations

Any Obligor fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

20.1.3 Cross default

Provided the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of USD 10,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee of any Group Company is

not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;

(ii)

any Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company is declared to be

or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity

as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii)

any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of any Group

Company is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an

event of default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).

20.1.4 Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in

compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

20.1.5 Insolvency

If for any Obligor, the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness,

winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of

voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other

than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;

(ii)

a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any

creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's or any Obligor's

ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets, provided that such enforcement has a Material Adverse Effect.

20.1.6 Creditors' process

If any Obligor has a substantial proportion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets and such step or procedure has a Material Adverse Effect.

20.1.7 Dissolution, appointment of liquidator or analogous proceedings

Any Obligor is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of such company.

20.1.8 Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

20.1.9 Litigation

There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company which, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee (after consultation with the Issuer) is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

20.1.10 Material Adverse Effect

Any event as described in 20.1.5 through 20.1.8 or other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

20.1 .1 1 Repudiation

The Issuer or the Vessel Owner repudiates this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document, or evidences an intention to repudiate this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document.

20.2

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in clause 20.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

20.3

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in clause 20.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:

20.3.1

for as long as there are any Outstanding A Bonds, the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding A Bonds and the Bondholders' Meeting of the A Bonds has not decided on other solutions; or

20.3.2

if there are no Outstanding A Bonds, the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from holders of B Bonds representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding B Bonds and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions; or

20.3.3 if the Bondholders' Meeting has resolved to declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to clause 20.3.1 or 20.3.2, as applicable.

20.3.4 For the purpose of this Clause 20.3, when calculating the Outstanding A Bonds, any A Bonds held by the Issuer shall not be included.

20.4

In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of clauses 20.2 or 20.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, and any interest on overdue amounts and expenses accruing as of the Effective Date.

20.5

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Bond Agreement, any breach of a warranty under Clause 8 (Warranties), an undertaking under Clause 16

(Merger and de-merger), a covenant under Clause 17 (Covenants of the Obligors), or any Event of Default under Clause 20 (Events of Default) will not be deemed to be a breach of warranty, breach of undertaking, breach of covenant or an Event of Default if such breach is caused as a result of any of the events leading up to the Restructuring or any of the transactions contemplated by the Restructuring, and the Bondholders waive any breaches of this Bond Agreement that are reasonably necessary in order for the Issuer and any subsidiary to take the required actions to carry out the Restructuring and other actions contemplated by and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Restructuring.

21

Bondholders' meeting

21.1 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Bondholders' Meetings shall be held jointly for the A Bonds and the B Bonds, however so that on matters relating to rights assigned the A Bonds only, the holders of A Bonds shall vote separately (and any resolution so made shall be binding for all if sufficient majority of A Bonds is obtained). On other matters the holders of A Bonds and B Bonds shall vote together. The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to make any amendments to this Bond Agreement required as a consequence of any such resolutions.

21.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings

2 1.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(i)

the Issuer,

(ii)

Bondholders representing atleast 1/10 of the Outstanding A Bonds

or at least 1/10 of the Outstanding B Bonds, as applicable,

(iii) the Exchange, if theBonds are listed, or

(iv) the Bond Trustee.

2 1.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

21.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 Banking Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

21.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 Banking Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution.

The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange (if listed) for publication.

21.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

21.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

21.2.7

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

21.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

21.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

21.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an adviser. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

21.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

21.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' meetings

21.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

21.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the

right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

21.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting (unless the A Bonds are to vote separately as per Clause 21.1, in which case half the Voting A Bonds will form a quorum). Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds (or where relevant Voting A Bonds) are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

21.3.4

Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds (or Voting A Bonds, where the A Bonds are to vote separately as per Clause 21.1) represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in clause 21.3.5.

21.3.5

In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required (unless the A Bonds are to vote separately as per Clause 21.1, in which case only at least 2/3 of Voting A Bonds represented shall be required):

(i)

amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the

interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and

conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;

(ii)

transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another

issuer (Issuer); or

(iii)

change of Bond Trustee.

21.3.6

The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

2 1.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders'
Meeting are properly implemented.

21.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange (if any) shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

21.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

2 1.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to clause 21.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

2 1.4.2

When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

21.5 Written Resolutions

2 1.5.1

Subject to this Bond Agreement, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 21.1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.

2 1.5.2

The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.

21.5.3

The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time the Summons is sent from the Securities Register and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.

21.5.4

The provisions set out in Clause 21.1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting), 21.2 (Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings), Clause 21.3 (Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings) and Clause 21.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:

(a) the provisions set out in Clause 21.2.8, 21.2.10 and 21.2.11; or

(b) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 21.5 (Written Resolution),

shall not apply to a Written Resolution.

21.5.5 The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:

(a) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and

(b) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Banking Days but not more than fifteen (15) Banking Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 21.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Banking Days but not more than fifteen (15) Banking Days from the date of the Summons.

21.5.6

Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the Securities Register on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee will be counted in the Written Resolution.

21.5.7 A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in Clauses 21.3.4 or 21.3.5 has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting

Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be resolved if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.

2 1.5.8

The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.

21.5.9

If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in Clauses 21.3.3 to 21.3.5.

22

The Bond Trustee

22.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

22.1 . 1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange (if any) of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

22.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

22.1.3

Except as provided for in clause 22.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

22.1.4

Except as provided for in clause 22.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in clause 22.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than 5 Banking Days following the dispatch of such notification.

22.1.5

The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to clauses 22.1.3 or 22.1.4 for matters set forth in clause 21.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

22.1.6

The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

22.1.7

The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange (if any) shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to clause 22.1.3 and/or 22.1.4 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

22.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the
Issuer's approval, as provided for in clause 21.3.5.

22.2 Liability and indemnity

22.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

22.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

22.3 Change of Bond Trustee

22.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

22.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in clause 19 (Fees and expenses), but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

22.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

22.4 Appointment of Security Agent

22.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as security agent or may appoint a bank or other

institution to act as security agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the security agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a security agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed security agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

22.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the security agent may be determined by a securities agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor or any other party to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a security agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

22.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the security agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the security agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

23

Miscellaneous

23.1 The community of Bondholders

By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to clause 2 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that

23.1.1 the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

23.1.2 the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders;

23.1.3

the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register; and

23.1.4 this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other,

(ii)

the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act

directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal

proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the

Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement,

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders,

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that

(v)

the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

23.2 Defeasance

23.2.1

This clause 23.2 does not apply to the Obligors' rights and obligations laid down in clause 17.6.2, and any security provided pursuant to clause 17.6.2 shall, thus, not be deemed to be a Defeasance Pledge.

23.2.2

The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see clause 23.2.3) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");

(i)

the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the

benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted

by the Bond Trustee (the " Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as

will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable

premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the

Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise

of a notified Call Option);

(ii)

the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal

opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that

the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income

tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a

result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will

be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same

manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the

Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;

(iii)

no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the

date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events

of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at

any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of

establishment of the pledge;

(iv)

neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results

in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument

binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other

corporate documents governing any Obligor;

(v)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate

signed by its chief executive officer that the Defeasance Pledge was

not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders

over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;

(vi) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its chief executive officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.

23.2.3 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under clause 23.2.1;

(i)

the Issuer shall be released from their obligations under all

provisions in clause 15 (Covenants), except clause 17.2 (Information

Covenants), however so that the Bond Trustee may give a waiver in

respect of the obligations therein;

(ii)

the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall

not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security

Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and

shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be

executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts

as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security

Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond

Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(iii)

any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be

discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably

possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of

deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant

register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;

(iv) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (i)- (iii) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

23.2.4

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

23.2.5 Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the

Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

23.3 Limitation of claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

23.4 Access to information

23.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

23.4.2

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

23.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

23.6 Notices, contact information

23.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if any). Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

23.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if any).

23.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or by e-mail. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(i)

if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(ii)

if by e-mail, when received.

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.

23.6.4

The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

23.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

23.7.1

This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

23.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

23.7.3

This clause 23.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

=(==(= =i=

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

Bond Trustee

By: Position:

By: Position:

Appendix 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Nordic Trustee AS P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail:

mail@nordictrustee.com

[date]

Dear Sirs,

USD 125,000,000 5.6% Secured Convertible Bond Issue 2011/2016
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 17.2.1(xv) we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;
2. the covenants set out in clause 17 are satisfied; and
3. [only relevant for the fourth quarter reporting each year:] The Excess Cash Flow generated in [year] was USD [] of which USD [] is payable to holders of A Bonds in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement. Each Cash

Sweep Participant's part of the Excess Cash Flow to be distributed for [year] is set out in the below table:

R e c ip ie n t

Vessel

Base share*

No of Days as A ctive Vessel in th e p e rio d

Product

Bank Loan Facility POLARCUS ASIMA

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

A

Bank Loan Facility POLARCUS ALIMA

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

B

Bank Loan Facility POLARCUS ADIRA

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

C

IVAN GUBKIN

Bank Loan Facility (EX-POLARCUS

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

D

AMANI)

Bank Loan Facility N/A
Loan 3 Tranche B

[ ]%

* 365 =

E

New Fleet Facility

POLARCUS NADIA

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

F

Lenders

New Fleet Facility

POLARCUS NAILA

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

G

Lenders

A Bonds

VYACHESLAV TIKHONOV

[ ]%

* [0-365] =

H

SUM

Sum A to H= I

* To equal pro rata portion of the outstanding loans at the effective date

Percentage of Excess Cash Flow
A/ I B/ I C/ I D/ I
E/ I E/ I F/ I G/ I Sum all above = 100%

Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed. Yours faithfully, Polarcus Limited
Name of authorized person

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

Appendix 2

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Nordic Trustee AS P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail:

mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

USD 125,000,000 5.6% Secured Convertible Bond Issue 2011/2016

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee AS (previously Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied/to be applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

We hereby warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default, and that (ii) we repeat the warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Polarcus Limited

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

VESSEL UTILISATION NOTICE

Nordic Trustee AS P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail:

mail@nordictrustee.com

Dear Sirs,

Appendix 3 [date]

USD 125,000,000 5.6% Secured Convertible Bond Issue 2011/2016 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer. This notice is a Vessel Utilisation Notice for the quarter ended [DATE]. Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement. With reference to Clauses 10.6 and 11.1.3 we hereby certify that: 1. the number of days that the Vessel was on a Third Party Charter in [RELEVANT
QUARTER] is [] days, equal to []% of the quarter; 2. earnings under Third Party Charters for the Vessel in [RELEVANT QUARTER]
amounted to USD []; 3. in accordance with Clause 10.1 the holders of A Bonds will receive cash interest
of []% [and PIK interest of []%] on the next Interest Payment Date; and 4. in accordance with Clause 11.1.1 the holders of A Bonds will receive
amortisation of [] on the next Interest Payment Date. Yours faithfully,
Polarcus Limited
Name of authorized person

