ISIN NO 001 036969.7 ISIN NO 001 0372923
LOAN AGREEMENT among
Biofuel Energy AS (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee)
acting in its own capacity and on behalf of the Bondholders and the Warrantholders
in the issue 10 per cent Biofuel Energy AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue
2007/2012 with Warrants

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

9

3 Listing

10

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

10

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

10

6 Conditions Precedent

11

7 Representations and Warranties

13

8 Status of the Loan and security

15

9 Interest

16

10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option, Put Option, Change of Control and Mandatory

Redemption

17

11 Interest in the event of late payment

18

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds and Borrower's Warrants

18

16 Covenants

22

17 Fees and expenses

26

18 Events of Default

26

19 Authority of the Bondholders' meetingand the Loan Trustee

29

20 Procedural rules

30

21 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

33

22 Change of Loan Trustee

33

23 Limitation

33

24 Dispute resolution and legal venue

34

25 Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions

34

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 6 June 2007 among Biofuel Energy AS (Norwegian Company No 990 853 673) as borrower (the "Borrower"), the Bondholders and Warrantholders (in each case, as defined below) from time to time a party hereto, and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
Through their subscription in the Loan, the Bondholders and Warrantholders have agreed to become a party to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
* The Bondholders and Warrantholders are bound by the terms of this Loan Agreement through the execution and delivery of such agreement by the Loan Trustee, which serves as their duly-authorized signatory, acting for and on their behalf.
* The Loan Trustee has, through their subscription, been granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders and the Warrantholders to the extent provided for in this Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.
All transfers of Bonds and/or Warrants shall be subject to the terms of this Loan Agreement and all Bondholds and/or Warrantholders shall, in accepting the transfer of Bonds and/or Warrants, be deemed to have accepted the terms of this Loan Agreement whereby all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Loan Agreement upon completion of such transfer having been registered with VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Account Manager:

each Bondholder's or Warrantholder's ( as the case may be) account manager in the Securities Depository.

Approved Restructuring and Merger:

shall have the meaning defined in Clause 8.3.

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Bondholders:

the holders of the Bonds.

Bonds:

bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Borrower's Bonds:

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Borrower's Warrants:

means the warrants, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Call Option:

the Borrower's redemption right as set out in Clause 10.2.

Change of Control Event:

an event where a shareholder of the Borrower or a group of affiliated shareholders, other than Valencia and/or Vivane Carolo, acting jointly in concert, directly or indirectly acquire (including by purchase, merger etc.) the right to cast, at a general meeting of shareholders of the Borrower, more than 50 per cent of the votes that may ordinarily be cast in a general meeting of shareholders of the Borrower.

Change of Control Redemption Period:

means the thirty (30) calendar days period following the notification of a Change of Control Event (cf. Clause 16.1 (i)).

Collateral Accounts:

collectively means the DSR Account, the Escrow Account and the Pledged Receivables Account.

Collateral Accounts Pledge: collectively, the DSR Account Pledge, the Escrow Account Pledge and the Pledged Receivables Account Pledge.

Designated Parcel:

means the parcel of approximately 91.96 hectares of land described as Fazenda Estrela (antiga Est. Pitanga), located in the municipality of Narandiba, Sao Paulo, the Federative Republic of Brazil and registered at Oficial de Reg. De Imoveis - Presidente Prudente with registry no. 2.057 - 2o.

Disbursement Date:

7 June 2007.

DSR Account:

an USD account established with a Norwegian bank in the name of the Borrower to be blocked in accordance with Clause 6.3 and pledged on first priority in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in which the bank operating the accounts has waived any set-off rights.

DSR Account Pledge:

the Norwegian law first priority pledge over the Borrower's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Borrower in the DSR Account in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of

4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

EPC Contract: Escrow Account:
Escrow Account Pledge:
Event of Default: Exchange: Exercise Date: Exercise Period: Exercise Price: Exercise Right: Existing Lien:

the Bondholders) as security for the Borrower's fulfilment of its payment obligations (included payment of principal, interest and expenses) under this Loan Agreement.
an agreement for the engineering, procurement and construction of the Project to be agreed between the Project Company and one or more contractors.
an USD account established with a Norwegian Bank in the name of the Borrower to be blocked in accordance with Clause 6.3 and pledged on first priority in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in which the bank operating the accounts has waived any set-off rights.
the Norwegian law first priority pledge over the Borrower's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Borrower in the Escrow Account in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Borrower's fulfilment of its payment obligations (included payment of principal, interest and expenses) under this Loan Agreement.
means each event defined as an event of default in Clause 18.1.
securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan and/or the Shares is listed or applied for listing.
the date falling 10 - ten - Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received the relevant exercise notice pursuant to Clause 13.1.
means the period commencing on the First Drawdown Date and ending on the tenth (10) Banking Day prior to the Maturity Date (both days inclusive) during which the Exercise Rights may be exercised.
NOK 55, subject to adjustments as provided in Clauses 14 and 15.
means the right of each Warrantholder to exercise each Warrant at the Exercise Price into 1 - one - Share, subject to Clauses 14 and 15.
means the first priority mortgage interest in the Designated Parcel, granted by the Project Company to Instituto Nacional do Seguro Social.

5

Finance Documents:
First Drawdown Date: Group: Guarantors:
Holding Company:
Holding Company Group: Interest Payment Date: Intra-Group Loans: Loan Security: Maturity Date: Obligors: ordinary course of business: Outstanding Loan:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
means (i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 17.1, (iii) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Loan Security, and (iv) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Borrower in relation to any amount payable under this Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition.
the date on which the first release of funds on deposit in the Escrow Account occurs in accordance with Clause 6.3.
the Borrower and its (direct and indirect) subsidiaries.
(i) until the completion of the Approved Restructuring and Merger, the Holding Company, the Project Company, and the other subsidiaries of the Borrower to be established pursuant to Clause 8.3 (ii) thereafter, the entities surviving such merger(s).
Christiania Bioenergia Participacoes SA (a Brazilian company registered with the CNPJ/MF under No. 019.984.738-05), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Borrower on the date hereof (save for four shares held by the directors of the Holding Company).
shall have the meaning defined in Clause 16.2(g).
each 7 June, 7 September, 7 December and 7 March of each calendar year.
all intra group receivables arising between two or more member of the Group, including, but not limited to, the Shareholder Loan.
the security and its documents securing the obligation of the Borrower under this Loan Agreement as set out in Clause 8.2.
7 June 2012.
the Borrower and the Guarantors.
the ordinary course of business of the the relevant member of the Group as disclosed to the Bondholders prior to the date of this Loan Agreement.
Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Paying Agent: Payment Date: Permitted Indebtedness Pledged Receivables:
Pledged Receivables Account:
Pledged Receivables Account Pledge:
Project: Project Company: Put Option: Release Notice:

the entity appointed by the Borrower to act on behalf of the Borrower as Securities Depository paying agent and as agent in connection with the exercise of the Exercise Right.
in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal. If Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day.
shall, in relation to the Project Company, have the meaning defined in Clause 16.2(k).
with respect to any date, the amount of receivables due and owing on such date to the Project Company by a third party purchaser of sugar or ethanol pursuant to a supply contract with the Project Company, which the Project Company has pledged to a creditor as security for the payment of Sugar Cane Indebtedness.
an USD account established with a Norwegian bank in the name of the Borrower to be blocked in accordance with Clauses 6.3 and 16.2 (p) and pledged on first priority in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in which the bank operating the accounts has waived any set-off rights.
the Norwegian law first priority pledge over the Borrower's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Borrower in the Pledged Receivables Account in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Borrower's fulfilment of its payment obligations (included payment of principal, interest and expenses) under this Loan Agreement.
shall have the meaning defined in Clause 2.1.
Destilaria Paranapanema SA (a Brazilian company registered with the CNPJ/MF under No. 03.445.208/000102), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Holding Company.
each Bondholder's right of early redemption as set out in Clause 10.3.
a Release Notice from the Borrower to the Loan Trustee for withdrawal(s) from the Escrow Account in the form and content as set out in Schedule 1 hereto.

7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.

Reporting Date:

shall have the meaning defined in Clause 16.1(l).

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan and the Warrants are registered. On the Disbursement Date, the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").

Securities Depository act: the Norwegian Act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Shareholder Loan:

the NOK 62,548,613.97 loan from the Borrower to the Holding Company divided into three tranches:

(i) Tranche I - NOK 39,011,225.73 (ii) Tranche II - NOK 13,896,321.37 (iii) Tranche III - NOK 9,641,066.87

Shares:

the share of the Borrower, being at the date of this Loan Agreement, 11,142,285 ordinary shares, fully paid up each with a par value of NOK 0.25 per share, representing, in aggregate, one hundred per cent (100 %) of the issued share capital of the Borrower, each individually a "Share".

Sugar Cane Indebtedness:

indebtedness of the Project Company secured by a first priority lien in sugar cane and/or a pledge of receivables in sugar/ethanol supply contracts and/or a guarantee issued by the Holding Company.

Third Party Security:

payment guarantees, liens over its sugar crane crops and other security granted by the Project Company securing payment obligations of Companhia Albertina Mercantil e Industrial ("Albertina") in the amount of approximately BRL 21,474,378 in favour of certain financial lenders of Albertina against full indemnification from Viviane Carolo in favour of the Project Company backed by a first priority pledge over all of the Shares in the Borrower held by Valcencia.

Valencia:

Valencia S.a.r.L. (Company No. B 124 807), a Luxembourg entity 100 % owned by Viviane Carolo.

Viviane Carolo:

Ms Viviane Maria Bonini Carolo (personal identification no. CPF/MF n. 019-984.738-05), a Brazilian citizen and/or one or more companies 100 % controlled (directly or indirectly) by her and her immediate family members.

8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Warrantholders: Warrants:

means the holders of the Warrants, each a "Warrantholder"
means the rights to subscribe for new Shares pursuant to this Loan Agreement, each a "Warrant".

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of Bonds at a maximum amount of USD 85,000,000 (U.S. Dollar eighty five million), herein referred to as the "Loan".
The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 100,000 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "10 per cent Biofuel Energy AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012 with Warrants".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan/Bonds will be NO 001 036969.7.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.
The net proceeds of the Loan shall be made available for the Project Company for the purpose of (i) financing the construction of a sugarcane distillery with a crushing capacity of 1.6 million tons and agriculture investments to secure supply of sugarcane to the distillery (the "Project"), and (ii) repaying all of its secured and unsecured indebtedness in existence on the First Drawdown Date of approximately BRL 3.3 million (the "Existing Indebtedness") other than Permitted Indebtedness. The majority of the net proceeds of the Loan will be allocated to construct the distillery (approximately 75 %) and the remaining is investment to secure the supply of sugarcane to the distillery, fund repayment of the Existing Indebtedness and provide other working capital to the Borrower and the Project Company (approximately 25 %).
Following repayment of the Existing Indebtedness, the Project Company shall have no third party indebtedness except for Permitted Indebtedness.
2.2 By subscribing to Bonds, each Bondholder shall be entitled to be allocated 4,706 Warrants for each allotted Bond, so that the total number of Warrants to be issued in relation to the Loan shall be 4,000,100.
The Borrower shall allot Warrants to the Bondholders on the First Drawdown Date, which shall occur no later than 25 June 2007. The Warrants will be allotted to the Bondholders registered as holders of the Bonds on the First Drawdown Date.
For each Warrant the Warrantholder is entitled to exercise the Exercise Right and with that the right to purchase 1 - one - Share at the Exercise Price on the conditions set out in Clause 13 (subject to adjustments as provided in Clauses 14 and 15).
The Warrants shall be registered in a Security Depository and be separately tradable from the Bonds.

9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The international securities identification number (ISIN) of the Warrants will be NO 001 0372923.
3 Listing
3.1 The Loan will initially not be listed on an Exchange. An application may be made for listing on Oslo Børs or Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market (ABM) at the discretion of the Borrower.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan and Bonds must prior to the Disbursement Date be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions of the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Warrants must prior to the First Drawdown Date be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions of the Securities Depository.
4.3 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.4 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the interests and rights of the Bondholders and the Warrantholders vis-a-vis the Borrower and, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Bondholder's representative, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and
10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
- provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's and Warrantholders' representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly executed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds as well as execute the Finance Documents,
(c) a power of attorney from the Borrower to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents,
(d) certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles of Association of the Borrower, and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(e) the latest available annual and interim report (if applicable) of the Borrower,
(f) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(g) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(h) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(i) the agreement set forth in Clause 17.1, duly executed,
11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(j) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan to the knowledge of the Borrower,
(k) written evidence from the relevant bank that (i) the Collateral Accounts have been opened, (ii) that the Collateral Accounts Pledge has been duly registered, (iii) the Collateral Accounts have been blocked, (iv) the bank has waived its right to set-off, and (v) no further security over the Collateral Accounts have been granted, and
(l) the agreement for the Collateral Accounts Pledge duly executed, enforceable and perfected,
(m) legal opinions in a form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia (i) that the Borrower is legally incorporated and validly existing under its jurisdiction, and (ii) the valid execution by the Borrower of this Loan Agreement, and
(n) a certification by a member of the board of directors of the Borrower, or the Borrower's authorized signatory, (as the case may be) identifying the amount of Pledged Receivables in existence on the expected Disbursement Date.
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above, the Bonds will be made available to the Bondholders and the net proceeds of the Loan will be transferred as follows on the Disbursement Date:
(i) USD 10,000,000 shall be transferred to the DSR Account;
(ii) an amount of cash equal to the Pledged Receivables (if any) shall be transferred to the Pledged Receivables Account; and
(iii) the remaining shall be transferred to the Escrow Account.
6.3 Subject to Clauses 6.4 - 6.5, funds on the Escrow Account shall only be used pursuant to the purpose of the Loan (cf. Clause 2.1). Upon fulfilment of Clauses 6.4 and 6.5, funds on the Escrow Account shall be at the free disposal of the Borrower, except for USD 11 million which shall be withheld and blocked until the Third Party Security is duly discharged. Such blocked amount may be released proportionately against written documentation evidencing that the aggregate amounts secured by the Third Party Security have been reduced through the release or cancellation (as appropriate) in full or in part of the liens and guarantees forming part of the Third Party Security (other than by means of the Project Company having paid the underlying debt).
The DSR Account shall serve as a debt service reserve account. The Borrower shall use the funds on the DSR Account to service the first four (4) interest payment pursuant to this Loan Agreement. Any remaining funds on the DSR Account shall thereafter be freely available for the Borrower.
6.4 Prior to the First Drawdown Date, the Loan Trustee shall have received the following:
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) the Loan Security listed in Clause 8.2 (ii), duly registered and perfected;
(b) relevant corporate documentation from the security providers;
(c) written documentation evidencing that the Warrants have been distributed to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 2.2;
(d) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Warrants, and
(e) legal opinions in a form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia due execution, perfection and enforceability of the relevant Loan Security.
6.5 Before any release of funds from the Escrow Account, the Loan Trustee shall in addition have received the following:
(a) a duly executed Release Notice in respect of the relevant release; and
(b) documentation evidencing that the amounts to be released shall be applied in accordance with this Loan Agreement.
6.6 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents listed above.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 As of the signing date of this Loan Agreement, each of the board of directors of the Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that to the best of his/her knowledge:
(a) each Obligor is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) each Obligor has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
(c) the Finance Documents, which have been executed and delivered as of the date hereof, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Obligors and for any Loan Security to constitute a valid and enforceable agreed priority mortgage;
(d) the entry into and performance by the Obligors of the Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower;
13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(e) no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on any of the Obligors or any of its assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of each Obligor to perform its obligations under each Finance Document to which it is a party;
(f) all documents and information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Obligors in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Obligors to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect,
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Obligors or their ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) none of the Obligors are required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) the Obligors' payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatory preferred by law applying to companies generally;
(l) the Group has no debt or financial obligations (including inter alia capitalized leases, guarantees and other arrangements with the commercial effect of borrowing), save for Permitted Indebtedness and Existing Indebtedness;
(m) no financial indebtedness have been secured by the Loan Security prior to the signing of the Loan Agreement, save for the Loan; and
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
8 Status of the Loan and security
8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Borrower other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law. The Loan shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan including interest and expenses shall be secured by the following which shall constitute the security for the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement: (i) from the Disbursement Date and thereafter: (a) the Collateral Accounts Pledge; (ii) from the First Drawdown Date and thereafter: (a) an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand upstream guarantee on a joint and several basis from each of the Guarantors; (b) the first priority pledge over: (i) all shares issued by the Holding Company, including the four share held by the directors of the Holding Company; and (ii) all shares issued by the Project Company (the "Share Pledge"); (c) a first priority charge in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) to be granted by each member of the Group over the receivables arising under each Intra-Group Loan, to be granted either in the form of a composite charge instrument or separate charge instruments, to be further agreed by the parties (the "Charge of Intra-Group Loans"); (d) a first priority lien in the existing distilleries of the Group; (e) a first priority lien in the future sugar distillery (including the land on which the mill/distillery will be erected) to be financed by proceeds from the Loan and to be implemented once the land is acquired / the plant is delivered to the Project Company pursuant to the EPC Contract; (f) subject to Clause 16.2(r), a first priority lien in all land directly owned by any member of the Holding Company Group as of the First Drawdown Date (other than the Designated Parcel) and all land acquired by any such member thereafter; and
15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iii) From the date on which the Project Company executes and delivers the EPC Contract and thereafter, a 1st priority assignment of rights under the EPC Contract granted in favor of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders). On the date of such execution and delivery, the Borrower agrees to deliver a legal opinion in form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee from such jurisdiction and advisor as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming the due execution, perfection and enforceability of the such assignment of rights.
(iv) From the date that the Borrower implements the restructuring contemplated by the Approved Restructuring and Merger, any additional security required by the Loan Trustee in accordance with Clause 8.3.
8.3 Notwithstanding any other provision in this Loan Agreement to the contrary, the Borrower shall have the right to establish two additional 100 % directly and/or indirectly owned Norwegian and/or Brazilian sub-holding companies (with no operational activity) which will give the Project Company certain tax benefits through a merger of those subsidiaries incorporated in Brazil (the "Approved Restructuring and Merger"); provided that the Borrower shall always ensure that each new sub-holding company (to the extent applicable) provide, in the minimum, the same security to the Bondholders as listed in Clause 8.2 above to the extent applicable, to ensure that the Bondholders benefit from at least the same level of security as the Borrower, the Holding Company and the Project Company are obliged to make available to the Bondholders on the First Drawdown Date.
8.4 Following the consummation of the merger under the Approved Restructuring and Merger, the surviving shall assume all of the obligations and covenants of the disappearing entity thereunder.
9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including the Disbursement Date at a fixed rate of 10 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made quarterly in arrears on each Interest Payment Date; provided that if such Interest Payment Date occurs on any day other than a Banking Day, the Borrower shall remit such payment on the first Banking Day that immediately precedes such date. The first Interest Payment Date shall occur in September 2007.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless:
(a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or
(b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option, Put Option, Change of Control and Mandatory Redemption
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option): (i) on the Interest Payment Date in June 2008 at 108 % of par value plus accrued interests on the par value amount redeemed,
(ii) on the Interest Payment Date in June 2009 at 106 % of par value plus accrued interests on the par value amount redeemed,
(iii) on the Interest Payment Date in June 2010 at 104 % of par value plus accrued interests on the par value amount redeemed, and
(iv) on the Interest Payment Date in June 2011 at 101 % of par value plus accrued interests on the par value amount, redeemed.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
10.3 If any of the Borrower's direct and indirect shareholdings in any of the Guarantors or their subsidiaries is diluted below 100 %, save for four shares held the directors of the Holding Company and any other similar shareholding requirement under applicable law for any of the other subsidiaries that form part of the Approved Restructuring and Merger (a "Put Event"), each Bondholder shall have the right to demand redemption (Put Option) of its Bonds at 102 % of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Borrower has given notification as set out in Clause 16.1 (j).
The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to the Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agentof the pre-payment request. The put date shall be fifteen - 15 - Banking Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
10.4 If a Change of Control Event has occurred, the Borrower shall (as set out in Clause 16.1 (i)) make an offer to each Bondholder, at any time during the Change of Control Redemption Period, to purchase the Bonds held by such Bondholder at 105 % of par value (plus accrued interest). For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall be obliged
17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
to purchase such Bonds if the offer is accepted in the manner described below and the Disbursement Date shall be three (3) Banking Days thereafter.
The respective Bondholder must notify the Paying Agent within the Change of Control Redemption Period of its election of whether or not to accept the Borrower's purchase offer. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower is not committed by its offer towards any Bondholder which fails to accept the Borrower's offer pursuant to Clause 10.4 within the Change of Control Redemption Period.
10.5 If the Warrants are not issued and credited to the VPS accounts of the Bondholders by 25 June 2007, the Borrower shall redeem the entire Loan at a price equal to 102 % of par value plus accrued interest (Mandatory Redemption). Such Mandatory Redemption shall be carried out within 7 Banking Days thereafter.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 18.1 (a), cf. Clauses 18.2 - 18.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds and Borrower's Warrants
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
12.2 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Warrants.
13 Exercise of the Exercise Right
13.1 Each Warrantholder may exercise the Exercise Right at the Exercise Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided that the relevant Warrantholder at the time of exercise has the right to own Shares under Norwegian law and the Articles of Association of the Borrower and that notification is given pursuant to Clause 13.2.
The Warrantholder is on the Exercise Date entitled to receive 1 - one - Share per each Warrant. Each Warrant must be exercised in whole and cannot be partly exercised. Any adjustment of the Exercise Price (and thereby the Exercise Right) shall be calculated as stipulated in Clauses 14 and 15.
13.2 In order to exercise the Exercise Right, a Warrantholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent (via the Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository) a duly
18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice. Exercise of the Exercise Right(s) shall be effected on the Exercise Date.
The relevant Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository shall notify the Paying Agent of such Warrantholder's request to exercise the Exercise Right(s) and shall simultaneously demand payment from the relevant Warrantholder of an amount equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by the aggregate number of Shares to be issued under the Exercise Right(s) to an account designated by the Paying Agent, the payment being due 3 - three - Banking Days before the Exercise Date.
Upon any exercise of the Exercise Right only full Shares shall be delivered, and the relevant Warrantholder shall not be entitled to receive fractions of Shares. If a Warrantholder simultaneously exercises the Exercise Right for more than one Warrant, the Shares resulting from such exercise shall be aggregated with respect to fractions of Shares. Remaining fractions of Shares shall not be claimed.
On the Exercise Date, the Paying Agent shall transfer the number of Shares which are to be issued to the Warrantholder's account in the Securities Depository against crediting the Borrower of the amount paid.
13.3 The Borrower is responsible for ensuring that:
(a) necessary approvals to increase the share capital of the Borrower exist, (b) the share capital increase is registered in the Company Register (Foretaksregisteret)
as soon as possible, (c) shares issued upon exercise of the Exercise Right(s) are registered in the Securities
Depository on the Exercise Date.
If the share capital increase is not registered in the Company Register at the Exercise Date, the Borrower shall ensure that the shares following exercising shall be temporarily registered in the Securities Depository (with temporary ISIN).
13.4 Shares issued upon exercise of the Exercise Right(s) give rights in the Borrower as of the registration of the share capital increase in the Company Register, unless the general meeting of the Borrower has resolved differently. In addition, registration must have taken place in the Company Register.
14 Adjustment of the Exercise Price/Exercise Right
14.1 In the event of a new issue of Shares in which shareholders have preferential rights to subscribe for the new Shares,
(i) if the Shares are listed at an exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:
(Prevailing Share Price x number of shares before share issue) + (Share Issue Price x number of new shares) New Exercise Price = ----------------------------- number ° f stores before share issue + number ° f new stores------------------------------ x old Exercise Price
Prevailing Share Price
19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

where (A) "Prevailing Share Price" means the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the exchange the last three days the existing Shares are quoted including rights, prior to the issue of new Shares, and (B) "Share Issue Price" means the subscription price per Share paid by the subscribers of the newly-issued Shares.

(ii) if the Shares are not listed, each Warrantholder shall have the same subscription right as the existing shareholders of the Borrower, as if the Warrantholder already had exercised his Exercise Right(s).

14.2 In the event of an issue of financial instruments in accordance with Chapter 11 of the Norwegian Companies Act in which existing shareholders of the Borrower have preferential rights to subscribe for such financial instruments (the "Subscription Rights"),

(i) if the Shares are listed on an exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:

.

Average Subscription Period Price

New Exercise Price = --------------------:--:--------:------- :--------- x old Exercise Price

Average Subscription Period Price plus

the Average Subscription Rights Price

where: (A) "Average Subscription Period Price" means the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price of such Shares on the exchange, measured during the period when the Subscription Rights may be exercised, and (B) "Average Subscription Rights Price" means either (1) if the Borrower has listed the Subscription Rights on an exchange, the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price of such Subscription Rights on the exchange, measured during the period when the Subscription Rights may be exercised, or (2) if the Borrower has not listed the Subscription Rights on an exchange, the average of the trading price of the Subscription Rights calculated by a broker agreed upon by the Borrower and the Loan Trustee, measured during the period when the Subscription Rights may be exercised Days without trading are not included in the aforesaid calculations.
(ii) if the Shares are not listed, each Warrantholder shall have the same subscription right as the shareholders of the Borrower, as if such Warrantholder already had exercised his Exercise Right(s).
14.3 In the event of a capital write-down of the Borrower's share capital and subsequent repayment to shareholders,
(i) if the Shares are listed at an exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:

New Exercise Price = -s-h--a-r-e--p-r-i-c-e--l-e-s-s--a--m--o--u-n--t-r-e-p--a-i-d- -p-e-r--s-h--a-r-e-x old Exercise Price share price

The share price is the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the exchange the last three days shares are quoted including rights.

20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) if the Shares are not listed, the Exercise Price shall be reduced with an amount equal to the amount repaid per share.
Reduction of the share capital without repayment to the shareholders shall have no influence on the Exercise Price.
14.4 In the event of a issue of new bonus Shares in the Borrower (with the exception of shares issued in settlement of a merger offer), split or consolidation, the new Exercise Price shall be fixed as follows:
number of shares prior to bonus issue, New ^Exercise Pri.ce = -s-p-l-i-t--o-r---c-o--n-s-o--l-i-d-a-t-i-o--n---------------------x ol1d1ET^xercise Price
number of shares after bonus issue, split or consolidation
In the event that the Shares are split into more than one class of shares, the Exercise Right shall be adjusted so that Warrantholders' interest in the separate share classes remains unchanged, regardless of whether the Warrantholders elects to exercise prior to, or after the date on which the shares are quoted post split.
A issue of bonus Shares writing up the par value of the Shares in the Borrower shall have no influence of the Exercise Price.
14.5 Should the Borrower make a dividend payment to shareholders of the Borrower, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted according to the principles of Clause 14.3.
14.6 If changes are made in the share capital other than those mentioned in Clauses 14.1 14.5 above, which are unfavourable to the Warrantholders compared to the shareholders, the Loan Trustee and the Borrower shall agree on a new Exercise Price. This also applies to other transactions, which are unfavourable to the Warrantholders. The principles expressed in Clauses 14.1 - 14.5 above shall always be the basis for any adjustments pursuant to this Clause.
15 Merger and De-merger
15.1 If the Borrower decides on a statutory merger (in accordance with prevailing legislation from time to time) in which the Borrower is the acquired company, the Warrants shall, on completion of the merger, be transformed to rights to subscribe shares (warrants) in the acquiring company, on terms adjusted for the exchange ratio applied in the merger.
Warrantholders shall receive written notification of the merger from the Borrower through the Securities Depository no later than 5 (five) Banking Days after the announcement referred to in the Companies Act § 13-14 has been made.
15.2 Should the Borrower decide on a merger, in which the Borrower is the acquiring company, and shareholders in the acquired company receive settlement in the form of Shares or a combination of Shares and cash, no adjustment will be made to the Exercise Price.
21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
15.3 In the event of a de-merger, a split-up, a spin-off or if any other event occurs which in the opinion of the Loan Trustee has the same effect as a de-merger, such adjustments to the Exercise Right and the Exercise Price shall be made pursuant to the principles as set out in Clause 14 as the Loan Trustee in its reasonable opinion shall consider appropriate.
16 Covenants
16.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 18 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and quarterly interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim report period,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) in connection with reporting under 16.1 (b) confirm to the Loan Trustee the Borrower's compliance with Clause 16,
(h) of its own accord, inform the Loan Trustee of any event that results in an adjustment of the Exercise Price promptly thereafter,
(i) following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, immediately after the Borrower becomes aware of it, notify the Bondholders (via the Securities Depository), the Loan Trustee and (if listed) the Exchange thereof. The notice shall specify that by delivery of the notice the Borrower thereby offers to purchase the Bonds in accordance with the terms of section 10.3 (i) the applicable purchase price, (ii) the Change of Control Redemption Period,
22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(j) immediately notify the Bondholders (via Securities Depository), the Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) if a Put Event takes place,
(k) on its own accord, confirm its compliance with the deadlines stated in Clauses 16.2 (l) and (m), and
(l) within ten Banking Days of the end of each calendar month (the "Reporting Date"), deliver to the Bond Trustee a certification by a member of the board of directors of the Borrower, or the Borrower's authorized signatory, (as the case may be) that identifies the amount of Pledged Receivables in existence on the last date of such month.
16.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' acting pursuant to a meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not, and procure that the Holding Company and the Project Company shall not, cease to carry on its business, subject to the Approved Restructuring and Merger,
(b) not, and ensure that no member of the Group, shall:
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations;
(ii) change the nature of its business; or
(iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business (except for an Approved Restructuring and Merger),
in a manner which may have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to comply with the its obligations under this Loan Agreement,
(c) ensure that the Loan Security and/or any assets creating security for the Loan may be sold, assigned, mortgage, pledged or otherwise encumbranced to any party other then the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders),
(d) not permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time,
(e) ensure that the Shareholder Loan shall carry interest on market terms and mature no earlier than 2 months after the Maturity Date. The Holding Company shall have the right to convert such Shareholder Loan into additional paid-in capital on shares, or additional shares (as the case may be), held by the Borrower at any time and such additional shares in the Holding Company shall be deemed to be part of the Share Pledge and the Borrower shall issue such documentation as is required for the implementation of the foregoing.
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(f) not make or declare any dividend payment, reduction of share capital, repurchase of shares (including any transaction with a similar effect, i.a. total return swap) or other distributions or loans to its shareholders,
(g) procure that the Holding Company, the Project Company and any of their future subsidiaries (the "Holding Company Group") do not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or any other form of encumbrance (including i.a. capitalized leases) upon any present or future assets, earnings, shares etc., save for:
(i) contractors' retention rights to goods and equipment sold to a member of the Holding Company Group;
(ii) any lien arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business;
(iii) for the time period permitted under Clause 16.2(l), the Third Party Security;
(iv) security for Sugar Cane Indebtedness in the form of lien over sugar cane and pledge of receivables in sugar/ethanol supply contracts;
(v) for the permitted time period under Clause 16.2(m), liens and guarantees which secure the Existing Indebtedness;
(vi) security for the Loan; and
(vii) for the permitted time period under Clause 16.2(r), the Existing Lien.
(h) not incur any new indebtedness or financial obligations (including, but not limited to, guarantees, capitalized leases and other arrangements with the commercial effect of borrowing) or otherwise make financial assistance, save for:
(i) debt incurred in its ordinary course of business (i.a. supplier credit and tax postponement); and
(ii) new debt, backed by new cash equity in a ratio of 60/40 within the date of the new debt issue, meaning that, for any USD 60 amount of new debt incurred, an amount of additional cash equity of USD 40 must have been raised and paid in to the Borrower, always subject to such new debt shall mature no earlier than 2 months after the Maturity Date.
(i) procure that the Holding Company shall not incur any new indebtedness or financial obligations (including, but not limited to, guarantees, capitalized leases and other arrangements with the commercial effect of borrowing) or otherwise make financial assistance, save for:
(i) debt incurred in its ordinary course of business (i.a. supplier credit and tax postponement);
(ii) any Intra-Group Loans provided from the Borrower to the Holding Company and covered by the Charge of Intra-Group Loans, and
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iii) guarantees for Permitted Indebtedness.
(j) ensure, subject to the Approved Restructuring and Merger, that the Holding Company is a special purpose vehicle, which sole purpose is to own shares in the Project Company,
(k) procure that the Project Company shall not incur any new indebtedness or financial obligations (including, but not limited to, guarantees, capitalized leases and other arrangements with the commercial effect of borrowing) or otherwise make financial assistance, save for:
(i) indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business (i.a. supplier credit in the ordinary course of business, tax postponement, operational leases for the cultivation, harvest, transportation and processing of sugar cane);
(ii) the Sugar Cane Indebtedness; and
(iii) any Intra-Group Loans provided from the Holding Company or the Borrower to the Project Company and covered by the Charge of Intra-Group Loans,
(collectively, the "Permitted Indebtedness").
(l) procure that the Third Party Security shall be discharged in full at latest on 31 August 2007; provided, however, that if the Third Party Security has not been discharged in full within such time, or if any enforcement of the Third Party Security has been instigated against the Project Company, the Borrower shall at all times maintain an amount on the Escrow Account of at least equal to the amount of the indebtedness secured by the Third Party Security. If the Third Party Security is not discharged in full prior to 1 January 2008, the Bondholders or the Loan Trustee may declare the Loan to be in default,
(m) procure that the Project Company shall repay the Existing Indebtedness out of the proceeds of the Loan and discharge/cancel the security granted in respect thereof, in full within a period of 30 calendar days after the First Drawdown Date. If the Existing Indebtedness and the ancillary security are not discharged in full within a period of 60 calendar days after the Disbursement Date, the Bondholders or the Loan Trustee may declare the Loan to be in default,
(n) not, and procure that no member of the Group shall, make any financial or other arrangements concerning the Holding Company and the Project Company which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfil its obligations under this Loan Agreement,
(o) not, and procure that no member of the Group shall, grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any party, except if allowed for in this Loan Agreement,
(p) shall (i) maintain at all times an amount in the Pledged Receivables Account equal to the USD equivalent of the Pledged Receivables, and (ii) have the right to utilize funds on deposit in such account in excess of the level of such Pledged Receivables;
25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(q) for the purpose of sub-clause (p) above, deposit funds into the Pledged Receivables Account within three Banking Days of each Reporting Date to cover any shortfall amount contemplated by Clause 6.2(ii); and
(r) (i) discharge the Existing Lien prior to 1 January 2008, and (ii) within 20 Banking Days from the date of such discharge, (A) create and perfect a first priority lien in the Designated Parcel in favor of the Bond Trustee for and behalf of the Bondholders and the Warrantholders, and (B) deliver a Brazilian legal opnion in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, confirming inter alia the due execution, perfection and enforceability of such lien.
17 Fees and expenses
17.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
17.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
17.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 17.2 and 17.2, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 22.2.
18 Events of Default
18.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (Events of Default):
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Document; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee; provided, however, that where such failure will not have a material adverse affect on the Borrower's ability to repay the Loan, the Borrower shall have 20 Business Days to remedy such non-performance from the date of such notice by the Loan Trustee,
(c) if, for each member of the Group, the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness or commitment for financial indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 10 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any financial indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, such member is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness of due to and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(d) if, for any member of the Group;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) the value of the assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities), or
(iii) a moratorium on the payment of its indebtedness is declared,
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
(e) if, for any member of the Group; any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to;
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
27

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets (other than the enforcement of any of the Third Party Security, provided that such enforcement proceedings are lifted and the Third Party Security discharged prior to 1 January 2008),
(f) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made, and such incorrect or misleading statement would have a material adverse affect on the ability of the Borrower or any other member of the Group to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents, to which it is a party.
18.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 18.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement.
18.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 18.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.
18.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 18.2 or 18.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
18.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
19 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee 19.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement,
the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as: (a) change of Loan Trustee, (b) change of Borrower, (c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other
conditions, (d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital
reduction or conversion, (e) approval of the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets or
security for the Loan, (f) declaring the Loan to be in default. The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions. The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. 19.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 19.1 (d) and (e), provided that: (a) the changes are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance
for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or (b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the
judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
29

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 19.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
19.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
19.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
19.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 19.1 and 19.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
20 Procedural rules
20.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
20.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 20.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
30

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 20.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 20.3.
20.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions o f this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 21, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform o f the turnout and result o f the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
20.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result o f the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
20.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
31

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
20.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 20.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer. The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds. In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
20.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause 21. Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 20.8.
20.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative, (b) change of borrower, (c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and
security/collateral, or (d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance
for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
20.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy. Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
32

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
21 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
21.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
22 Change of Loan Trustee
22.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 20.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
22.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 17.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
22.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
23 Limitation
23.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.
33

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
24 Dispute resolution, legal venue, etc.
24.1 The Oslo District Court shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any legal action or proceeding and to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (including any dispute regarding the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement or the consequences of its nullity).
24.2 The Borrower agrees that the documents, which commence any legal action or proceeding and any other documents required to be served in relation to those proceedings, may be served on it at its registered office or principal place of business in Norway. The Bond Trustee and each of the Bondholders and Warrantholders agrees that the foregoing documents, which commence a legal action or proceeding, may be served on it by serving the Bond Trustee at its registered office or principal place of business in Norway.
24.3 Norwegian law shall govern the terms and conditions of this Loan Agreement.
25 Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
25.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Borrower a certification in a form to be provided by the Borrower stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
25.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.
34

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Oslo, 7 June 2007
Biofuel Energy AS Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA acting in its own capacity

Petter Mansverk Andresen Authorized Signatory

Ola Nygård Authorized Signatory

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Loan Trustee acting for and on behalf of
Bondholders and Warrantholders

Ola Nygard Authorized Signatory
The Loan Agreement has been executed in 3 copies (originals), of which the Borrower keeps one and the Loan Trustee keeps two.

35

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Schedule 1 FORM OF RELEASE NOTICE [ESCROW / DSR / PLEDGED RECEIVABLES] ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Attn: [name]
RELEASE NOTICE Dear Sir, RE: USD 85,000,000 LOAN AGREEMENT

[Place and date]

We refer to the loan agreement dated 6 May 2007 (the "Loan Agreement") of USD 85,000,000 with ISIN NO 001 036969.7 made among Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Loan Trustee acting in its own capacity and on behalf of the Bondholders and the Warrantholders, and the undersigned as Borrower, in respect of the Loan. Unless the context otherwise requires, capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Loan Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we o n ______________ wish to draw U SD ______ under our account n o ._______(the [Escrow Account][DSR Account][Pledged Receivables Account]) for the purpose pursuant to the purpose of the Loan, and ask you irrevocably upon our satisfaction of the conditions of Clause 6 of the Loan Agreement to instruct the bank to unblock the above amounts according to this Release Notice.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred which constitutes an Event of Default or which by giving of notice and/or lapse of time would constitute an Event of Default, and (ii) our representations contained in the Loan Agreement are true and accurate at the time hereof with reference to the facts now subsisting; provided, however, that, the phrase "except as otherwise provided in the legal opinions deliveredpurusant to Clause 6.4(e)" shall qualify the representation and warranty given in Clause 7.1(c).

Yours faithfully, Biofuel Energy AS

[signed by duly authorisedpersons with the Borrower]

Enclosure: [copy of written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

36

