NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0622525 - 15 per cent EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014
Oslo, 13 June 2012 Correction to the term sheet attached to the Summons to Bondholders' Meeting Reference is made to the summons to bondholders' meeting dated 31 May 2012 (the "May Summons"). All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the May Summons, unless otherwise defined. The Company has informed Norsk Tillitsmann ASA that it hereby amends:
a) paragraph 14 of the New Bond Term Sheet so that it reads as follows: "The New Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 1 each. " b) the first sentence of paragraph 17 of the New Bond Term Sheet so it reads as follows: "All Existing Bondholders shall be entitled to purchase New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan in a pro rata proportion to their holdings of Existing Bonds (the "Right to Purchase")." There will be no minimum subscription or allotment amounts for the New Bonds.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
/ *
Fredrik Lundberg
Attachment: New Bond Term Sheet - as amended
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

FUNDING TERM SHEET
EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited 20.00% Senior Secured Callable Issue 2012 / 2013
Settlement date: Expected to be 22 June 2012

SUMMARY TERMS AND CONDI' 1. Intro du ctio n

2.

D e fin itio n s:

3.

Issuer:

This non-binding indicative term sheet (the "Term Sheet") dated 31 May 2012 (as amended on 14 June 2012) sets out the proposed terms for a first priority super senior secured bond loan, subject to definitive documentation between (i) the Issuer and (ii) the Bond Trustee (together the "Term Sheet Parties").
Defined terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given to them in the Existing Loan Agreem ent.
"New Bondholder" means any holder of New Bonds.
"Existing Bonds" means the bonds issued by the Issuer pursuant to the USD88,000,000 Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 11/2014 bond loan agreement dated 15 July 2010, as amended on 31 January 2012 (the "Existing Loan Agreem ent").
"Existing Bondholder" means a holder of Existing Bonds.
"New Bonds" means the new bonds to be issued by the Issuer as described in this Term Sheet pursuant to a new bond loan agreem ent (the "N ew Bond Loan Agreement").
"Intercreditor Agreem ent" means the intercreditor agreement to be entered into between Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA (on behalf of the Existing Bondholders) and Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA (on behalf of the New Bondholders).
EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited, a company duly organized and incorporated in Cyprus with registered address at Arch M akariou III, 195, Neocleous House, 3030 Limassol, Cyprus and company registration number HE288213.

4.

Currency:

5.

Loan Amount:

USD
Issuance of New Bonds in one or m ore issuances up to an aggregate principal face amount of up to USD 20,000,000 (the "M axim um Loan Am ount") on th e term s set out in this Term Sheet.
Initial issuance of New Bonds of principal face amount USD 7,000,000 (the "Initial Bond Loan"), and subsequent issuance(s) of New Bonds up to the M axim um Loan Am ount and on the sam e term s as set out in this Term Sheet (the "Subsequent Bond Loans" and together with the initial Bond Loan, each a "New Bond Loan").

UKDOCS/1109879.12

1

6.

Issue Price:

The issuance price for each New Bond Loan shall be 80.00% of par value (i.e. an original issue discount of 20% of the principal loan amount)

7.

Interest rate:

Annual rate of interest o f 20.00% p.a.

in the event of late paym ent, the interest rate shall increase by 5.00%.

8.

Settlem ent Date:

The Settlem ent Date fo r the Initial Bond Loan is expected to be 22 June 2012. Notice is expected to be given to subscribers a minimum of 2 Business Days prior to the Settlement Date.

9.

Repaym ent Premium

Upon the repayment of the principal amount of any New Bond Loan,

whether upon the M aturity Date (as defined below) or otherwise, the Issuer

shall pay to the relevant New Bondholders an additional amount equivalent

to 20.00% of the principal am ount of the New Bonds being repaid.

10.

M aturity Date:

The Maturity Date for each New Bond Loan shall be one year after the Settlement Date of the Initial Bond Loan.

11.

Interest Paym ent Date: Interest on each New Bond Loan shall be paid on the Maturity Date.

12.

Interest Payments

Interest on each New Bond Loan will accrue from (and including) the

Settlement Date of the relevant New Bond Loan and shall be compounded

on a quarterly basis and payable annually in arrear on the relevant Interest

Payment Date, or if the relevant Interest Payment Date does not fall on a

Business Day on the first follow ing Business Day. Day-count fraction is 360.

13.

N um ber of New Bonds: Initial Bond Loan to comprise 7,000,000 New Bonds.

14.

Nom inal value:

The New Bonds will have a nominal value of USD1 each.

IS .

Escrow Account

The proceeds o f each New Bond Loan shall be paid into an escrow account in

the nam e of the Issuer, w hich shall be pledged in favour o f the Bond Trustee

(on behalf of the relevant New Bondholders) (the "Escrow Account").

The proceeds in the Escrow Account shall be su bject to the release controls as set out in Section 23 (Purpose o f the Loan) and 24 (Conditions Precedent).

16.

Term ination of Loan

If, on the M aturity Date of a New Bond Loan, proceeds rem ain in the Escrow Account, these proceeds shall be repaid to the relevant New Bondholders pro rata to those New Bondholders' holding of New Bonds at that time. Termination bv New Bondholders: The New Bondholders in each New Bond Loan representing a m ajority of the principal am ount of the New Bonds in that New Bond Loan shall be entitled to terminate the relevant New Bond Loan by providing 5 Business Days written notice to the Issuer.

W here a New Bond Loan is so term inated by New Bondholders, any rem aining fun ds in the Escrow Account shall be im m ediately repaid to the relevant New Bondholders pro rata to their holding of New Bonds at that tim e, provided, however, that Sections 6 (Issue Price), 7 {Interest Rate), 9 (Repaym ent Prem ium ) and 26 (Sale Fee) shall be deem ed not to apply to that portion of the New Bond Loan which is so repaid out of the Escrow Account, such that the New Bondholders shall not have any further claims against the Issuer with respect to such funds or the principal amount of the New Bond Loan so repaid out of the Escrow Account. For the avoidance of doubt, Sections 6 (Issue Price), 7 (Interest Rate), 9 (Repaym ent Premium) and 26 (Sale Fee) shall apply to all am ounts released to the Issuer from the Escrow Account under each New Bond Loan, notwithstanding any subsequent term ination of the New Bond Loan prior to its Maturity Date.

UKDOCS/1109879.12

Termination b vthe Issuer: The Issuer may term inate any New Bond Loan at any time by providing 5
2

Business Days w ritten notice to the Bond Trustee. In such circum stances, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay to the New Bondholders the full principal am ount of the New Bond Loan, together with all other am ounts that would have been payable with respect to the New Bond Loan, as if that repayment had been made on the Maturity Date and irrespective of whether amounts with respect to the New Bond Loan remain in the Escrow Account. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall use the proceeds rem aining in the Escrow Account with respect to that New Bond Loan, towards repayment of that New Bond Loan.

17.

Distribution of Initial

Bond Loan

All Existing Bondholders shall be entitled to purchase New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan in a pro rata proportion to th e ir holdings o f Existing Bonds (the "Right to Purchase").

To the extent that any Existing Bondholder does not exercise its Right to Purchase, the other Existing Bondholders shall be entitled to subscribe for m ore than th e ir pro rata proportion o f the New Bonds. Accordingly, in such event, each Existing Bondholder shall be entitled to subscribe for more New Bonds than its pro rata holding of Existing Bonds.

The Right to Purchase shall be available to Existing Bondholders for a period up until the date falling 2 Business Days after the date of the Bondholders' M eeting (as described furth er in Section 33 (Bondholders' M eeting)) (the "Expiry Date").

Certain of the Existing Bondholders have indicated a willingness to purchase a portion o f the New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan above their pro rata share, to the extent that the other Existing Bondholders do not exercise their Right to Purchase on or before the Expiry Date.

The New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan shall be distributed am ongst the Existing Bondholders w ho have subscribed fo r a portion of the New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan above their pro rata share, at the discretion of the Manager. The M anager shall take into account the following considerations in determ ining such distribution:

(a) primarily, the relative am ounts of Existing Bonds held by those Existing Bondholders; and

(b) secondarily, the relative amounts of New Bonds that those Existing

Bondholders have subscribed for above their pro rata shares.

18.

Early Subscription Fee

Existing Bondholders that commit to exercise their Right to Purchase prior to

the date o f th e Bondholders' M eeting (as described furth er in Section 33

(Bondholders' M eeting)) (the "Early Subscription Date") shall be awarded an

additional amount of New Bonds with a principal face amount equivalent to

10.00% of the principal face am ount of New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan

issued to the relevant Existing Bondholder (the "Early Subscription Fee").

19.

Sub seq u en t Bond Loans The Existing Bondholders that participate in th e Initial Bond Loan (the "In itial

Loan Bondholders") shall have a right of first refusal with respect to

participating in Subsequent Bond Loans (the "RO FR"). Th e Initial Loan

Bondholders must notify the Issuer (or Manager) of their intention to

exercise their ROFR within 3 Business Days of notice being given that a

Subsequent Bond Loan is to be issued (the "R O FR Expiry Date").

To the extent that any Initial Loan Bondholders do not exercise their ROFR by the ROFR Expiry Date, those Initial Loan Bondholders shall not have a ROFR with respect to any further Subsequent Bond Loans. Initial Loan Bondholders who do exercise their ROFR shall alw ays have the right to a ROFR in the next Subsequent Bond Loan.

UKDOCS/1109879.12

3

20.

Guarantees and

Security:

21.

Ranking of the New

Bonds:

UKDOCS/1109879.12

With respect to each Subsequent Bond Loan, each Initial Loan Bondholder shall be entitled to a pro rata am ount in that Subsequent Bond Loan based on its holdings of the total New Bonds in issuance at the tim e. To the extent that any Initial Loan Bondholders do not exercise their ROFR, the other Initial Loan Bondholders shall be entitled to subscribe for more than their pro rata proportion of th e New Bonds. Accordingly, in such event, each Initial Loan Bondholder shall be entitled to subscribe for more than its pro rata holdings of New Bonds. The New Bonds shall have the benefit of a guarantee from each of EOAL Cyprus ARV1 Limited ("ARV1 Lim ited") and EOAL Cyprus ARV2 Limited ("ARV2 Limited") (collectively the "New Bond Guarantees").
Further each of ARV1 Lim ited and ARV2 Lim ited shall grant a m ortgage in favour of the Bond Trustee respectively over ARV1 and ARV2 (the "New Bond Mortgages").
The New Bond Guarantees shall rank pari passu with the guarantees for the Existing Bonds, subject to the subordination provisions described in Section 21 (Ranking o f the New Bonds) below.
The New Bond Mortgages shall technically rank behind the mortgages granted with respect to the Existing Bonds, but shall effectively be given first ranking priority pursuant to th e subordination provisions described in Section 21 (Ranking o f the New Bonds) below and as per the Intercreditor A greem en t.
The New Bonds shall not directly benefit from any of the additional security provided in favour of the Existing Bonds, but shall be entitled to instruct the Bond Trustee fo r the Existing Bonds to take enforcem ent steps in relation to th a t security, as described in Section 22 (Enforcem ent o f Existing Bonds Security) below.
Section 8 of the Existing Loan Agreement shall be amended to reflect the fo llow ing:
- All amounts owing from time to time with respect to the New Bonds, including all fees and expenses of the Bond Trustee and its advisers (irrespective of whether such fees and expenses have been incurred under the Existing Bond Loan or the New Bond Loan) and all paym ents un der or in connection with the New Bond Guarantees and the New Bond Mortgages, shall in all respects rank ahead o f the Existing Bonds and any security and guarantees provided therefor (the "Existing Bonds Security").
- Accordingly, the Bond Trustee for the Existing Bonds shall be authorised to apply all proceeds received by it in connection with the Existing Bonds and the Existing Bonds Security as follows:
a) firstly, in respect of all costs and expenses w hatsoever incurred by the Bond Trustee and its advisers under or in connection with the Existing Bonds and/or th e New Bonds, and in respect of fees, costs and expenses of AM A; b) secondly, in or tow ards paym ent o f th e New Bonds (including all sum s related to the New Bonds); c) thirdly, in or tow ards paym ent o f the Existing Bonds (including all sum s related to the Existing Bonds); d) finally, the balance (if any) shall be paid to the Issuer.
This shall also be reflected in the Intercreditor Agreem ent.
It shall not be possible to amend this provision without the consent of New

Bondholders holding 662/3% o f the principal face am ount of the New Bonds.

22.

Enforcem ent of Existing The Intercreditor Agreem ent shall include provisions dealing with

Bonds Security

instructions to the Bond Trustee for enforcement of the Existing Bonds

security following an Event of Default under the New Bond Loan Agreement

including, as follows:

(a) in addition to the existing provision in th e Existing Bond Loan Agreem ent that Existing Bondholders representing at least 20% of the Existing Bonds may instruct the Bond Trustee to enforce the Existing Bonds Security, New Bondholders representing at least 50% of the New Bonds represented at a bondholders' m eeting m ay instruct th e Bond Trustee in w riting to enforce the Existing Bonds Security; and

(b) w here there is a conflict in instructions to the Bond Trustee, the instructions of the New Bondholders shall prevail.

This shall also be reflected in the Intercreditor Agreem ent.

23.

Purpose of the Loan:

The net proceeds from the Initial Bond Loan and any Subsequent Bond Loan(s) shall be deposited into the Escrow Account, as furth er described in Section 24 (Conditions Precedent) below. The proceeds in the Escrow Account shall be used solely:

(i) in relation to ARV1 and ARV2; and/or

(ii) funding the going concern of the Issuer, ARV1 Limited and ARV2 Limited.

24.

Conditions Precedent

Conditions Precedent for Settlem ent of the Initial Bond Loan:

Disbursem ent of the net proceeds of the Initial Bond Loan to the Escrow

Account will be subject to certain conditions precedent customary for these

types of transactions, including (but not limited to):

(i) Existing Bondholders to approve the issuance o f New Bonds in accordance with Section 33 (Bondholders'M eeting);

(ii)

the New Bond Loan Agreem ent having been duly executed;

(iii) an agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees duly executed;

(iv) the pledge over the Escrow Account duly executed and perfected (including notice to and acknowledgement from the bank holding the Escrow Account);
(v) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to execute the New Bond Loan Agreement and the pledge over the Escrow Account; and
(vi) legal opinions in respect of the New Bond Loan Agreem ent and pledge over th e Escrow Account in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
Conditions Precedent for release from the Escrow Account: The proceeds m ay only be released from th e Escrow Account if:
(i) the New Bond Guarantees have been duly executed;
(ii) the New Bond M ortgages have been duly executed;

UKDOCS/1109879.12

5

(iii) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the parties providing the New Bond Guarantees and New Bond Mortgages have been provided;

(iv) legal opinions in respect of the New Bond Guarantees and the New Bond M ortgages have been provided in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(v) with respect to individual amounts up to $100,000, the written consent of Paul Leand, Chief Restructuring Officer of the Equinox group (the "CRO"), follow ing consultation with Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP as legal adviser to the New Bondholders, has been provided, except that the CRO shall not authorize the release of a series of am ounts under $100,000 w here the aggregate am ount is over $500,000 in any one m onth; and
(vi) with respect to individual am ounts in excess of $100,000, or for aggregate am ounts in excess o f $500,000 in any one m onth, the approval of New Bondholders representing at least a majority of the principal am ount of the New Bonds (which authority may be provided in w riting) has been provided.

Condition Subsequent It shall be a condition subsequent that the New Bond M ortgages shall be perfected by 29 June 2012.

25.

M a n d a to ry R edem ption A n y proceeds from the sale o f any of th e shares in ARV1 Lim ited, ARV2

Lim ited or from the sale o f ARV1 o r ARV2, shall be used in m andatory

redemption of the New Bonds, on the sam e basis as if there was a

term ination o f a New Bond Loan by the Issuer as described in Section 16

(Termination o f the Loan), subject however to the Sale Fee payable pursuant

to Section 26 (Sale Fee), and shall be applied first in th e repaym ent of

accrued interest and thereafter in th e repaym ent of principal.

26.

Sale Fee

In the event of a sale of any o f th e shares in ARV1 Limited, ARV2 Limited or a sale of ARV1 or ARV2 (a "Sale"), to the extent that any of th e proceeds o f the Initial Bond Loan or any Subsequent Bond Loans have been released from the Escrow Account on or before the time of the Sale, the New Bondholders (in aggregate) shall receive their pro rata share (relative to their holdings of th e New Bonds in the Initial Bond Loan o r any Subsequent Bond Loans from which proceeds have been released from the Escrow Account) of 20.00% of the net proceeds of the Sale (after relevant broker fees, all fees and expenses of the Bond Trustee and its advisers (irrespective of w hether such fees and expenses have been incurred under the Existing Bond Loan or the New Bond Loan) and legal costs have been deducted) as a sale fee (a "Sale Fee") prior to any distributions being made. The Sale Fee shall be distributed am ongst the New Bondholders in accordance with each New Bondholders' pro rata holding of New Bonds outstanding at the time of the distribution.

27.

Even ts o f Defa u It:

The New Bond Loan Agreem ent shall include such events of default provisions as are considered standard in th e Norwegian high-yield bond market as of the date of the New Bond Loan Agreement, including without lim itatio n :

a) N on-Paym ent: The Issuer fails to fulfill any payment obligation due under the New Bond Loan Agreem ent or any of the Finance Documents when due.

UKDOCS/1109879.12

6

b) Breach o f other obligatio n s: The Issuer fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation (including satisfaction of the condition subsequent) pursuant to the New Bond Loan Agreement or any of the Finance Documents.

c) Cross Acceleration: The Existing Bondholders accelerate the Existing Bonds in accordance w ith the term s of the Existing Loan Agreem ent.

d) Insolvency: The Issuer or any Group Com pany is subject to any corporate action or legal proceeding or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) for:

(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration, or reorganization (by way of debt settlement, compromise, voluntary arrangement, schem e of arrangement or otherwise);

(ii) the appointm ent of a liquidator, bankruptcy trustee, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other sim ilar officer of any of its assets; or

(iii) enforcem ent of any security over or arrest, attachm ent or sequestration of any of its assets.

For events of default relating to (b) above, remedy periods of five (5) Business Days shall apply. For other events of default, no remedy periods will apply. W here the New Bonds are declared to be in default as a result of an Event of Default, the Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid at the price set out in Section 9 (Repaym ent Prem ium ), and to the extent that a Sale Fee is due under Section 26 (Sale Fee), the Sale Fee shall also be due.

28.

Terms:

The New Bond Loan Agreem ent shall contain basic key covenants, such as the non-incurrence of financial indebtedness (including as set out in Section 29 (Additional Indebtedness) and financial support, and a negative pledge.

29.

A d d itio n a l In debtedn ess Neither Equinox O ffshore Accom m odation Lim ited, th e Issuer nor its

Subsidiaries shall be entitled to incur any additional financial indebtedness

w ithout first offering th e New Bondholders the opportunity to participate in

a Subsequent Bond Loan on the term s as set out in this Term Sheet.

30.

Bond Trustee:

N orskTillitsm ann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo.

31.

Manager

32.

New Bond Loan

Agreem ent:

TBC The New Bond Loan Agreem ent will be entered into by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee acting as the New Bondholders' representative. The New Bond Loan Agreement shall regulate the New Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the New Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the New Bond Loan Agreement, then the New Bond Loan Agreement shall prevail.

33.

Bondholder meeting

A Bondholders' m eeting o f th e Existing Bondholders shall be held in order to approve the terms of this Term Sheet (the "Bondholders' M eeting'') and Existing Bondholders representing at least 66 2/3% of the Existing Bonds must approve the resolution.

34.

Costs

The costs and expenses of the professional advisers to the Issuer, the Existing Bondholders, the New Bondholders and the Bond Trustee relating to the release of the fun ds in escrow in January 2012, this Term Sheet and the Finance Documents shall be borne by the Issuer, and shall be deducted prior to release from the Escrow Account to the Issuer.

UKDOCS/1109879.12

7

35.

Governing Law:

Norwegian law and Norwegian courts (at the competent legal venue of the Bond Trustee).

UKDOCS/1109879.12

8

