NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.

To the bondholders in:

ISIN: NO 001 036 899.6

10.85 per cent PetroProd Ltd Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2013

Oslo, 19 December 2008

PETROPROD LTD - REQUEST TO POSTPONE EQUITY CONTRIBUTION REQEHREMENT --Notice from Bondholders' Meeting

On 19 December 2008 a Bondholders' meeting was held pursuant to summons of 11 December 2008 regarding a request to postpone the equity contribution requirement.

There were sufficient Bondholders present at the meeting to form a quorum. The proposed resolution obtained 100.00 % of the votes, and the proposal was adopted according to the voting requirements of the Loan Agreement. The following resolution will be incorporated in the Loan Agreement:

To postpone the equity requirement stated in Clause 6.6 first paragraph from 3 1 December 2008 to 28 February 2009, and change the saying in the Loan Agreement to the following:
" Within 28 February 2009, an additional new equity o f the Borrower with the gross proceeds of minimum USD 45 million (the "Second Equity Amount") - i.e. in addition to the First Equity mount -- shall have been paid in to the Borrower by transferring the Second Equity Amount to the Equity Escrow Account. After this Second Equity Amount has been paid in to the Borrower, before or in connection with any new> release o f funds from the Escrow Account, the Loan Trustee shall receive written documentation evidencing that minimum USD 35 million o f the Second Equity Amount has been used by the Rig Owning Company in connection with financing of the Rig pursuant to the Purpose o f the Equity. "

Further, the Borrower undertakes the following:

(i) Give a monthly update on the work in progress for the Rig at Jurong Shipyard (the

"Yard"), which update is to be published on the Borrower's website on or about the 10th

business day each month. (ii) During the Waiver Period, freeze the amount currently standing to the credit on the
Escrow Account as security for the Loan (USD 16 million).

(iii) During the Waiver Period, the Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) shall appoint

a legal advisor at the expense of the Borrower to undertake a legal due diligence of the Borrower in cooperation with the Borrower, within a total cap of up to maximum of USD 200,000. A summary of any findings which could reasonably be deemed to be of relevance to the bondholders shall be published by the Company to the market as a

company update or as part of the monthly update in (i) above as soon as possible after

MAILING ADDRESS # P.O .BOX I47O VIKA, N -OI16 OSLO

LOCATION

H AAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

p h o n e » +47 22 87 94 00 fax +47 22 87 94 10 org. nr * no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail t> mail@trustee.no

· N ORSK T ILLITSM A N N ASA
completion of such due diligence. In order for the Bondholders to get access to the full due diligence report, each Bondholder will need to sign a non disclosure agreement (NDA) with the Company. (iv) Remaining cash from the convertible bond issue and the share issues and other free cash within the Group shall be employed solely for costs related to (i) the CJ70 under construction (the "Rig" or the "CJ70 project" at the Yard, (ii) the FPSO indirectly owned by the Borrower currently under conversion at the Yard, and (iii) SG&A (including, without limitation, interest costs, insurance and management fees). (v) Include in the Loan Security for the Loan; (i) a second priority assignment in the management agreement with Larsen Oil & Gas for the Rig, (ii) a second priority assignment in any employment contracts entered into for the Rig, and (iii) a second priority assignment over equipment supply contracts entered into for the BOP (Hydril), Diverter (Vetco) and Cranes (NOV) (as a floating charge) which is ordered as owner furnished equipment, which security interest shall rank behind the Better Priority Debt (as defined in the Loan Agreement). (vi) During the Waiver Period, the Borrower will ensure that no payment of management fees is made to any person prior to the dates or in greater amounts than envisaged in the budgets included in the "Company Update" enclosed to the notice to the bondholders meeting dated 11 December 2008.
Kind regards, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Ola Nygard*. A
-2-

