FINAL TERMS
21 March 2016
Storebrand Boligkreditt AS
Issue of NOK 2,500,000,000 Floating Rate Notes, Storebrand Boligkreditt AS Covered Bond 2016/2021 (extendable to June 2022), Series NO0010760192 under the 2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2015 which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu.

1.

(a) Series Number:

NO0010760192

(b) Tranche Number:

1

(c) Date on which the Notes will be Not Applicable consolidated and form a single Series:

2.

Specified Currency or Currencies:

Norwegian Kroner ("NOK")

3. Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(a) Series:

NOK 2,500,000,000

(b) Tranche:

NOK 2,500,000,000

4. Issue Price:

100 per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

5.

(a) Specified Denominations:

NOK 1,000,000

Calculation Amount

NOK 1,000,000

6.

(a) Issue Date:

(b) Interest Commencement Date:

30 March 2016 Issue Date

7. Maturity Date: 8. Extended Final Maturity Date: 9. Interest Basis:
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 11. Change of Interest Basis:
12. Put/Call Options:

Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to June 2021
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to June 2022; in each case falling one year after the Maturity Date
3 month NIBOR + 0.79 per cent. Floating Rate from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the Maturity Date. (see paragraph 15 below)
3 month NIBOR + 0.79 per cent. Floating Rate from and including the Maturity Date to but excluding the Extended Final Maturity Date. (see paragraph 15 below)
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount
If the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in these Final Terms, then payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and will be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including the Extended Final Maturity Date.
Not Applicable

13. Date Board approval for issuance of Notes 25 June 2015

obtained:

respectively

and 25 June 2015,

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions

Not Applicable

15. Floating Rate Note Provisions

(i) Period to (and including) the Maturity Date: Applicable

(a) Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment Dates:

IMM dates falling in March, June, September and December each year from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below.

(b) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention

(c) Additional Business Centre(s):

Oslo

(d) Manner in which the Rate of Screen Rate Determination Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(e) Party responsible for calculating Paying Agent the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(f) Screen Rate Determination:

·

Reference Rate:

Reference Rate: 3 month NIBOR

·

Interest Determination Second Oslo business day prior to the start

Date(s):

of each Interest Period

·

Relevant Screen Page:

Reuter page NIBR (at 12 a.m. in Oslo)

(g) ISDA Determination:

Not Applicable

(h) Linear Interpolation:

Applicable - the Rate of interest for the short first Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation between 2 month NIBOR and 3 month NIBOR

(i) Margin(s):

+ 0.79 per cent. per annum

(j) Minimum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(k) Maximum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(l) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

(ii) Period from (but excluding) the Maturity Date Applicable to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date:

(a) Specified

Period(s)/Specified

Interest Payment Dates:

(b) Business Day Convention:

(c) Additional Business Centre(s):

(d) Manner in which the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(e) Party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(f) Screen Rate Determination:

·

Reference Rate:

·

Interest Determination

Date(s):

·

Relevant Screen Page:

(g) ISDA Determination:

(h) Margin(s):

(i) Minimum Rate of Interest:

(j) Maximum Rate of Interest: (k) Day Count Fraction: 16. Zero Coupon Note Provisions

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

17. Issuer Call:

18. Investor Put:

19. Final Redemption Amount:

IMM dates falling in March, June, September and December each year from and including the Maturity Date to but excluding the Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below. Modified Following Business Day Convention Oslo Screen Rate Determination
Paying Agent
Reference Rate: 3 month NIBOR Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period Reuters page NIBR (at 12 a.m. in Oslo) Not Applicable + 0.79 per cent. per annum Not Applicable Not Applicable Actual/360 Not Applicable
Not Applicable Not Applicable NOK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

20. Form of Notes:

(a) Form:

VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry form

(b) New Global Note:

No

21. Additional Financial Centre(s):

Oslo

22. Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C rules TEFRA D applicable or TEFRA rules not applicable or TEFRA D (Swiss practice):

Signed on behalf of Storebrand Boligkreditt AS:

Duly authorised

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING

(i) Listing and Admission to trading:

Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Oslo Stock Exchange with effect from or about 30 March 2016.

(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to admission to trading:

30 000

2. RATINGS

Ratings:

The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated:

Aaa by Moody's

3. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Dealer, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer and its affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business

4. YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)

Not Applicable

5. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(i) ISIN Code:

NO0010760192

(ii) Common Code:

Not Applicable

(iii) Any clearing system(s) other

than Euroclear Bank

S.A./N.V. and Clearstream

Banking, societe anonyme

and

the

relevant

identification number(s):

Verdipapirsentralen, Norway VPS Identification number 985 140 421 The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from the register maintained by the VPS for the purposes of performing its obligations under the VPS Notes

(iv) Delivery:

Delivery against payment

(v) Names andaddresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if any):

Storebrand Bank ASA, Postboks 474, 1327 Lysaker

(vi) Intended to be heldin a

No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no"

manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility:

at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

6

DISTRIBUTION

(i) Method of distribution:

Non-syndicated

(ii) If syndicated, names of Not Applicable Managers:

(iii) Date of Agreement:

Subscription Not Applicable

(iv) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if Not Applicable any):

(v) If non-syndicated, name of Swedbank AB (publ) relevant Dealer:

(vi) U.S. Selling Restrictions:

Reg S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D

