NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne m elding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 067557.2 - "3mN+6.75 per cent Western Bulk Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2013/2017"
Oslo, 3 July 2014
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Amendments of Bond Agreement
Nordic Trustee ASA is appointed as Bond Trustee for the above mentioned Bond issue.
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 17 April 2013 and made between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein. References to Clauses and paragraphs are references to Clauses and paragraphs of the Bond Agreement.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. BACKGROUND In April 2013, the Issuer raised a bond issue of NOK 300 million for general corporate purposes.
In October 2013, Western Bulk ASA carried out an initial public offering ("IPO") and the Issuer's shares were listed on Oslo Stock Exchange (ticker: WBULK). As part of the IPO, new shares were issued and the Issuer's equity was strengthened with approximately USD 35.5 million. At the same time, the Co-investments with the main shareholder Kistefos AS were divested and replaced with cash (USD 27.25 million). Consequently, Western Bulk ASA has significantly improved its cash position and its equity subsequent to the bond issue.
Going from a privately owned to a publicly traded company, the Issuer would like to make certain practical changes to clauses in the Bond Agreement to reduce the administrative burdens and costs for the Issuer and amend the dividend clause to enhance the trading of the shares and value of the Issuer.
2. PROPOSAL AND RATIONALE In accordance with Clause 17.1 of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' Meeting in order to obtain the Bondholders' approval to the proposed amendments to the Bond Agreement as described below, pursuant to the authority given to the Bondholders' Meeting under Clause 16.1 of the Bond Agreement.

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1. Oslo

1-

-

nordictrustee.com

The Issuer proposes the following (the "Proposals"):
2.1 Option for quarterly dividends and a share buy-back basket
The Issuer proposes to change from semi-annual to quarterly dividend policy, still with a maximum dividend limit of 100% of net profits and still with possibility of bringing dividend capacity forward within the quarters of a calendar year. Dividend capacity in each quarter will continue to be calculated on an accumulated basis throughout the calendar year.
The Issuer also proposes to have a separate USD 10 million carve-out for share buy-backs, in addition to the dividend option above. This tranche will be in addition to the 100% maximum dividends, and shall be an aggregate amount that may be utilized until the maturity of the Bonds. Any shares purchased under the dividend capacity shall not count under this special tranche, and shares purchased under the tranche which are subsequently disposed shall for the purpose of the tranche maximum amount be reversed with the net proceeds from the sale.
Rationale: By entering the public stock market, the Issuer may consider to buy back its own shares from time to time. Share buy-back programs are strictly regulated by the stock exchange regulations, and timing depends on the Issuer not possessing inside information at the time o f the trade and is also a question about timing the transactions when deemedfavorable compared to the quoted share price. Combining the share buy-back with dividend payments on a quarterly basis can therefore be very difficultfrom practical reasons, and in certain periods the Issuer will not be able to buy back shares at all (depending on dividends paidfo r previous periods, and in particular since not able to bring dividend capacityforw ardfrom one calendar year to another).
2.2 Remove requirement for limited audited review in connection with interim dividends, as well as enclosing unconsolidated accounts in interim financial reports
· The Issuer proposes to remove the requirements for limited audited review of interim accounts in connection with dividends.
· Also, the Issuer proposes to change from semi-annual reporting to quarterly reporting and to remove the requirement to issue unconsolidated accounts at the Issuer level on an interim basis.
Rationale: With the IPO, the Issuer has increased transparency andfrequency offinancial reporting. The Issuer now reports its consolidated financials on a quarterly basis, and with a monthly trading update published on the gross margin o f its chartering division. The consolidatedfinancials are prepared in accordance with IFRS and are subject to review by the Financial Supervisory Authority o f Norway (Finanstilsynet) as required fo r all publicly listed companies in Norway. This should reduce the Bondholders' need fo r limited auditor's review in connection with interim dividends, as well as enclosing unconsolidated accounts fo r the Issuer in the interim financials. Furthermore, the requirement fo r unconsolidated parent company accounts was removed from the continuing obligations fo r bonds listed on Nordic AB M in the revised version dated 1 July 2013. To reduce administrative burden and costsfo r the Issuer, it is proposed to delete these requirements.
Please refer to Appendix 1 for the proposed changes in the relevant clauses of the Bond Agreement.

2-

-

Amendment fee
As a compensation to the Bondholders, the Issuer offers the Bondholders a one-time amendment fee of 1.00% (flat) of the face value of the Bonds, payable to the Bondholders (with record date at end-ofbusiness the date of the Bondholders' Meeting), within 10 banking days after the Bondholders' Meeting, provided that the Bondholders' Meeting accept the proposed changes as set out in Clause 2 of this Summons.
3. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED AMENDMENTS
3.1 The Issuer's evaluation
In the Issuer's opinion, the proposed amendments will enhance the value and financial flexibility of the Issuer, which will further benefit the Bondholders. Furthermore, the Proposal is well balanced with Bondholders' interests as the share buy-back in aggregate is less than the equity increase that was carried out in connection with the IPO.
The Issuer believes the proposed one-time waiver fee should be fair compensation for the Bondholders to accept the Proposal.
The Issuer has engaged Pareto Securities AS as its financial advisor (the "Advisor") with respect to the Proposal. Accordingly, Bondholders may contact Pareto Securities AS Fixed Income Sales at +47 22 87 87 70 for further information.
The Advisor is acting solely for the Issuer and no-one else in connection with the Proposal. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the Advisor with respect to the Issuer and the Advisor expressly disclaim any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to the information contained herein).
3.2 Support from the Bondholders
Prior to this summons letter being distributed, the Issuer has informed the Bond Trustee that they have received support for the proposal from the majority of the Bondholders in ISIN NO 001 067557.2.
3.3 The Bond Trustee's disclaimer/non-reliance
Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders from the Bond Trustee. Bondholders should independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly.
The information in this summons regarding the legal, operational andfinancial status o f the Issuer is provided by the Issuer. The Bond Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever related to such information given from the Issuer.
4. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
To enable the Issuer to conduct the proposed change of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.
-3 -

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

17 July at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon Vns gt 1,01061 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda: 1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

The individual bondholder may authorise the Nordic Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Nordic Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).

In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Fonn was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (www.mail@trustee.no) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.

Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA

Appendix: 1. Application of the proposed changes in the relevant clauses of the loan agreement 2. Bondholder's Form

4-

-

Appendix: Application of the proposed changes in the relevant clauses of the loan agreement
1.1 Definitions "Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for the quarters ending on 31 March, 30 June and 30 September each year, drawn up according to GAAP.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports for periods ending at any Calculation Date under Clause 13.2.1 (c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.4 (a) Dividends and other distributions
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders (included but not limited to total return swaps) in any financial year except:

(i) In respect of the first quarter of any calendar year an amount which does not exceed 100% of the Group's consolidated net profit after taxes for that first quarter period based on its Interim Accounts;

(ii)

In respect of the second quarter of any calendar year an amount which does not

exceed 100% of the Group's consolidated net profit after taxes for the first and the

second quarter in aggregate less any amounts distributed pursuant to (i) above;

(iii) In respect of the third quarter of any calendar year an amount which does not exceed 100% of the Group's consolidated net profit after taxes for the first, second and the third quarter in aggregate less any amounts distributed pursuant to (i) and (ii) above;

(iv) in respect of each calendar year an amount which does not exceed 100% of the Group's consolidated net profit after taxes according to the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year less any amounts distributed pursuant to (i), (ii) and (iii) above.

(v)

in addition to the rights to make distributions under clause 13.4 (a) (i) - (iv)

above, the Issuer shall have the right to acquire shares in the Issuer for an

aggregate consideration not exceeding USD 10,000,000 (the "Repurchase

Limitation Amount") in total at any time during the term of the Bond Issue. To the

extent the Issuer acquires own shares for a consideration which exceeds the

amounts permitted to be distributed from time to time under clause 13.4 (a) (i) -

(iv) above, the Repurchase Limitation Amount shall be reduced by an amount

equal the consideration paid in such acquisitions. If the Issuer sells any own shares

the Repurchase Limitation Amount shall be increased by an amount equal to the

5-

-

H
net proceeds from such sale, provided that the Repurchase Limitation Amount may never be increased above USD 10,000,000. Any acquisition of own shares pursuant to this clause 13.4 (a) (v) shall not reduce the amounts available for distribution pursuant to clause 13.4 (a) (i) - (iv) above.
The amount distributable in (i) to (iv) may be distributed by way of a loan. Undistributed amounts for one financial year may not be carried forward to any subsequent financial year, but undistributed amounts for a quarter may be carried forward to subsequent quarters in the same financial years.
The Issuer shall be in compliance with the Book Equity Ratio immediately after any such distribution has taken place.

6-

-

