CP Latina retains Clarksons Platou Securities to assist in review of financing and strategic opportunities

Mexico City, Mexico. February 29, 2016 - Given the challenging market conditions, Constructora y Perforadora Latina S.A. de C.V. ("CP Latina") announced today that it has retained Clarksons Platou Securities as its financial advisor to assist management and the board of directors on evaluating various strategic alternatives related to its business and capital structure.

Ricardo Gutierrez Munoz, Director General and Chief Executive Officer, commented, "In the beginning of 2015, Petroleos Mexicanos ("Pemex") initiated a series of negotiations with a majority of their service providers with the objective to achieve a substantial reduction in costs and expenses. With respect to CP Latina's drilling rigs, the contractual rates for the two jackup drilling rigs were reduced from USD 158,000 to USD 125,000 per day for one year (effective June 1, 2015) in return for a one year extension of the contract term, jointly for the two jackup drilling rigs. Furthermore, during July. 2015, the budget assigned by the government of Mexico to Pemex was exhausted without any possibility to obtain new loans to continue operations. As a result of this, all payments to "non-essential" providers, including CP Latina, were suspended from July 2015. In October 2015, Pemex announced that all commitments made to providers up to that date would be paid within a period of 180 days after acceptance of invoices. In December 2015, CP Latina obtained signed amendments to their drilling contracts, and other legal regulations, by agreeing to the new payment structure. CP Latina has, during this period, explored the possibility to factor such invoices that were already approved by Pemex. Flowever, this has proven to be difficult given that such relevant local banks have received numerous factoring requests from several other Pemex providers, thereby saturating available credit lines that were able to take Pemex risk. Since payments were suspended by Pemex in July 2015 and for work up to the end of January 2016, CP Latina will have invoiced Pemex for a total of USD 60.7m. As of today CP Latina has been able to factor a total of USD 47.0m. CP Latina is now experiencing that factoring will no longer be available in the market. As there is no solution for funding further working capital needs and as the market situation and challenges at Pemex is still unresolved, we have decided to retain Clarksons Platou Securities to assist in review of financing and strategic opportunities."

About CP Latina

CP Latina, a Mexican limited liability company, is an offshore drilling contractor, with an owned fleet of two jackup drilling rigs, the La Santa Maria and the La Covadonga, and one modular drilling rig, the Latina Modular 01. CP Latina's primary business is to contract drilling units, related equipment and work crews primarily on a dayrate basis to drill oil and natural gas wells. Through its fleet of three owned drilling units, CP Latina is a provider of offshore contract drilling services to Pemex.

Contact

^

Ricardo Guterrezwluhoz, Director General asd Chief Executive Officer, Tel: +52 (55) 4125-3600

