NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
To the bondholders in:
- ISIN NO 001 039578.3 - 10.85% PetroMena ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2010
Oslo, 23 June 2011
Proposal to Authorise Release of Mortgage over and sale of the SS Petrolia Rig - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. BACKGROUND
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM"/"Norsk Tillitsmann") acts as trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") of bonds (the "Bonds") in the above mentioned loan with ISIN NO 001 039578.3 where PetroMena ASA is the borrower (the "Borrower"). NTM expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever related to the information provided in this Summons. All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the loan agreement related to the 10.85% Bonds (the "Loan Agreement") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated. As Bondholders will be aware, since the Bonds were declared in default in April 2009, NTM has taken steps to recover amounts due under the Loan Agreement. As a result of those steps, Mr. Knut Ro was appointed by the Norwegian courts as liquidator of the Borrower, and in turn this has led to Mr. Ro seeking to take effective control of Petromena Limited ("PML"), the wholly-owned Cypriot subsidiary of the Borrower which owns the semi submersible rig the SS Petrolia (the "Rig"), and which has provided a mortgage over the Rig and a guarantee in respect of the Bonds.
Mr. Ro has taken effective control of PML by being appointed as a director and chairman to that company. There are now funds held by PML which will be available for distribution to the Bondholders once certain conditions have been satisfied. One of the key conditions which must be satisfied before a distribution can be made is that there is a sale of the Rig. Mr. Ro has indicated that until the Rig is sold, the directors of PML will not be in a position to distribute funds held by PML in case a liability arises as a result of the ownership of the Rig for which funds are required. It is therefore proposed that the Rig is disposed of to enable a distribution of funds to Bondholders,
It is expected that upon a sale of the Rig, PML will be in a position to distribute in the region of US$25 million to NTM in respect of the Bonds. If any additional monies are received by PML (for example, approximately US$ 21 million is expected to be paid to PML in relation to a letter of credit provided in connection with the Pemex contract referred to in Section 2 below), these funds would also then be available for distribution to NTM.
2. THE SS PETROLIA RIG
The Rig was constructed in 1976 and has been upgraded on a number of occasions. It was on contract with Pemex in the Gulf of Mexico from February 2008 until June 2010. When the Pemex contract ended, the Rig was mobilised to the shipyard Ingleside TX and has been laid up there since September 2010. The Rig is currently being managed by Merlin Energy Inc ("Merlin"). Within the last 12 months Mr. Helge Haakonson (the retired CEO of Fred Olsen Drilling) was retained to performed an independent inspection of the Rig on behalf of the Bondholders as part of certain Norwegian court proceedings being pursued by NTM (on behalf of the Bondholders) against LOG UK Limited, the former manager of the Rig. His estimate for the costs of recertification/renewal of the Rig was an estimated amount of US$35.2 million. Efforts have been made to obtain interest from third parties in connection with either a sale of the Rig or a new drilling contract, but no offers have been received. Since mid-2010 to date, over 25 drilling
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax:+47 22 87 94 to | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
contractors were contacted and received specifications for the Rig. Of those contractors, 12 were provided with access to a data room and 8 went on to perform on-site inspections on the Rig. However, no binding offers have been received and this marketing process appears to have come to an end for the present time.
Notwithstanding this, scrapping the Rig has not been seen as a viable option given the prohibitively high mobilization costs and potential environmental liabilities.
However, just recently, an opportunity has arisen with respect to a further drilling contract for a period of approximately 2.5 years. Accordingly, Merlin are in the process of preparing a bid package for a public tender for this contract (the "Tender"). It has now become apparent that the Tender bid package will need to be delivered by no later than 27 June 2011. It is customary in relation to drilling tenders for rig-owners to work together with a local agent, and Merlin is working with Bravo Drilling, a privately owned drilling contactor, which will submit the bid and, if successful, will be the entity awarded the drilling contract. Accordingly, PML (as the current owner of the Rig) must provide a letter to Bravo Drilling to commit the Rig to Bravo Drilling for the duration of the drilling contract as part of the bid package (the "Commitment Letter"). Without this assurance that the Rig will be available to Bravo Drilling to conduct the required services, Bravo Drilling will not be in a position to participate in the Tender. Bravo Drilling have advised that a sale of the Rig should not be problematic to the Tender process, although any purchaser of the Rig would of course also need to commit the Rig to Bravo Drilling. The Commitment Letter will therefore specify that a sale of the Rig is contemplated and will contain provisions to deal with this scenario.
In order for PML to provide the Commitment Letter, Mr. Ro requires consent from NTM, in its capacity as mortgagee of the Rig and pledgee of the shares in PML. One purpose of this Summons is to obtain the requisite consents from Bondholders to NTM providing its consent to PML. However, since the deadline for submitting the Tender is before the date of the Bondholders' meeting contemplated by this Summons, NTM expects to obtain irrevocable commitments from Bondholders holding in aggregate over 66 2/3% of the Bonds that they will vote in favour of the resolutions set out in this Summons. Accordingly, with such consents in place, NTM will provide its consent to PML providing the Commitment Letter to Bravo Drilling, with such act to be ratified by the Bondholders' meeting convened by this Summons.
It is expected that notice of the winning bidder will be given within a matter of days after the Tender deadline. However, there is no certainty that prompt notice of the successful winner of the contract will be given or that the Tender put forward in respect of the Rig will be successful.
In connection with the Tender, Merlin have undertaken an assessment of what works would be required, and what costs would be involved. They have indicated that to be available to service a drilling contract, the Rig must be taken to another shipyard and certain upgrade work will need to be undertaken (the "Upgrade Project"). The Upgrade Project would require a project team and support personnel. This work would take approximately 3 months to complete. The Ingleside yard has now given notice that the Rig must be moved by 15 July 2011, as it was contractually entitled to do. The Rig will therefore likely be moved to a yard in Mexico and, if the Tender were to be successful, the yard in Mexico to which the Rig is moved will undertake the Upgrade Project work.
Merlin estimate the project costs (plus ready-stacked idle costs over the next 12 months, were the Tender to be unsuccessful) to amount to up to US$34 million.
Whilst PML may be willing to expend the costs of moving the Rig, Mr. Ro has indicated that he would not be willing to cause PML to expend any of the costs involved in the Upgrade Project. The cost of moving the Rig and storing it for a short period of time until such time as it is disposed of by PML is estimated to be up to US$4.6m, barring weather or technical related delays. The consent of the Bondholders is also requested in connection with the proposed move of the Rig.
3. PROPOSED TRANSFER OF RIG TO BONDHOLDER SPV
Given that there are presently no third parties who have expressed an interest in purchasing the Rig, it is proposed that the Rig is purchased from PML by some or all of the Bondholders. This will allow PML to make distributions to Bondholders, and will also open up the opportunity of providing capital
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
for the Upgrade Project in connection with the Tender opportunity, or if this is unsuccessful, then other tender opportunities or an onward sale of the Rig. More specifically, it is proposed that the Rig is purchased from PML by a newly-incorporated SPV entity which is owned and financed by one or more Bondholders ("BidCo"). It is proposed that the Rig will be sold on an `as is where is' basis with no or limited representations and warranties. The consideration payable for the Rig will be either (i) US$2 million, in circumstances where Bravo Drilling has been announced as the successful bidder in respect of the Tender at the time the sale being consummated or (ii) in all other cases, US$1.00. The consent of the Bondholders will be required in connection with (i) the proposed sale of the Rig, and (ii) the release of the mortgage over the Rig which was granted to secure repayment of the Bonds (the "Mortgage"). Another purpose of this Summons is to obtain such consent from Bondholders.
4. PARTICIPATION IN BONDHOLDER SPV
This Summons is also being used to begin the process of establishing the level and extent of interest from Bondholders to become involved in the ownership and financing of BidCo. In particular, Bondholders are invited pursuant to this Summons to express their interest in becoming a shareholder in BidCo and participating in an equity raise by BidCo (the "Equity Raise").
In summary, it is expected that BidCo will need total funding commitments of up to US$4 lm (the "Funding Requirement") of which US$12m is expected to be drawn-down by BidCo immediately to acquire the Rig and to pay for short term management costs and, if necessary, the commencement of the Upgrade Project, or otherwise stacking costs. The balance is needed for longer-term management and capex costs in connection with the Rig.
Bondholders that wish to participate in the Equity Raise are requested to complete the Bondholder Response Form attached to this Summons at Exhibit A and the confidentiality undertaking attached to this Summons at Exhibit B and return them to the postal or email address set forth on the Bondholder Response Form and in the section entitled "Further information" below. Bondholder Response Forms and Confidentiality Undertakings should be returned by 5pm (London time) on 1 July
2011.
It is currently expected that the minimum investment commitment from a Bondholder in the Equity Raise shall be at least US$100,000 (the "Expected Minimum Commitment"). Bondholders that return a duly completed Bondholder Response Form and Confidentiality Undertaking and express interest in participation in amount equal to at least the Expected Minimum Commitment are referred to in this Summons as "Interested Bondholders".
As from 27 June 2011, an information pack will be made available to Interested Bondholders (the "Information Pack"). The Information Pack will contain further details in relation to the Rig, the Tender, the Funding Requirement, the Equity Raise and the proposed sale of the Rig to BidCo.
Interested Bondholders that have not delivered binding funding commitments to BidCo by the date specified in the Information Pack for providing binding commitments (the "Longstop Date") (currently expected to be 8 July 2011), will not be able to participate in the Equity Raise. It is expected that Interested Bondholders that have provided binding funding commitments to BidCo will need to provide actual funding by 15 July 2011.
Further information
In order to receive an Information Pack, Bondholders will first be required to fully complete and submit evidence of their status as a Bondholder, a completed Bondholder Response Form (as set forth in Exhibit A) and a Confidentiality Undertaking (as set forth in Exhibit B hereto). Evidence of status as a Bondholders should be a VPS account statement or a letter from a custodian bank.
Please send all Bondholder Response Forms, Confidentiality Undertakings and evidence of status as a Bondholder to Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP by email (with a copy sent by fax) by no later than 5pm London time on 1 July 2011 to:
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 to | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Hannah Wright Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP 41 Lothbury London EC2R 7HF hannah.wright@bingham.com Fax: +44 20 7661 5400
Any Bondholder that does not provide a completed Bondholder Response Form, Confidentiality Undertaking and evidence of status as a Bondholder prior to the Longstop Date shall not be entitled to receive the Information Pack and will not have an opportunity to participate in the Equity Raise.
If and to the extent it deems it necessary, prior to the delivery of the Information Pack to any person, BidCo may require information in addition to the requirements set forth herein.
BidCo shall have no obligation to provide any further communication regarding the Equity Raise to any Bondholder that does not submit a Bondholder Response Form, Confidentiality Undertaking and evidence of status as a Bondholder and any other required information as set forth herein, prior to the Longstop Date.
This Summons is not an offer of securities in BidCo which is capable of acceptance, and there may be legal or regulatory reasons as to why a Bondholder who indicates an interest in participating in the Equity Raise may not be eligible to participate in the Offer.
The provision by a Bondholder of a Bondholder Response Form shall constitute an expression of interest only and shall not bind such Bondholder to participate in the Equity Raise of BidCo. The dollar amount of potential commitment to BidCo inserted in the Bondholder Response Form shall be a non-binding indication and a Bondholder shall retain the right to commit a different amount (or not to participate at all) in any Equity Raise.
5. EVALUATION
When considering whether to participate in the Equity Raise, Bondholders should be aware that there is no certainty that the Tender will be successful. It should also be noted that the Funding Requirement set out above is a current estimate only and it is possible that a higher or lower amount may be required. It is therefore possible that BidCo will need to raise additional financing above the Funding Requirement in order to complete the Upgrade Project, There is no guarantee that participating in the Equity Raise will result in any recoveries and Bondholders may lose any investment which is made as part of the Equity Raise. Neither NTM, PML, Petromena ASA, Mr. Ro or any of their advisers are making any recommendation as to whether a Bondholder should participate in the Equity Raise or the other matters referred to in this Summons. Bondholders should independently evaluate the proposals set forth in this Summons and vote accordingly.1'
6. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS
Bondholders' meetings in the Bonds are summoned:
Time: 1 July 2011 at 2 pm (Oslo time) (1 pm London time) Place: the premises of NTM, Haakon VII's gate 1, Oslo (Norway)
Agenda:
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax:+47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from NTM.
1. Approval of summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Consent to certain proposals:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting in relation to the 10.85% Bond Loan referred to in the heading to this meeting summons to resolve the following resolutions:
Norsk Tillitsmann is authorised and instructed to consent (in its capacity as pledgee of the shares in PML and mortgagee of the Rig):
(a) to PML incurring expenses involved in the moving of the Rig and storing it until such time as it is disposed of by PML;
(b) to PML entering into the Commitment Letter and generally to committing the Rig to the Tender;
(c) to the sale of the Rig by PML to BidCo for cash consideration of not less than either (i) US$2 million, in circumstances where Bravo Drilling has been announced as the successful bidder in respect of the Tender at the time the sale of the Rig is consummated or (ii) in all other cases, US$1.00 and, in each case, on such other terms as NTM may determine in its absolute discretion; and
(d) to the release of the Mortgage over the Rig upon consummation of the sale of the Rig to BidCo.
According to the Loan Agreement, the proposals set forth in (a) and (b) above require a majority of 1/2 of the Bonds and the proposals set forth in (c) and (d) above require a qualified majority of 2/3 of the Bonds, in each case represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favour of such proposals and a minimum 2/10 of the outstanding bonds being represented at the meeting for the Bonds. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the present date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered).
The individual Bondholder may authorise NTM to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising NTM to vote, must then be returned to NTM in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that the Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the NTM accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to NTM, to notify NTM by telephone or by e-mail (as set out at the first page of this letter) by 17.00 hours Oslo time (16.00 hours London time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitspiann ASIA
IMixuA
Linn Verås Enclosure: - VPS statement/Power of attorney form.
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax:+47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

EXHIBIT A BONDHOLDER RESPONSE FORM
We refer to the Bondholders summons issued by Norsk Tillitsmann to the holders of the Bonds on 23 June 2011 (the "Summons"). Terms defined in the Summons shall have the same meaning when used in this Bondholder Response Form.
I certify that the following is true and correct and that the Bondholder named below is interested in potentially participating in the Equity Raise.
Full legal name of Bondholder:

Amount of Bonds held by Bondholder:

Evidence of holding of Bonds attached?

Proposed Commitment in Equity Raise

Please send all Bondholder Response Forms, Confidentiality Undertakings and evidence of status as a Bondholder to Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP by 5pm London time on 1 July 2011:

Hannah Wright Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP 41 Lothbury London EC2R7HF hannah.wright@bingham.com

Signed by or on behalf of the Bondholder:

Name:

________________________________

Signature:

Date: Address:

Telephone: Email:

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Exhibit B
[On Bondholder Letterhead]
[·] June 2011
PetroMena Ltd
Ernst & Young House 27 Spyrou Kryprianou Ave. Mesa Geitiona, Limassol Cyprus
Attention: Mr. Knut Ro
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Haakon VH gate 1 0161 OSLO
Attention: Ola Nygard
Confidentiality Statement
We refer to the summons to a Bondholders' meeting dated 23 June 2011 in respect of the ISIN NO 001 039578.3 - 10.85% PetroMena ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2010 (the "Summons"). Capitalised terms used in this letter which are not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given to them in the Summons.
We have submitted a Bondholder Response Form and are interested in participating in the Equity Raise. We would therefore like to receive certain non-public information about the Tender, the Rig, the Equity Raise, the Funding Requirement and the proposed sale of the Rig to BidCo, including a copy of the Information Pack.
In this connection we agree to the following.
We acknowledge that the Confidential Information (as defined below) may include information which constitutes inside information and that we are aware of the duties and responsibilities this entails, including that anyone who possesses such inside information may not take any part in, or give advice in relation to, any trading of shares or bonds or exercise any right to buy or sell shares or bonds in PetroMena ASA if it would be in violation of insider trading or other applicable securities laws.
Except as expressly provided herein (or otherwise with the prior written consent of Petromena Ltd or BidCo (once established)), we will keep confidential all information of any kind received from Petromena Ltd, BidCo, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP or AMA Capital Partners about BidCo, the Tender, the Rig, the Equity Raise, the Funding Requirement and the proposed sale of the Rig to BidCo (including, but not limited to, the Information Pack) and which has not entered the public domain (other than by a breach of this letter agreement) or is not generally known to the public (the "Confidential Information").
For the avoidance of doubt, Confidential Information shall not include any information which (i) is already in our or any of our Representatives' (as defined below) possession or (ii) becomes available to us or any of our Representatives on a non-confidential basis from a source other than Petromena Ltd, BidCo, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP or AMA Capital Partners, provided that such source is not known by us or our Representatives, as the case may be, to be subject to any legal or contractual obligation to keep such information confidential or (iii) is independently developed by us or on our behalf without violating any of our obligations hereunder.
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax:+47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
The obligations hereunder shall remain valid regardless of in which way and in which form we receive the Confidential Information, and they remain valid until the earlier of (a) two years from the date hereof or (b) such earlier date as Petromena Ltd or BidCo (once established) may agree. We acknowledge that we are only permitted to disclose Confidential Information to (i) any party who has represented to us that they are a holder of the Bonds and who has entered into a confidentiality letter in substantially similar form to this letter, (ii) our affiliates and our and their respective partners, members, directors, officers, employees, agents and professional advisors (including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants, consultants and financial advisors) (collectively, our "Representatives") and (iii) as is permitted in the paragraph immediately following. Such Confidential Information will only be used by us and/or the Representatives to analyse and verify any matters in connection with the Equity Raise, for ensuring compliance with all legal and/or regulatory requirements which may arise for the undersigned from time to time and for the purposes of legal proceedings and, save as provided in the previous paragraph, will not be submitted or in other ways made available to any person other than any person to whom information is requested or required to be disclosed by any court of competent jurisdiction, any governmental, judicial, supervisory, banking, taxation or other regulatory authority or similar body, or as may be required by the rules of any relevant stock exchange or pursuant to applicable law or regulation. We confirm that our Representatives will be made aware of the above obligations and we shall be responsible to ensure that they observe such obligations. We will, by written request from Petromena Ltd or BidCo (once established), return or destroy any physical rendering of Confidential Information that we have received. In such event, we will provide you within 14 days of your written demand a certificate stating that we have complied with such request. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the undersigned and our Representatives shall be entitled to retain Confidential Information to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation or established document retention policies. Although this letter is only addressed to Petromena Ltd, it is intended to be enforceable by the entity which is established and communicated to us as BidCo and accordingly, whichever entity is established as BidCo shall have the right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce and enjoy the benefit of the terms of the confidentiality undertaking. This statement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England. Yours faithfully
[Name of Bondholder entity] By: Name: Title:
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

