NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kim utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee AS
To the bondholders ("Bondholders44) in:
ISIN NO 001 068656.1 FRN E Forland AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2013/2018 ("EFOR01 PRO")
Oslo, 20 October 2017
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - E Forland AS
Nordic Trustee AS (the "Bond Trustee44) acts as bond trustee for the Bondholders in the above mentioned senior secured bond issue (the "Bonds44 or the "Bond Issue44) issued by E Forland AS (the "Issuer") and guaranteed by Frode Bjørn AS (the "Parent") under the bond agreement dated 2 September 2013 (the "Bond Agreement44).
Defined terms used in this summons shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Bond Agreement unless otherwise set out herein or required by the context.
The purpose of this summons is to present to the Bondholders:
(i) The Proposal: a proposal as described in chapter 1 (Background) and 2.1 (Proposal) below; and if the Proposal is not adopted; (ii) the Backup Proposal as described in 2.2 (Backup Proposal) which only allows for an amendment of the change of control clause.
The Proposal and the Backup Proposal will be subject to separate resolutions, accordingly, each bondholder should cast independent votes in respect of both the Proposal and the Backup Proposal.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer, market conditions and the described transactions is provided by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1 BACKGROUND
The Parent through its subsidiaries (together the "Group") has a fleet of two wholly-owned subsea vessels, Forland Inspector (formerly Lewek Inspector) and Fugro Saltire. Forland Inspector is financed through a bank loan while Fugro Saltire is financed through the Bonds.
In February 2017, EMAS AMC, the charterer of Forland Inspector, filed for bankruptcy in the U.S.. Payment of the full charter hire has ceased in November 2016. Following the bankruptcy in EMAS AMC, the vessel has mostly remained idle. The vessel was recently awarded a new 9 months firm contract with a reputable client. However, the day rate is not sufficient to service scheduled debt instalments. Furthermore, in August 2017, the time charter party for Fugro Saltire was terminated effective from 1 October 2017 by Fugro (originally scheduled to last until July 2018). The Group pursues any potential claims for losses arising out of the termination from Fugro.
The day rates in the subsea segment are likely to remain relatively low in the medium teim, and it is hence unlikely that new contracts will secure day rates sufficient to service scheduled interest and instalments in full. Liquidity in the Group is approx. NOK 50 million, which is insufficient to cany the Group through to a market recovery. Forland Subsea AS (the owner of Forland Inspector) will likely require new liquidity from November 2017.
In order to secure going concern and maximise value for all stakeholders, the Group intends to raise new

P 0 Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo. Haakon Vlis gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

equity and adapt the existing repayment profiles and covenants to reflect the current market sentiment.
The Group has already secured commitment of new equity and have reached an agreement with the secured lenders in Forland Subsea AS (the "Secured Bank Lenders") subject to final credit approval, both as described below. The Issuer has also informed the Bond Trustee that approx, a majority of the Bondholders have indicated support to the Proposal.
The key elements in the proposed restructuring are as follows (together the "Proposed Restructuring"):
1.1 New equity
The principal owner of the Parent will sell 100% of the shares in the Parent to In Nord Vest AS after a restructuring has been completed. In Nord Vest AS will further contribute NOK 100 million in new equity into the Group as part of the restructuring (as described below) (full amount subject to approval of such restructuring by the Secured Bank Lenders and the Proposal).
In Nord Vest AS is an investment company specialising in investments in OSV vessels. The company has an established management organization and team with extensive track record with operations worldwide and a broad customer base. In Nord Vest AS is controlled by Åge Remøy, Magnus Roth and Torsteinn Mar Baldvinsson. Åge Remøy founded Rem Offshore ASA ("Rem") in 1996 and was CEO or chairman of the Board and main owner of that company until it merged with SolstadFarstad in 2016. Rem had among the lowest operating costs and strongest EBITDA margins among its peers. Magnus Roth and Torsteinn Mar Baldvinsson are experienced investors and operators in the maritime industry.
1.2 Proposed Bank Restructuring:
The expected key amendments to the existing secured bank debt may be summarized as follows:
· All existing financial covenants replaced with the following covenants on borrower level (Forland Subsea AS) until June 2021: o From 31 December 2019 to 30 June 2021: asset cover ratio of minimum 100% o Minimum cash of NOK 10 million until June 2021
· Unchanged interest (5.34% fixed) · Final maturity unchanged (November 2025) · Semi-annual instalments reduced by 80% to NOK 4.3 million and introduction of a cash sweep
mechanism · Up front debt reduction of NOK 10 million · Allow for In Nord Vest AS to own 100% of the Group without triggering any Change of Control
clause
subject only to (i) NOK 60 million in equity from In Nord Vest AS being injected into Forland Subsea AS (the owner of Forland Inspector), (ii) execution of the final agreement (which may contain minor adjustments to the above terms) and (iii) approval of the credit committee (but not subject to completion o f a restructuring of the Bonds) (the "Bank Restructuring").
1.3 Proposed Bond Refinancing
· All existing financial covenants on Issuer and Parent level replaced with the following covenants on Issuer level (E Forland AS) until June 2021: o From 31 December 2019 to 30 June 2021: Asset Cover Ratio of minimum 100% o Minimum Cash of NOK 10 million until June 2021
· Maturity extended to 30 June 2021 · Fixed amortization from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2017 replaced
with a cash sweep mechanism (as described below) · Unchanged interest (ND30R + 675bps) · Up front debt instalment of NOK 35 million at par

® Allow for In Nord Vest AS to own 100% of the Group without triggering any Change of Control Event
· The amendments are subject to i) NOK 100 million in new equity in Frode Bjørn AS of which NOK 30 million will be injected as new equity into the Issuer and ii) the completion of the Bank Restructuring.
2 PROPOSALS
It is proposed that the Bondholders resolve to approve the Proposal (as described in 2.1.1-2.1.3) and if the Proposal is not adopted the Backup Proposal (as described in 2.2.1 and 2.2.2):
2.1 The "Proposal"
2.1.1 Amendments to the Bond Agreement
The Bondholders' Meeting consents to the following amendments to the Bond Agreement:
(a) The following new definition shall replace current definition inserted in clause 1.1 (Definitions) in the Bond Agreement:
"Maturity D ate" means 30 June 2021. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
(b) Clause 14.8 and 14.9 in the Bond Agreement shall be deleted and replaced with the following new financial covenants:
The Issuer undertakes to comply with thefollowingfinancial covenants; · Asset Cover Ratio: The Vessel Market Value shall exceed 100% o f the aggregate face value o f the Outstanding Bondsfrom and including 31 December 2019 and until Maturity Date · The Issuer shall at all times have Cash and Cash Equivalent in excess o f NOK 10 million
(c) Clause 11.1 in the Bond Agreement shall be deleted and replaced with the following cash sweep mechanism:
All Cash and Cash Equivalents in the Issuer 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date below exceeding the amounts specified below shall be used to repay Bonds at 100% o fpar value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount). Such redemption shall take place on the following Interest Payment Dates, with the corresponding cash sweep thresholds:
March 2019; NOK 42.7 million June 2019: NOK 40.5 million December 2019: NOK 36.3 million June 2020: NOK 32.2 million December 2020: NOK 28.4 million June 2021: NOK 24.2 million
(c) The following new definition shall replace the current definition in clause 1.1 (Definitions) in the Bond Agreement:
"Change o f Control Event " means if any person or group (as such term is defined in section 1-3 o f the Norwegian Limited Companies Act), save fo r In Nord Vest AS and related parties (as such term is defined in section 1-5 o f the Norwegian Limited Companies Act) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f more than 50% o f the outstanding shares and/or voting rights o f the Parent.

2.1.2 Considerations
Upon approval of the amendments to the Bond Agreement, described in clause 2.1 (Amendments to the Bond Agreement) above, by the Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer will partially redeem Bonds for a total redemption amount of NOK 35,000,000 (the "Redemption Amount") at a price equal to 100.0% of the par value of the Bonds (resulting in a redemption of approximately 9.7% of the Outstanding Bonds). The redemption will take place no later than 15 Business Days after the date of the Bondholders' Meeting and be made on a pro rata basis. On the redemption date the Issuer will pay accrued, but unpaid interest, on the redeemed Bonds and such payment will come in addition to, and not reduce, the Redemption Amount.
2.1.3 Authorisation of the Bond Trustee
The Bondholders authorises and instructs the Bond Trustee to take such steps on behalf of the Bondholders as may be necessary in order to implement the Proposal, including, without limitation, to (i) prepare, finalise and enter into an amendment agreement to the Bond Agreement and other documentation it deems appropriate in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders' Meeting according to and such further amendments consistent with the principles of this summons, and (ii) consent and agree to further amendments of the Bank Restructuring and the Bond Refinancing where such amendments (a) are of minor or technical nature, (b) are otherwise consistent with the principles of the Proposed Restructuring as described herein, and (c) in the opinion of the Bond Trustee do not have a material adverse effect on the rights and interests of the Bondholders.
2.2 The "Backup Proposal"
2.2.1 Amendments to the Bond Agreement
The following new definition shall replace the current definition in clause 1.1 (Definitions) in the Bond Agreement:
"Change o f Control Event" means if any person or group (as such term is defined in section 1-3 o f the Norwegian Limited Companies Act), savefo r In Nord Vest AS and relatedparties (as such term is defined in section 1-5 o f the Norwegian Limited Companies Act) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f more than 50% o f the outstanding shares and/or voting rights o f the Parent
2.2.2 Authorisation of the Bond Trustee The Bondholders authorises and instructs the Bond Trustee to take such steps on behalf of the Bondholders as may be necessaiy in order to implement the Proposal, including, without limitation, to prepare, finalise and enter into an amendment agreement to the Bond Agreement and other documentation it deems appropriate in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders' Meeting according to and such further amendments consistent with the principles of this summons.

3 EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED AMENDMENTS
The Proposal and the Backup Proposal are put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendation from the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders from the Bond Trustee. Each Bondholder should independently evaluate the Proposal and the Backup Proposal and vote accordingly.
4 FURTHER INFORMATION
The Issuer has retained DNB Markets, part of DNB Bank ASA and ABG Sundal Collier ASA as financial advisors (the "Advisors"). Bondholders may contact either of the Advisors for further information.

DNB Markets Christian Malde +47 24 16 90 26 Email: Christian.Malde@dnb.no or +47 24 16 90 30 Email: bond.svndicate@dnb.no

ABG Sundal Collier ASA Ola Nygard +47 22 01 61 86/+ 47 41 21 34 10 Email: ola.nvgard@abgsc.no

The Advisors act solely for the Issuer and no-one else in connection with the Proposal. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the Advisors with respect to the Issuer, and the Advisors expressly disclaim any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to in respect of the information herein).
For further questions to the Bond Trustee, please contact:
Lars Erik Lasrum +47 22 87 94 06 Email: post@nordictrustee.com

5 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

On this background, Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time: Place:

3 November 2017 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Nordic Trustee AS, Haakon VHs gt. 1, 0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of the Proposal.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolves the following:

"The Bondholders' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in clause 2.1 o f the summons "

5. If the Proposal under agenda item 4 is not approved; Request for adoption of the Backup Proposal.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolves the following:
"The Bondholders' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in clause 2.2 o f the summons"
To approve any of the above resolutions, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If none of the proposals are adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depositoiy (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Nordic Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Nordic Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (mail@nordictrustee.com) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee AS
Lars Erik Lærum
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

