ISIN: NO 001 0584683
Amendment Agreement NO 2 to
the Bond Agreement between
Interoil Exploration & Production ASA ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 15.00 per cent InterOil Exploration & Production ASA Senior Secured
Callable Bond Issue 2010/2014

This Amendment Agreement NO 2 (the "Agreement") is dated on 19 August 2013 and made between:
(1) IntcrOil Exploration & Production ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company NO: 988 247 006) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
WHEREAS: (A) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee have on 8 September 2010 entered into a loan agreement which
was subsequently amended through an Amendment Agreement NO 1 dated 8 April 2013 (as amended, the "Bond Agreement") in respect of the bond issue with ISIN NO 001 0584683. (B) The background for the amendments in this Agreement is specified in the summons to Bondholders' meetings dated 1 July 2013. (C) On the Bondholders' meetings held 17 July 2013, the Bondholders approved, and authorised the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, to enter into this Agreement and to carry out any necessary completion work. (D) The Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Issuer has now agreed to amend the Bond Agreement on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement.
IT IS AGREED as follows: 1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERFPRETATION
In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) a term defined in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) of the Bond Agreement has the same meaning
when used in this Agreement; and (b) the principles of construction set out in Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Bond Agreement
shall have the effect as if set out in this Agreement.
2. REPRESENTATIONS The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 under Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing on the date of this Agreement. However, the repetition is qualified by the information contained in:
2

(a) the stock exchange notification issued by the Issuer on 25 March 2013 regarding a potential lawsuit against the Issuer filed by Eksportconsult AS;
(b) the prospectus published by the Issuer on 25 March 2013 (the "Prospectus"); and
(c) the writ of summons pertaining to a lawsuit (the "Lawsuit") against Petrocarbon Investment SA ("PCI") by the Issuer and Interoil Exploration and Production Latin America AS ("LATAM") to the Oslo city court of 13 June 2013 and the subsequent pleading from the Issuer and LATAM of 25 June 2013, disputing a claim for payment made by PCI against the Issuer and LATAM in relation to certain intragroup loans that PCI alleges to have acquired for collection from Interoil Peru SA.
On this background the Issuer acknowledges that litra (g) and litra (i) of Clause 7.1 are repeated with a caveat for; (i) a potential lawsuit from Eksportconsult AS; (ii) the legal proceeding pending before the Oslo city court with case number 13-104366TVI-OTIR/05 with the Issuer and LATAM as claimants and PCI as respondent and all claims and liabilities related thereto; and (iii) the on going litigation and disputes described in section 12 of the Prospectus.
3. AMENDMENT
3.1 Amendment
The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
'Clause 1.1 shall be amended as follows:
The definition of "Subsidiaries" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended to:
"Subsidiaries ''means, fo r the purpose o f this Bond Agreement, the following directly and indirectly 100% owned subsidiaries o f the Issuer:
(i) InterOil Exploration & Production Latin America AS (Norway) (registration no. 988 672 653) being a 100% owned subsidiary o f the Issuer;
(ii) InterOil Colombia Exploration & Production Inc (British Virgin Island) (whichfo r the avoidance o f doubt shall include the branch InterOil Colombia Exploration & Production Inc (Colombia)), being a 100% owned subsidiary o f InterOil Exploration & Production Latin America AS;
(iii) InterOil Peru Holding AS (Norway) (registration no. 977 133 640) being a 100% owned subsidiary o f the Issuer;
(iv) North Oil Services S.A.C. (Peru) being a 100% owned subsidiary o f InterOil Peru Holding AS;

(v) InterOil Peru S.A. (Peru) being a 100% owned subsidiary o f InterOil Peru Holding AS."
3.2 Continuing obligations The provisions of the Bond Agreement shall, save as amended and restated by this Agreement, continue in full force and effect. References to the Bond Agreement in any other document shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.
4. MISCELLANEOUS
4.1 Incorporation of terms The provisions Clause 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Agreement" are also references to this Agreement.
4.2 Additional Finance Document This Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Bond Agreement.
Each party to this Agreement acknowledge and agree that, with effect from the date of this Agreement, each reference in any Finance Document to the Bond Agreement shall be construed as a reference also to this Agreement. References to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.
GOVERNING LAW This Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.

Inter Oil Exploration & Production ASA

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Bond Trustee

4

