NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .trustee.no

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 039791.2 - FRN Hansa Property Group ASA Callable Bond Issue 2007/2010
Oslo, 1 April 2009
Proposal to amend Bond Loan Agreement - Notice from Bondholders' Meeting
On 1 April 2009 a Bondholders' meeting was held pursuant to summons of 24 March 2009 regarding a proposal of certain amendments of the Bond Loan Agreement of the above mentions bond issue (the "Bond Loan").
There were sufficient Bondholders present at the meeting to form a quorum. The proposed resolution as set out in the summons to the bondholders meeting obtained the necessary 2/3 votes in favour of the proposal, and a resolution was adapted as follows:
A. Resolution The Bondholders'Meeting approved the changes to the Loan Agreement with ISIN NO 001 039791.2 as further described in Clause 2, however, subject to the conditions as set out therein.
B. Effectiveness and execution of the resolution: Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given the power o fattorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with decisions made by the Bondholders'Meeting as well as carry out the necessary completion work, including make other necessary amendments o f the Loan Agreements and collect necessary legal opinions on the changes to the Loan Agreements i f requested.
For the Bondholders information an abstract of Clause 2 from the summons to the bondholders meeting is quoted below:
a. MARGIN: The Company proposes to decrease the Margin set out in the Loan Agreement from 4.00 percentage points to 2.00 percentage points per anno.
b. MATURITY DATE: The Company proposes that the Maturity Date is prolonged from 19 November 2010 to 19 November 2012.

M A ILIN G A D D R ESS · P .O .B O X I4 7 O V IK A , N -O I l6 O SLO

LO CATIO N · H AAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone · +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail · mail@trustee.no

· NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

c. FINANCIAL COVENANTS:

i. EXCESS CASH and EXCESS CASH SWEEP ESCROWACCOUNT: The Company proposes to set aside the covenants relating to Excess Cash and Excess Cash Sweep Escrow Account in the Loan Agreement, including the definitions.

ii.

TOTAL DEBT TO MARKET VALUE COVENANT: The Company proposes to set

aside the financial covenant in the Loan Agreement procuring that the Total Debt to

Market Value not exceeds 70% (as defined therein).

iii. EQUITY RATIO: The Company proposes to set aside the current Equity Ratio requirement as set out in the Loan Agreement.

d. EVENT OF DEFAULT CLAUSE: The Company proposes to amend the Event of Default Clause 15.1 c), d), e) and f) and to replace it with the following clauses:

c) if, for the Borrower or each o f the Guarantors, anyfinancial indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, is not paid when due within applicable grace period or is cancelled, suspended or becomes due prior to the maturity date due to an event o fdefault;

d) i f bankruptcy proceedings are opened in the Borrower or a Guarantor, or the Borrower or a Guarantorfiles for debt negotiations proceedings according to the Bankruptcy Act, declares a suspension o fpayments or declares to be insolvent;

e) i f any representation or statement made by the Borrower in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalfo f any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have need incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made

e. WAIVER: The Company proposes that the Bondholders waive its rights in the Loan Agreement to declare an Event of Default in the period until 30 June 2009 based on the action taken by the Group in connection with the execution of the restructuring plan as described in the letter from HPRO as attached to this summons (the "Restructuring Plan") or it becomes evident that the Restructuring Plan will not implemented.

f. CONDITIONS: The Proposal is subject to:

i. the Company raising minimum NOK 250 million in new capital in an equity issue before 30 June 2009 (the "Restructuring Date"). (Certain major shareholders may be granted delayed settlement for part of the new shares subscribed in the equity issue);

ii. that the General Meeting of the shareholders of HPRO make the required decisions to implement the Restructuring Plan;

iii. that the Restructuring Plan is approved by all the financial creditors of the Group;

iv. that no new information is disclosed before the Restructuring Date resulting in a major adverse change in the premises on which the Restructuring Plan is based upon,

v. The Restructuring Plan shall be executed and finalized in its entirety no later than 30 June 2009.

-2 -

· NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA Bondholders may obtain a copy of the minutes from the bondholders meeting from the Loan Trustee. Kind regards
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA --9
Hans Bernhard Lind
-3-

