NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .trustee.no
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

To the bondholders in:

ISIN: NO 001 040401.5 -FRN Krill Seaproducts AS Callable Senior Secured Bond Issue 2007/2010

Oslo, 22 May 2009
PROPOSED - RESTRUCTURING OF BOND LOAN - SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee" or "Norsk Tillitsmann") is appointed as loan trustee for the above mentioned Bond issue (the "Loan") issued by Krill Seaproducts AS (the "Borrower"). The outstanding amount of the Loan is NOK 345 000 000. The face value of each bond is NOK 500 000.
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement related to the Loan (the "Loan Agreement") or in this summons unless otherwise stated.
The Borrower has appointed NRP Securities ASA as its financial advisor (the "Advisor") in the restructuring process.
The information in this summons regarding the Borrower and market conditions are provided by the Borrower. The Loan Trustee and the Advisor expressly disclaim all liability whatsoever related to such information.
Reference is made to the previous Notice from bondholders meeting dated 16 April 2009 and Summons to bondholders meeting dated 5 May 2009 which provide some background information of the current financial situation of the Borrower and the process to find a solution. As the Borrower has not been able to fulfill certain conditions of the previously proposed solutions, the Borrower therefore proposes a new plan to solve the current challenges. This document contains a proposal from the Borrower to amend the terms of the Loan in order to secure additional funding of minimum NOK 200 million and maximum NOK 225 million, and thereby secure a fully financed project.

1. BACKGROUND

The Borrower has informed the Loan Trustee of the following:

The Borrower is the owner of the krill harvesting and factory vessel M/S Thorshovdi. The

vessel is currently undergoing an extensive conversion from a dry cargo ship to a specialized

M A IL IN G A D D R E SS T» P rO .B O X 1 4 7 O V IK A , N - O I I 6 O SLO

L O C A T I O N TB H A A K O N V I I G A T E I , O S L O , N O R W A Y

phone » +47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail ® mail@trustee.no

V 1 NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
Krill vessel at the Fiskerstrand Verft in Norway. The original cost budget for the project was NOK 525 million. During the fall of 2008 the Borrower became aware of cost overruns and delays in the conversion work. The shareholders financed this additional cost with shareholder loans of NOK 130 million.
In February 2009 the Borrower was made aware of further cost overruns and delays. This was communicated to the Bondholders, while at the same time the Borrower and the Bondholders entered into discussions regarding a change in the terms of the Loan. This was accepted by the Bondholders in a bondholder meeting on 16 April 2009 subject to the Borrower being able to raise additional NOK 180 million of funding within 30 April 2009. However, the Borrower was not able to meet the additional funding requirements within the deadline. As a consequence, the Borrower asked for, and was granted, extensions until 1 June 2009 to obtain the additional funding. On 5 May 2009 the Borrower informed the Loan Trustee (and the Bondholders through an announcement on Stamdata.no) that the board of directors of the Borrower had stopped paying all invoices and that they had ordered the yard and other suppliers to stop all work, due to shortage of funds.
As a result of the identified cost overruns and delays, and due to additional cost in connection with the halt in yard construction works, the conversion of the vessel and activation of the vessel for harvesting, the funding requirement is now calculated to be minimum NOK 200 million - maximum NOK 225 million. The proposed financing solution consists of the following:
· NOK 100 million secured loan from Innovasjon Norge
· NOK 25.0-37.5 million in a secured new bond issue (the "New Bond Issue")
· NOK 50 million in equity from existing shareholders
· NOK 25.0-37.5 million in new equity (the "New Equity Issue") The Bondholders are invited to participate in the New Bond Issue and the New Equity Issue. (This invitation is further detailed in a separate invitation submitted to the Bondholders to their registered address in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository - VPS). The New Bond Issue and the New Equity Issue are guaranteed by the existing shareholders and a major bondholder (holding approximately 41% of the bonds in the Loan).
The financial solution is however subject to a major restructuring of the existing Loan as further detailed below. For more detailed information, please contact Ingar Nissen-Meyer (tel: +47 23 23 85 42, mob: +47 415 70 818, e-mail: inm@nrp.asl or Nicolay Friis (tel: +47 23 23 85 44, mob: +47 45 21 10 32, email: nf@,nrp.as) atNRP Securities ASA, or the Borrower.
-2 -

® NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
2. RESTRUCTURING OF THE LOAN - THE PROPOSAL
The Borrower proposes that NOK 245 million of the outstanding amount in the Loan of NOK 345 million (approx 71 % of the Loan) shall be converted into a zero coupon bond loan, and the remaining NOK 100 million (approx 29 % of the Loan) shall continue as a secured loan based on the Loan Agreement but on amended terms:
(a) The bonds will be split to reduce the Face value of each bond from NOK 500 000 to NOK 1 (i.e. the total number of bonds will be multiplied with 500 000).
(b) NOK 245 000 000 of the Loan shall be converted (distributed pro-rata between the Bondholders) into a secured senior zero coupon loan (security ranking behind the Loan) according to the terms as set out in the attached term sheet (the "Zero-Coupon Bond")- The Zero Coupon Bond shall not accrue any interest and is basically structured as a perpetual (formally the maturity will be in 100 years). Any instalments will be based on the cash flow generated from operations and on the cash reserves of the Borrower (on a consolidated basis). The loan agreement will include certain covenants hereunder restrictions on the Borrowers access to use of funds and a non dividend payment clause.
(c) The Maturity Date of the Loan shall be extended from 17 December 2010 until 17 December 2012.
(d) The Loan will run without interest (zero coupon) from and including 17.12.2008 until 17.12.2009, i.e. suspending all interest payments during 2009. Any accrued interest and any late payment interest until 17.12.2009 shall be written off. From and including 17.12.2009 until 17.12.2010 the applicable Margin shall be increased from 5.50 % to 18.80 % percentage points, thus compensating for the lack of interest payments during 2009.
(e) A Loan Security carve-out of a maximum aggregated amount of NOK 180 000 000 to allow the following loans to be secured with pledges ranking ahead of the Loan:
i. The NOK 100 million loan from Innovasjon Norge
ii. The New Bond Issue in an amount range from of NOK 25 million to NOK 37,5 million
iii. An optional additional funding facility (pari passu with the New Bond Issue) with a maximum amount of NOK 50 million. Such funding not to be provided by a shareholder of the Borrower.
Any loan security that may be given to the lenders set out above which is not included in the Loan Security (as defined in the Loan Agreement) shall be granted to the Loan as well.
(f) The Equity covenant of the Loan Agreement clause 13.3 shall be cancelled.

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
The Borrower shall enter into an amendment agreement to the Loan Agreement with Norsk Tillitsmann ASA reflecting the amendments set out above in the terms of the Loan. All other terms of the Loan Agreement shall remain unchanged.
The amendments of the Loan Agreement and the issue of the Zero-Coupon Bond shall be subject to the following conditions precedent to be fulfilled no later than 1st July 2009:
(a) NOK 50 million of new paid in equity from the major shareholders of the Borrower, Spencer Energy AS and NRP Seafood AS,
(b) minimum NOK 25 million paid in from the New Equity Issue,
(c) minimum NOK 25 million paid in from the New Bond Issue,
(d) the Innovasjon Norge loan of NOK 100 million being made available to the Borrower,
(e) no new information is disclosed before the restructuring of the Loan resulting in a major adverse change in the premises on which the restructuring plan is based upon,
(f) any legal opinions Norsk Tillitsmann reasonably may request related to the restructuring to be submitted
3. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL
The Borrower is in a critical situation where new funding of at least NOK 200 million is required to secure a fully financed project. Without a financial solution the Borrower most likely will face a bankruptcy situation. The recovery rate for the Loan in such a situation is related to the market value of the vessel and the unpaid claims from the yard. According to the Borrower it is very difficult to have any opinion of the market value of the vessel in its present situation.
The proposed solution will according to the Borrower give a fully financed project. The carve out for secured loans on priority ranking ahead of the Loan is according to the proposal NOK 180 million, of which NOK 50 million is reserved for potential future funding requirements. The Loan Trustee has pointed out to the Borrower that it does not seem obvious that the Bondholders should grant that position of security to potential new funding. The Borrower has however strongly claimed that the extra carve out is necessary in order to have the flexibility needed to obtain working capital and meet potential future capital requirements.
According to the Borrower, the Proposal has been discussed with a major Bondholder (holding approximately 41 % of the Loan) who has expressed that it will vote in favour of the Proposal.
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluations or recommendations from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.
It is recommended that the Bondholders consult with tax advisors as to the possible tax consequences of the Proposal.
-4 -

® NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
4. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
To enable the Borrower to conduct the proposed change of the Loan Agreement, the Borrower has requested the Loan Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

29 May 2009 at 12:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Bond Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

1) The Bondholders accept the proposal as set out section 2 o f the summons to this Bondholders 'meeting.

2) The Loan Trustee is granted the power to make any amendments o f the Loan Agreement and may on behalfo f the Bondholders enter into any agreement necessary as to implement the proposal. The Loan Trustee is also granted the authority, on behalfo f the Bondholders, to agree to any minor adjustment to the proposal.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of Outstanding Loan (voting Bonds) must be represented at the meeting. If the Proposal is not adopted, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depositoiy (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Termsheet Zero-Coupon Bond

Term Sheet
HHBI1HHTM

ISIN: NO <tbd>
Krill Seaproducts AS Zero-Coupon Senior Secured Bond ("the Zero-Coupon Bonds")
Issue date: June 2009

Issuer: Currency: Loan amount: C oupon rate: Issue Date: Maturity Date: Price: N om inal value: Status o f the Bonds:

Krill Seaproducts AS NOK N O K 245,000,000 Zero interest. June 2009 17th D ecem b er 2 1 0 8 at price 100.00. 100.00 (par) The Zero-Coupon Bonds w ill have a nom inal value o f N O K 1.0. Senior secured

Am ortizations for the financial years 2010, 2011 and 2012:

The Zero-Coupon Bonds shall be amortized according to the Cash Sw eep 2010-2012 as described below . The amortizations are done annually 10 banking days follow ing the approval o f the Borrow er's amiual financial accounts for the financial years ending 31.12.2010, 31.12.2011 and 31.12.2012 respectively at the Ordinary General M eeting. The aggregate cash sw eep amortizations shall be lim ited to N O K 245 000 000.

Cash Sw eep 20102012:

A vailable Cash F low at the end o f each financial reporting year above N O K 80 m illion per annum shall cash sw eep to holders o f the Zero-Coupon Bonds.

Available Cash Flow:

Available Cash F low shall be calculated as an accounting o f funds according to N G A A P related to the Borrower's operations, reported on the consolidated cash flow statement o f the Borrower's amiual report. This figure shall be calculated by adjusting net incom e to reflect depreciation expenses, deferred taxes, accounts payable, accounts receivable, changes in other non-interest bearing current assets and other non-interest bearing current liabilities, any extraordinary item s and investm ents in the v essel w hich are part o f the existing operations' on going m aintenance and upgrade.

Amortizations Beyond 2012:

To the extent the aggregate Am ortizations for the financial years 2010, 2011 and 2012 does not amount to N O K 245 000 000 in total, the Zero-Coupon Bonds shall be amortized according to the Cash Sw eep Beyond 2012 as described below until the remaining Loan is fiilly repaid.. The amortizations are done quarterly 10 banking days fo llo w in g the co m p letio n o f the B orrow er's quarterly financial statem ents.

Cash Sweep Beyond 2012:

Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end o f each quarterly reporting period w ithin the B orrow er's fin an cial reporting year ab ove N O K 7 5m per quarter sh all cash sw eep to holders o f the Zero-Coupon Bonds.

Cash and Cash

Cash and Cash Equivalents shall include unrestricted bank deposits, highly liquid

1

Equivalents:
D ividend clause: M an d atory R ed em ption : V essel: Covenants:
Loan Security

securities with maturities o f less than three m onths, such as assets that are readily convertible into cash, e.g. m oney market holdings, short-term governm ent bonds or Treasury bills, marketable securities, com m ercial paper and any undrawn revolving credit facility available to the Borrower. Cash and Cash Equivalents are distinguished from other investm ents through their short-term existence; they mature w ithin 3 months whereas short-term investm ents mature within 12 m onths or less, and long term investm ents are any investm ents that mature in excess o f 12 months. The quarterly consolidated Cash and Cash Equivalent figure shall b e subject to a lim ited audit re v ie w b y the B orrow er's auditor. E xcep tion s sh all be m ade for cash on the Borrow er's balance sheet as o f 31.03.2013 related to the final am ortization o f the Cash sweep 2010-2012.

The Issuer shall not w ithin a calendar year, during the term o f the Zero-Coupon Bond, m ake any dividend paym ent, repurchase o f shares or m ake other distributions to its shareholders.

I f the V essel is sold or disposed o f or terminated (in respect o f the Construction Contracts) at any tim e from and including Issue Date to M aturity Date, the Issuer shall redeem 100% o f the R em aining Loan at 104% o f par valu e (plus accrued interest), referred to as a "M andatory R edem ption".

M eans M /S Thorshovdi, a bulk/general cargo vessel currently under conversion into a purpose build Krill trawler vessel.

The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any subsidiary or other group com pany to engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction w hich is not m ade on arm's length basis.

During the term o f the Zero-Coupon Loan the Issuer shall o f its ow n accord, make annual and interim quarterly reports available on the Issuer's w ebsite (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end o f the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end o f the relevant interim report period.

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that its' subsidiaries shall not, without the approval o f the Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' m eeting:
(i) cease to carry on its business, (ii) sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part o f its operations or change the nature
o f its business w hich m ight jeopardize the Issuer's fulfillm ent o f its obligations under the Loan Agreem ent (for the avoidance o f doubt, please also se e "M andatory prepaym ent"), or (iii) de-m erge, m erge or in any other w ay restructure its business, in a manner w h ic h m igh t jeop ard ize the Issu er's fu lfillm en t o f its ob lig a tio n s under the Loan Agreement. (iv) M ake any investm ents other than the maintenance, developm ent and operation w hich is directly related to the V essel, or ordinary bank account deposits considered cash or cash equivalent. (v) Grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any parties. (vi) Issue loans to related parties or third parties, how ever the Borrow er shall be allow ed to have a norm alized working capital related to funding o f its ongoing operations o f the V essel. (v ii) M ake any dividend paym ents or make any distributions in any form to the shareholders.

The Loan shall carry ordinary event o f default clauses. From the Issue D ate and thereafter the Loan shall be secured by the follow in g securities on priority ranking behind the security for the bond issue with ISIN NO 001 0404015:

(a)

(if relevant) the Guarantee,

(b)

a m ortgage over the V essel and related insurance to the V essel

2

(the "M o r tg a g e ");

(c)

an assignm en t o f the C onstruction Contract (the "A ssig n m e n t

o f C o n str u c tio n C o n tr a c t");

(d)

an assignm ent o f the Equipment Contracts (the "A ssign m en t o f

E q u ip m e n t C o n tr a c t");

(e)

a pledge over the Operating A ssets o f the Issuer

(id riftstilb e h ø rsp a n t) to be registered w ith the N o rw eg ia n

Register o f M ortgaged M oveable Properties (løsøreregisteret)

(the "P le d g e o f O p era tin g A sse ts"); and

(f)

an assignm ent over relevant insurances related to the V essel and

the Equipm ent (the "A ssig n m e n t o f In su r a n c e").

Guarantee:

(if any subsidiaries o f the Issuer (direct or indirect) are established) unconditional and irrevocable on-dem and guarantee(s) granted on a joint and several basis by the Guarantor(s) secu rin g the Issu er's and /or the Guarantors' ob ligation under the Financial Docum ents.

Guarantor(s):

(if any subsidiaries o f the Issuer (direct or indirect) are established) all subsidiaries o f the Issuer (direct or indirect) on a joint and several basis.

C on stru ction Contracts:

the contracts entered into w ith Fiskerstrand Verft (Norw ay) - including any guarantees etc. thereto.

Equipm ent Contracts:

the signed contracts or any future contracts to be signed for delivery o f Equipm ent or to be delivered in respect o f the V essel.

Operating Assets:

the Issuer's operating and production equipm ent and m achinery (driftstilbehør).

Issu er's ow nership o f Bonds:

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Zero-Coupon Bonds. Such ZeroC oupon B on d s m ay at the Issu er's discretion be retained b y the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Manager:

N R P S ecurities A S A , H aakon V II's gt. 1, N - 0 1 13 O slo, N o iw a y .

Loan Trustee:

N orsk Tillitsm ann A SA , Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo.

Registration:

The N orw egian Central Securities D epository (VPS). Principal and interest accrued w ill be credited the bondholders through VPS.

Paying Agent:

[Nordea Bank N orge A SA ]

Issuer's org. number:

990 534 705

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in N orw ay in connection with the B onds, but not in respect o f trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable law s), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

Loan Agreement:

The Zero-Coupon Loan Agreem ent w ill be entered into b y the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative. The Zero-Coupon Loan A greem ent shall regulate the bondholders' rights and obligations w ith respect to the Zero-Coupon Bonds. I f any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Zero-Coupon Loan Agreem ent, then the Zero-Coupon Loan Agreem ent shall prevail.

The Subscriber is deem ed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the ZeroCoupon Loan Agreem ent and the related security docum ents. M inor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet m ay occur.

3

Stock Exchange listing: Market making:

The prospective Bondholder hereby sp ecifically authorise the Trustee as part o f this approval to execute and deliver the Zero-Coupon Loan Agreem ent on b ehalf o f the prospective Bondholder. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee w ill execute and deliver the Zero-Coupon Loan A greem ent and the latter's execution and delivery is on beh alf o f all o f the bondholders, such that they thereby w ill becom e parties to die Zero-Coupon Loan A greem ent. The Zero-Coupon Loan Agreem ent specifies that all Zero-Coupon B ond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, w hen acquiring the B onds, be deem ed to have accepted die terms o f the Zero-Coupon Loan Agreem ent, w hich specifies diat all such transferees shall autom atically becom e parties to the Zero-Coupon Loan Agreem ent upon com pleted transfer having been registered in the V P S, w ithout any further action required to be taken or form alities to be com plied with. The Zero-Coupon Loan Agreem ent shall sp ecify that it shall be m ade available to die general public for inspection purposes and m ay, until redem ption in full o f the Zero-C oupon B onds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the V P S particulars relating to the Zero-C oupon Bonds.
The Bonds w ill not be listed.
N o market-maker agreem ent has been made for this Issue.

Krill Seaproducts A S

Oslo, M ay 22, 2009

N R P Securities A SA

4

