NORDIC TRUSTEE

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA

To the bondholders in: ISIN NO 001 0724818 -

First Priority Oro Negro Impetus Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2015

Oslo, 28 August 2015
Amendment to Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - proposal for an extension of waiver and amendments
Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the bondholders (together, the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue"), a bond loan o f USD 175,000,000 issued by Oro Negro Impetus Pte. Ltd. (the "Issuer").
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 4 December 2014 (as amended and restated from time to time) (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein.
This summons is an amendment to the earlier summons dated 13 August, 2015.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and the described transactions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1 BACKGROUND
1.1 Introduction
On 19 May 2015, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee entered into an agreement under which certain resolutions agreed at the Bondholder's Meeting held on 19 May 2015 were adopted (the "Amendment Agreement No. 1"), and on 3 June 2015, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee entered into a further agreement under which certain resolutions agreed at the Bondholder's Meeting held on 3 June 2015 were adopted (the "Amendment Agreement No. 2").
The background for the Amendment Agreements No. 1 and 2, was that the Issuer was negotiating a lease contract between the Charterer and Pemex Exploracion y Produccion ("Pemex") with respect to the Rig. The Issuer anticipated that it would have a contract executed with Pemex by no later than 31 August 2015. Consequently, inter alia, the Bond Agreement Clauses 13.7 (c) and (d) were amended and restated in their entirety so that they read as follows:
"(c) The Ultimate Parent shall, on a consolidated basis, at all times after August 31, 2015 maintain a minimum Equity Ratio of35%.
(d) The Issuer shall at all times after August 31, 2015, maintain a minimum Asset Coverage Ratio o f 120% (one hundred and twentyper cent)."

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, H aakon V lls g a te 1, O slo

i
n o rd ic tru s te e .c o m

While discussions are ongoing, the Issuer has not yet agreed upon the terms of a contract with Pemex for the Rig as of this date. Therefore, the Issuer is seeking approval from the Bondholders to extend the periods referred to in the above, as well as certain other amendments, as set out in Paragraph 2 (the Proposal) below.
This summons letter is issued in order to seek approval from the Bondholders.
2 THE PROPOSAL
In accordance with Clause 16.2 of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a meeting of Bondholders ("Bondholders' Meeting") in order to consider the Issuer's request to i) amend the payment date of the third interest rate payment, ii) extend the previous amendments in respect of financial covenants, iii) waive the requirement to obtain a valuation of the Rig until 1 October, 2015, iv) extend the operation of the cross acceleration provision at Clause 15.1(d)(A) of the Bond Agreement from 31 August, 2015 to 30 September, 2015 v) introduce new covenants preventing (a) payments being made outside of the ordinaiy course of business other than to pay the operating expenses of the Ultimate Parent and its Subsidiaries, (b) the creation of new security interests in favour of the holders of the 2019 Bonds (such holders, the "2019 Bondholders") and (c) the creation, amendment or extension of any guarantee in favour of the 2019 Bondholders, in each case effective until 1 October 2015, all as set out in detail below (the "Proposal"):
1. Clause 9.1.2 o f the Bond Agreement to be amended and restated in its entirety to read: "Interest payments shall be made quarterly in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates, thefirst Interest Payment Date being on 4 March, 2015, the second Interest Payment Date being on 4 June, 2015, the third Interest Payment Date being on 30 September, 2015 and the last Interest Payment Date being on the Maturity Date. "
2. Clause 13.7(c) o f the Bond Agreement to be amended and restated in its entirety to read: "The Ultimate Parent shall, on a consolidated basis, at all times after 30 September, 2015 maintain a minimum Equity Ratio o f 35%. "
3. Clause 13.7(d) o f the Bond Agreement to be amended and restated in its entirety to read: "The Issuer shall at all times after 30 September, 2015, maintain a minimum Asset Coverage Ratio o f 120% (one hundred and twenty per cent). "
4. The obligation to obtain a valuation o f the Rig at least semi-annually in the last sentence o f the definition o f "Charter Free Market Value " in Clause 13.7(e) o f the Bond Agreement is hereby waived so as to not require such a valuation until 1 October, 2015.
5. Clause 13 o f the Bond Ag-eement to be amended by adding a new clause 13.10 after existing clause 13.9 with thefollowing language:
"13.10 Further Covenants o f the Obligors
13.10(a) Limitation on Payments Outside o f the Ordinary Course o fBusiness
With effectfrom 31 August 2015 until 1 October 2015, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that neither the Obligors nor any o f their respective Subsidiaries shall, in each case other than in connection with the payment o f operating expenses o f the business o f the Ultimate Parent and/or its Subsidiaries:
(i) make payment, agree to pay or allow to be paid any amount outside o f the ordinary course o f its business; or

(ii) grant any new intercompany loan, increase the size, amount available or amount advanced under any intercompany loan, lend any amount or make any equity investment; or

(Hi) make prepayment o f any o f its or their expenses or bringforward the datefo r payment o f any o f its or their respective obligations, other than as per its obligations to do so existing on the date o f this summons; or

(iv) repay or distribute any share premium account; or

(v) pay, repay or prepay any principal, interest, fee or other amount on or in respect of, or redeem, purchase or defease, materially modify the terms o f any Financial Indebtedness owing to any person, whether a thirdparty, an Obligor or a Subsidiaiy or shareholder o f any Obligor or Subsidiary other than as per its obligations to do so existing on the date o f this summons other than to defer or delay any payments due under such Financial Indebtedness.

With effectfrom 31 August 2015 until 1 October 2015, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that neither the Obligors nor any o f their respective Subsidiaries shall declare, make or pay, or pay interest on any unpaid amount of, any dividend, chargefee or other distribution (whether in cash or in kind) on or in respect o f its shares or share capital (or any class o f its share capital), other than any distribution made by any Obligor or any Subsidiary o f any Obligor to the Ultimate Parent or to any direct or indirect Subsidiary o f the Ultimate Parent in the ordinary course o f its business and in circumstances where such distribution would not otherwise be a breach o f the Bond Agreement.

13.10(b) Restriction on New Security

With effectfrom 31 August 2015 until 1 October 2015, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Obligor nor any o f their respective Subsidiaries shall, in each case to the extent in favour o f the 2019 Bondholders:

(i)

create or permit to subsist (or agree to create or permit to subsist) any

Encumbrance or any other security interest or similar over any o f its assetsfrom

time to time other than as per its obligations to do so existing on the date o f this

summons, includingfo r the avoidance o f doubt the creation o f any new

Encumbrance over any bank account registered in such Obligor or Subsidiary's

name or any other Person's name where the Obligor and/or any Subsidiary thereof

has an interest in thefunds to be held in the account or where the Obligor and/or

Subsidiary has an obligation tofu n d such accountfo r the benefit o f a third party; or

(ii) create or permit to subsist or agree to create or subsist any guarantee other than as per its obligations to do so existing on the date o f this summons.

6. Clause 15.1(d)(A) as inserted by Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated 3 June 2015 to be amended and restated in its entirety to read: "I f on or before 30 September, 2015, (i) an Event o fDefault (as that term is defined in the 2019 Bond Agreement) occurs under the 2019 Bond Agreement, and (ii) such Event o fDefault results in the 2019 Bond Trustee calling any amount under the 2019 Bond Agreement as due andpayable or the 2019 Bond Trustee otherwise exercises remedies pursuant to the 2019 Bond Agreement. "

3

The Proposal shall be implemented with immediate effect upon due approval by the necessary 2/3 majority of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, as per Clause 16.3.5 of the Bondholder Agreement.
However, the implementation will only continue to be effective upon the following having taken place by no later than 5 p.m. (Oslo time) on 4 September, 2015:

(i) an amended and restated Bond Agreement (or other agreement as decided between the parties) necessary to duly document the Proposal having been duly executed by the parties thereto;

(ii) the delivery to the Bond Trustee of the documents listed on Schedule A hereto;

(iii) the delivery to the Bond Trustee of any legal opinions as may be reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in relation to the implementation of the Proposal; and

(iv) all necessaiy corporate resolutions of the Issuer having been duly made and delivered to the Bond Trustee.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer emphasises that the immediate implementation of the Proposal upon a required vote by the Bondholder Meeting is ensuring that there will be no Event of Default, prior to the dates set forth in the Proposal, caused by breach of any of the terms in the following Clauses of the Bond Agreement:

(i)

9.1.2 (Interest)

(ii) 13.7 (c) (Equity Ratio)

(iii) 13.7 (d) (Asset Coverage Ratio); and

(iv) 13.7 (e) (Definitions) in respect of the obligation to obtain a semi-annual valuation of the Rig.

Furthermore, due to applicable grace periods and the deferrals provided by the amendments set out in the Proposal, no breach of any of the abovementioned provisions shall constitute an Event of Default in the period from 31 August, 2015 until implementation of the Proposal no later than on 4 September, 2015, provided always that the Obligors and their Subsidiaries shall be in compliance at all times with new Clause 13.10 as set out in paragraph 5 of the Proposal.

3 Further information
Bondholders may contact the financial advisors ("Advisors") as follows for further information:
Moelis & Co. Zul Jamal e-mail: zul.iamal@moelis.com telephone: +1 (212) 883 3813
The Advisors act solely for the Issuer and no-one else in connection herewith. No due diligence investigations have been earned out by the Advisors with respect to the Issuer, and the Advisors

4

expressly disclaim any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to the information contained herein).
For further questions to the Bond Trustee, please contact Olav Slagsvold at mail@nordictrustee.com or + 47 22 87 94 00.

4 Evaluation and non-reliance
The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable and vote accordingly.

5 SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

31 August 2015 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VHs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda: 1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of the Proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolves the following:

"The Bondholder 's Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 2 o f the summons fo r the Bondholders ' Meeting and directs the Bond Trustee to prepare and make available to the Issuer and the Bondholders (by electronic mail if requested) a conformed copy o f the Bond Agreement incorporating the amendments made to the same by the Proposal (if passed) and all previous amendment agreements, as soon as practicable.

The Bond Trustee is hereby authorised to execute and deliver an amendment agreement implementing the Proposal"

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting.

The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to post@,trustee.no. +47 22 87 94 10, or Nordic Trustee ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway).

In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

5

For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 10:00 hours (10 am) (Oslo time) on the day of the meeting. Yours sincerely Enclosed: Schedule A - Required Documents
6

SCHEDULE A

1.

Original share certificate representing the 1 ordinary share of the Issuer.

2.

Original share transfer form that is executed by an authorized attorney of the Chargor (in

blank and undated) and properly witnessed.

3.

Original dated executed Letter of Authority from Alonso de Val Echeverria. Such Letter of

Authority should not state that it is a "form" and should refer to the dated Share Charge.

4.

Original dated executed Letter of Authority from Gonzalo Gil White. Such Letter of

Authority should not state that it is a "form" and should refer to the dated Share Charge.

5.

Original dated executed Letter of Authority from Carlos Enrique Williamson Nasi. Such

Letter of Authority should not state that it is a "form" and should refer to the dated Share Charge.

6.

Original dated executed Letter of Authority from Anita Peck Hwa Chew. Such Letter of

Authority should refer to the dated Share Charge.

7.

Original dated executed Letter of Authority from Lay Khim Lim. Such Letter of Authority

should refer to the dated Share Charge.

8.

Original undated executed Letter of Resignation from Alonso de Val Echeverria. Such Letter

of Resignation should not state that it is a "form".

9.

Original undated executed Letter of Resignation from Gonzalo Gil White. Such Letter of

Resignation should not state that it is a "form".

10. Original undated executed Letter of Resignation from Carlos Enrique Williamson Nasi. Such Letter of Resignation should not state that it is a "form".

11. Original dated Proxy that (i) refers to the dated Share Charge; (ii) is properly executed as a deed and (iii) whose counterparts are of the same Proxy and properly appended.

12. Original dated Resolutions that (i) refers to the dated Share Charge and (ii) whose counterparts are of the same Resolutions and properly appended.

13. Original share certificate representing the 1 ordinary share of the Parent.

14. Original letter of authorisation from Anita Peck Hwa Chew which (i) is dated and executed; and (ii) correctly refers to the date that the Parent Share Charge was entered into.

15. Original letter of authorisation from Gonzalo Gil White which (i) is dated and executed; (ii) correctly refers to the date that the Parent Share Charge was entered into; and (iii) does not state that it is a "form".

16. Original letter of authorisation from Jose Antonio Canedo White which (i) is dated and executed; (ii) correctly refers to the date that the Parent Share Charge was entered into; and (iii) does not state that it is a "form".

17. Original letter of authorisation from Alonso de Val Echeverria which (i) is dated and executed; (ii) correctly refers to the date that the Parent Share Charge was entered into; and (iii) does not state that it is a "form".

7

18. Original letter of authorisation from Lay Khim Lim which (i) is dated and executed; and (ii) correctly refers to the date that the Parent Share Charge was entered into. 19. Original letter of resignation from Gonzalo Gil White that is executed and does not state that it is a "form". 20. Original letter of resignation from Jose Antonio Canedo White that is executed and does not state that it is a "form". 21. Original letter of resignation from Alonso de Val Echeverria that is executed and does not state that it is a "form". 22. Original Proxy that is (i) dated and executed and (ii) refers to the dated Parent Share Charge. 23. Resolutions that are (i) dated and executed, and (ii) whose counterparts of the same Resolutions and properly appended.
8

