Bond Agreement

Nordic Trustee ASA

Entered into: between the Issuer:
Company No.
and the Bond Trustee:
Company No. on behalf of the Bondholders 111: with ISIN:

12 June 2015
Advanzia Bank S.A., with registered office at 9, rue Gabriel Lippmann, L-5365 Munsbach.
BI09476 (Registre de Commerce et des Societes Luxembourg)
Nordic Trustee ASA, with registered office at Haakon VII gate l, N-O 161 Oslo, acting on behalf of the Bondholders
963342624
FRN Hybrid Tier 1 Perpetual Non-cumulative Callable Bond Issue
NO 001 0740228

The Issuer undertakes to issue the Bonds in accordance with the terms set forth in this Bond Agreement.
1 Terms of the Issue
The terms of the Issue are as follows, supplemented by the definitions and clarifications set forth in Section 2:

Maximum Amount: Initial Amount: Face Value: Currency: Issue Date: Maturity Date: Redemption Price:
Call:
Put: Interest Accrual Date: Interest Rate:

NJA

NOK 85,000,000

100,000 subject to any adjustments following a Reduction of Amounts of Principal (see Clause 3.7)

NOK (Norwegian Krone)

16 June 2015

Perpetual

100 % of Face Value, subject to any adjustments following a Reduction of Amounts of Principal (see Clause 3.7), plus accrued unpaid interest, but excluding cancelled interest (if any) in accordance with the Cancellation of Payments (see Clause 3.5) (if any) without any premium or penalty.

Ordinary Call: 16 June 2020, and on any Interest Payment Date thereafter subject as set forth in Section 3, Clause 3.6.

Call Price: Equal to the Redemption Price

Conditional Call: See Section 3, Clause 3.6.

N/A

N/A

Issue Date

Reference Rate + Margin. If the Interest Rate becomes

Reference Rate: Margin: Interest Payment Dates:
Day Count Fraction: Additional Return: Business Day Convention: Listing: Exchange:

Nordic Trustee ASA
negative, the InterestRate shall be deemed to be zero Three (3) months NIB OR 4.50 percentage points p.a. Date(s) on which the payment of Interest falls due. Quarterly in arrears - each 16 June, 16 September, 16 December and 16 March every year. First Interest Payment Date is expected to be 16 September 2015, three (3) months after Settlement Date. The Interest Payment Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. Actual/360 N/A Modified Following YES Nordic ABM

2 Clarifications and definitions
When used in this Bond Agreement, the following words and capitalised terms shall have the following meaning and definition:

Additional Tiel' l Instruments

Capital meeting the requirements of article 52 of the eRR or similar provisions under the Applicable Regulations.

Applicable Regulations: (i) Prior to the implementation of CRD IV into Luxembourgish

law, any legislation, rules or regulations (whether having the

force of law or otherwise) applying to the Issuer from time to

time relating to the characteristics, features or criteria of own funds or capital resources including in amongst others the

I

CRR, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No

241/2014, the LFS and the CSSF Regulation 14/01 of Il

February 2014, for the avoidance of doubt and without

limitation to the foregoing, including (a) the public regulations relating to capital adequacy and (b) any other legislation, rules or regulations relating to such matters which

I

are supplementary or extraneous to the obligations imposed

on Luxembourg by; and (ii) upon and following the implementation of CRD N into

I

Luxembourgish law, such rules and regulations as introduced

in Luxembourg from time to time for the purposes of implementing CRD IV into Luxembourgish law and any

I

legislation, rules or regulations (whether having the force of

i

law or otherwise) applying to the Issuer from time to time relating to the characteristics, features or criteria of own funds

I

or capital resources including in amongst others the CRR, the

I

Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 241/2014, the LFS and the CSSF Regulation 14/01 of 11 February 20 J 4, for

I

!

2

!

Attachment: Bankruptcy Event:
Bond Agreement:
Bond Trustee: Bondholder(s): Bondholders'Meeting: Bonds: BRRD: Business Day:
Business Day Convention:

Nordic Trustee ASA
the avoidance of doubt and without limitation to the foregoing, including (a) the public regulations relating to capital adequacy and (b) any other legislation, rules or regulations relating to such matters which are supplementary or extraneous to the obligations imposed on Luxembourg.
Any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
the opening in respect of the Issuer of a "sursis de paiement" (suspension of payments) pursuant to article 60-2 of the Luxembourg law of 5 April 1993 on the fmancial sector, as amended (the "LFS") or a liquidation judiciaire (judicial liquidation) pursuant to article 61 of the LFS. This agreement including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the parties hereto.
Nordic Trustee ASA or its successor(s).
Holder of Bond(s) from time to time as registered in the Securities Register (VPS).
Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in Section 50fthis Bond Agreement.
Securities issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement and which is registered in the Securities Register, each a "Bond".
Directive 2014/59/EU on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms.
Any day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.
Convention for adjusting any relevant payment date ("Payment Date") if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day;
(i) If Modified Business Day is specified, the applicable Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day.
(ii) If Modified Following Business Day is specified, the applicable Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date shall be the first preceding Business Day.
(iii) If No Adjustment is specified, the applicable Interest Payment Date shall nal be adjusted even if that day is not a Business Day (payments shall be made on the first following Business Day).
3

---------

Nordic Trustee ASA

Call:
Call Date: Call Price: Capital Disqualification Event:
Capital Requirement Breach: Common Equity Tier l: CRDN CRR Distributable Items

Issuer's early redemption right of Bonds pursuant to Clauses 3.6.1 and 3.6.2 at the date(s) stated in Clause l (the "Call Date"), first ordinary Call Date being 16 June 2020, and corresponding price(s) (the "Call Price"), ref. Clauses 3.6. The Call Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. JfN/A is specified under Call in Section l, the provisions regarding Call do not apply.
As defined above under "Call".
As defined above under "Call".
An event which occurs if, as a result of any replacement of or change to (or change to the interpretation by any COUlt or relevant authority) the Applicable Regulation which becomes effective on Ol' after the Issue Date (including the implementation of eRR and CRD IV), the Bonds Ol' part of the Bonds are no longer, or the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Issuer's Supervisor that there is a substantial risk that they will no longer be, eligible in accordance with the Applicable Regulations to count as cover for the capital requirements (as such terms are described from time to time in the Applicable Regulations) for the Issuer whether on a single Ol' consolidated basis (and including, for the avoidance of doubt, any change to any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital), provided that the Issuer can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Issuer's Supervisor that the change in the regulatory classification was not reasonable foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Bonds and the Issuer's Supervisor considers such a change to be sufficiently certain.
A breach of the applicable capital requirements from time to time (as such requirements are defined) under the Applicable Regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the capital requirement as defined in CRR and CRD IV IS a Capital Requirement Breach.
Capital meeting the requirements of article 28 of the CRR Ol' similar provisions under the Applicable Regulations.
Directive 2013/361EU of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms.
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms.
(i) As per article 4 (l )(128) of the CRR, the amount of the profits at the end of the last financial year plus any profits brought forward and reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders of own funds instruments less any losses brought forward, profits which arc nondistributable pursuant to provisions in legislation or the institution's by-laws and sums placed to non-distributable
4

Interest Rate:
Interest Accrual Date: Interest Payment Date: Currency: Day Count Fraction:

Nordic Trustee ASA
reserves in accordance with applicable national law or the statutes of the institution, those losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the individual accounts of the institution and not on the basis of the consolidated accounts; or
(ii) any equivalent or successor term from time to time as prescribed by the Applicable Regulations as applicable to Additional Tier 1 Instruments.
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds;

(i) If the Interest Rate is stated in percentage points, the Bonds shall bear interest at this rate per annum (based on the Day Count Fraction set forth in Section l), from and including the Interest Accrual Date to the Maturity Date.
(ii) If the Interest Rate is stated as Reference Rate + Margin the
Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal Lo the
Reference Rate + Margin (based on the Day Count Fraction
set forth in Section 1), from and including the Interest Accrual Date to the first Interest Payment Date, and thereafter from and including each Interest Payment Date to the next Interest Payment Date until Maturity Date.

The date on which interest on the Bond starts to accrue. If NA is specified, Interest Accrual Date does not apply.

Date(s) on which the payment of Interest falls due. The Interest Payment Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. Quarterly in arrears - each 16 June, 16 September, 16 December and 16 March every year. First Interest Payment Date is expected to be 16 September 2015, three (3) months after Settlement Date.

The currency in which the Bonds are denominated.

The convention for calculation of payment of Interest.

(i) If 30/360 is specified, the number of days in the relevant interest period shall be calculated from and including the Interest Accrual Date/Interest Payment Date to the next Interest Payment Date on basis of a year of 360 days with 12 months of 30 days divided by 360, unless (a) the last day in the relevant interest period is the 31 st calendar day but the first day of the relevant interest period is a day other than the 30th or the 31 st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 3O-day month, or (b) the last day of the relevant interest period is the last calendar day in February, in which case February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30"day month.

(H) If Actual/360 is specified, the actual number of days in the

5

NT

BfT:
. ~.

Nordic Trustee ASA
relevant interest period shall be from and including the Interest Accrual Date/Interest Payment Date to the next Interest Payment Date. The number of days shall be divided by 360.

Event of Default:

The occurrence of an event set forth in Clause 3.9.

Exchange:

Exchange or other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the Issuer has, or has applied for, listing of the Bonds. If NA is specified, the terms of this Bond Agreement covering Exchange do not apply.

Face Value:

The face (nominal) value of each Bond subject to any adjustments following a Reduction of Amounts of Principal (see Clause 3.7).

Financial Institution

Entity with authorization according to the Norwegian Financial Institution Act (1988/40), as amended and replaced by the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act (2015/17).

Initial Amount: ISIN:

The amount equal to the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds issued on the Issue Date. The identification number of the Bonds (International Securities Identification Number).

Issue:

The issue of Bonds pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

Issue Date or Settlement The date of the first Issue. If Maximum Amount is N/A the first

Date:

issue is the only issue of Bonds.

Issuer:

The person or entity that has issued the Bonds and is the borrower (debtor) under this Bond Agreement.

Issuer's Bonds: Issuer's Supervisor:
Junior Obligations: Listing:

Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any patty over whom the Issuer has decisive

,

influence.

Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier Luxembourg,

t

any successor or replacement thereto, and, as applicable in accordance with regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, the European

I

Central Bank or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer with respect to its capital.

I

(i) the Issuer's share capital, and

,I

(ii) any other obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to

!

rank junior to the Bonds.

I

I

Indicates listing of the Bonds on an Exchange. If YES is specified,

the Issuer shall submit an application in order to have the Bonds listed on the Exchange(s) as set out herein. If NO is specified, no

I

obligation for listing applies, but the Issuer may, at its own

!

6

NT

~ .....

discretion, apply for listing.

Nordic Trustee ASA

LFS:

The Luxembourg law of 5th April 1993 on the financial sector (as amended).

Luxembourg Companies Law: Margin:

Law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies (as amended).
Margin expressed In percentage points to be added to the Reference Rate (if the Margin is negative, it shall be deducted from the Reference Rate). IfN/A is specified, no Margin applies.

Maturity Date:

Perpetual

Maximum Amount:

Amount stating the maximum aggregate Face Value of Bonds which may be issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement. IfN/A is specified, the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds issued may not exceed the amount specified as the Initial Amount.

NIBOR:

(Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) Interest rate fixed for a defined period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 hours Oslo time. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the Reference Rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate as the initial Reference Rate shall be used. Jf this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the Reference Rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo.

Outstanding Bonds:

The aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged in the Securities Register.

Parity Obligations:

Any obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank pari passu with the Bonds.

Paying Agent:

The entity acting as registrar for the Bonds in the Securities Register and paying agent on behalf of the Issuer in the Securities Register.

Payment Date:

A date of payment of interest or principal on the Bonds, as defined above under "Business Day Convention.

Redemption Price:

The price, stated as a percentage of the Face Value, at which the Bonds shall be redeemed. Redemption Price is subject to any adjustments following a Reduction of Amounts of Principal (see Clause 3.7), plus accrued unpaid interest, but excluding cancelled interest (if any) in accordance with the Cancellation of Payments (see Clause 3.5) (if any) without any premium or penalty.

Reference Rate:

NIBOR rounded to the nearest hundredth of a percentage point on each Reset Date, for the period stated. If NA is specified,

7

NT

s«h:.

Registration: Regulation 14-0 I : Reset Date: Securities Register: Taxation Event:
Voting Bonds: VPS

Reference Rate does not apply.

Nordic Trustee ASA

The Norwegian Cent.ral Securities Depository ("VPS").

CSSF Regulation N° 14-01 on the implementation of certain discretions of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013.

Dates on which the Interest Rate is fixed for the subsequent interest period for the Bonds where Reference Rate applies. The first Reset Date is two (2) Business Days before the Interest Accrual Date. Thereafter the Reset Date is two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.

The securities register in which the Bonds are registered, being the VPS.

An event which occurs as a result of any amendment to, clarification of or change in the laws or treaties (or regulations thereunder or public interpretation thereof) of Luxembourg affecting taxation (including any change in the interpretation by any court or relevant authority), on or after the Issue Date, and there is a substantial risk that:

(i) The Issuer is, or will be, subject to a significant amount of other taxes, duties or other governmental charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Bonds;

(ii) The treatment of any of the Issuer's items of income or expense with respect to the Bonds as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Issuer to a significant amount of additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges; or

(iii) The Issuer would be required to gross up interest payments,

provided in each case that the Issuer can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Issuer's Supervisor that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Bonds is material and was not reasonable foreseeable at the time of their issuance.

Outstanding Bonds less Issuer's Bonds.

As defined above under "Registration".

8

NT

Nordic Trustee ASA

3 Other terms of the Issue

3.1 The purpose of the Issue

3.1.1 The purpose of the Issue is to have the Bonds to qualify as Additional Tier l Instruments for the purpose of the Applicable Regulation and as determined by the Issuer's Supervisor.

3.2 Listing and prospectus

3.2.1 In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, matters concerning the listing requiring the approval of the Bondholders shall be resolved pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement.

In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, the Issuer shall submit the

I

documents and the information necessary to maintain the Listing. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement shall be incorporated in any prospectus

!
!

and other subscription or information materials related to the Bonds fur the purpose of the Listing.

l

3.3 Status

i

3.3.1 The Bonds will constitute Additional Tier l Instruments of the Issuer under article 52 of the CRR and the Applicable Regulation, and constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer, and will in connection with a Bankruptcy Event of the Issuer

I

rank:

i
~

a) pari passu without any preference among the Bonds;

!

b) pari passu with all outstanding Parity Obligations; c) in priority to payments to creditors in respect of Junior Obligations; d) junior in right of payment to any present or future (i) depositors of the Issuer, (ii) any

I

other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, and (iii) subordinated creditors of the

~

Issuer other than the present and future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed

to rank pari passu with or junior to the Bonds.

3.4 Security

3.4.1 The Bonds are unsecured. 3.5 Cancellation of Payments

I

3.5.1 Any payment of interest in respect of the Bonds shall be payable only out of the Issuer's

I

Distributable Items and:
(i) may be cancelled, at any time, in whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer in its sole discretion; or
(ii) will be mandatorily cancelled to the extent so required by the Applicable Regulations, including the applicable criteria for Additional Tier 1 Instruments.

~
I
I
I

3.5.2 Following any cancellation of interest, the right of Bondholders to receive accrued interest in respect of any such interest accrued but unpaid to that date will terminate and the Issuer will have no further obligation to pay such interest or to pay interest thereon, whether or not payments of interest in respect of interest accrued at subsequent Interest Payment Dates are made, and such unpaid interest will not be deemed to have accrued or be earned for any

J
I
I !

purpose. 3.5.3 Any cancellation of interest (whether pursuant to 3.5.1 (i) or (ii)) will not constitute an

I

event of default nor entitle Bondholders to accelerate the Bonds or petition for the insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer.

I

!

9

NT

I
I

ff ~.

NordicTrustee ASA

3.6 Issuer's Call Option (Optional Redemption)
3.6.1 Ordinary Call The Issuer may on the Call Date or any Interest Payment Date thereafter, provided that (i) in the opinion of the Issuer's Supervisor no Capital Requirement Breach has occurred or is likely to occur as a result of a redemption, and (ii) the Issuer has received prior consent from the Issuer's Supervisor, redeem in a manner permitted by any Applicable Regulation and other applicable law all (but not some only) of the outstanding Bonds at the Call Price.

3.6.2

Conditional Call Ifthe Issuer provides satisfactory evidence to the Bond Trustee, that:
(a) a Capital Disqualification Event; and/or Cc) a Taxation Event;

has occurred, the Issuer may subject to prior consent of the Issuer's Supervisor, redeem all (but not only some only) of the outstanding Bonds at the Call Price.

3.6.3 If exercising the Call, the Issuer shall at the relevant date indicated under Call pay to the

Bondholders the Face Value of the Bonds to be redeemed, subject to any adjustments

following a Reduction of Amounts of Principal (as defined herein), plus accrued unpaid

interest but excluding cancelled interest (if any) in accordance with the Cancellation of

Payments above, if any, on the redeemed Bonds without any premium or penalty.

,

3.6.4 Exercise of the Call shall be notified by the Issuer to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the relevant Call Date. The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent in accordance with Clause 4.7.2

i

below. 3.7 Reduction of Amounts of Principal

I

3.7. l Trigger Event

I

3.7.1.1

If at any time the Common Equity Tier I Capital Ratio of the Issuer has fallen

~

below 7% (such occurrence a "Trigger Event"):

~
I

(i) the Issuer shall immediately inform the Issuer's Supervisor and the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders, and

I

(ii) the outstanding principal amount shall be reduced (a "Reduction of Amounts of

!p

3.7.1.2

Principal"), in whole or in part, as set forth in this Clause 3.7. The procedures and timing for determining that a Trigger Event has occurred shall

I

be in accordance with article 22 of Regulation 241/2014. This includes that the management body or any other relevant body of the Issuer shall without delay determine that a Trigger Event has occurred and there shall be an irrevocable

I

obligation to write down the Bonds, and further that the amount to be written down shall be determined as soon as possible and within a maximum period of one month

,I

from the time it is determined that the Trigger Event has occurred.

~

~

3.7.1.3 (i)

The amount of a Reduction of Amounts of Principal will be equal to the lower of the amount of a reduction that would restore the Common Equity Tier l Capital

I

Ratio of tile Issuer to at least 7% at the point of such reduction, and

(H) the amount of a Reduction of Amounts of Principal that would reduce the Amounts

I

of Principal to NOK 0.01, as required by article 54 (4) ofthe CRR.

I

10

~tf11

~.I

Nordic Trustee ASA

3.7.1.4

'The Issuer shall give not more than thirty (30) nor less than five (5) Business Days' prior notice to the Trustee and the Bondholders of any cancellation of principal in respect of the Bonds pursuant hereto. Any announcements of redemptions, reductions and repurchases of the Bonds shall be in accordance with article 28 of Regulation 241/2014. This includes that (i) no announcements in such respects shall be made to bondholders before the Issuer has obtained the prior approval of the Issuer's Supervisor, and (ii) where redemptions, reductions and repurchases are expected to take place with sufficient certainty, and once the prior permission of the Issuer's Supervisor has been obtained, the Issuer shall deduct the corresponding amounts to be redeemed, reduced or repurchased from corresponding elements of its own funds before the effective redemptions, reductions or repurchases occur. Sufficient certainty is deemed to exist in particular when the Issuer has publicly announced its intention to redeem, reduce or repurchase the Bonds.

3.7.1.5

The Reduction of Amounts of Principal shall be calculated as the difference between 7% and the Common Equity Tier l Capital Ratio prior to a Reduction of Amounts of Principal, multiplied by the Issuer's risk weighted assets.

3.7.1.6

Upon a Reduction of Amounts of Principal being required following a Trigger Event, the reduction shall include the items set forth in article 54 (l)(d) of the CRR. In accordance with article 54 (2) of the CRR, the Reduction of Amounts of Principal, shall under the applicable accounting rules generate items that qualify as Common Equity Tier l items.

3.7.1. 7

Upon a Trigger Event occurring after a Call notice having been disbursed, but prior to settlement of the Call having taken place, the relevant Call notice shall be automatically revoked and, for the avoidance of doubt, the other provisions of this Clause 7.l shall apply.

3.7.8 Bail-in

3.7.8.1

In addition to Reduction of Amounts of Principal, the Bonds may be subject to bailin and write downs under the BRRD and applicable Luxembourg regulations implementing the same.

Additional Tier l Instruments shall fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution. According to the Recital 81 of the BRRD, resolution authorities should be required to write down those instruments in full before any resolution action is taken. For that purpose, the point of non-viability should be understood as the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution or the point at which the authority decides that the institution would cease to be viable if those capital instruments were not written down.

The contractual recognition of bail-in is that liability may be subject to the writedown powers and agrees to be bound by any reduction of the principal or outstanding amount due, or cancellation that is effected by the exercise of those powers by a resolution authority in accordance with Article 55 of the BRRD. No repayment of the principal shall become due and payable after the exercise of bail in by the resolution authority. The Issuer shall notify shareholders when it becomes aware of the use of the bail-in tool. The use of the bail-in tool does not constitute an event of default.

3.7.9 Further Procedures on Repurchases and Redemptions

3.7.9.1

To the extent that part only of the outstanding principal amount of the Bonds has been cancelled as provided above on a pro rata basis, interest will continue to

11

NT

tlf ~.

3.7.9.2 3.7.9.3

Nordic Trustee ASA
accrue in accordance with the terms hereof on the then outstanding principal amount of the Bonds subject to Cancellation of Payments.
Following any such reduction of the principal amount, the Issuer may, at its discretion, write-up, in whole or some of the principal amount of the Bonds, subject to the conditions set forth in Article 21 (2) of the Regulation 241/2014.
Any reduction of principal as set out herein shall be made by pro rata redemption between the Bondholders. This may be implemented by reduction of the Redemption Price, or by other ways which give the same intended financial results and, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Securities Register to split the Face Value of the Bonds.

3.8 Payments

3.8. I On each Interest Payment Date, subject to the provisions in Clause 3.5 ("Cancellation of Payments"), the Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued unpaid interest amount to the Bondholders.

3.8.2 Any payment of interest in respect of the Bonds may only be paid out of the Issuer's Distributable Items in accordance with article 4(1 )(128) of the CRR.

3.8.3 The Issuer may not apply any counterclaims in set-off against its payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

3.8.4 Save as otherwise provided herein, amounts payable to the Bondholders by the Issuer shall be available to the Bondholders on the date the amount is due pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

3.9 No events of default

3.9.1

This Bond Agreement does not contain any event of default provision and neither the Bond Trustee nor the Bondholders may declare any event of default by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Bond Agreement neither on the basis of the Bond Agreement nor on the basis of general principles of Norwegian or Luxembourg law.

4 Other terms and conditions

4.1 Conditionsprecedent
4.1. I The Bond Trustee shall have received the following documentation, no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
a) this Bond Agreement duly signed, b) the Issuer's corporate resolution to make the Issue, c) confirmation that the relevant individuals are authorised to sign on behalf of the
Issuer this Bond Agreement and other relevant documents in relation hereto, (Company Certificate, Power of Authority etc.), d) the Issuer's Articles of Association, e) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (prospectus requirements) are fulfilled, 1) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Issue, g) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register, h) any agreement regarding the Bond Trustee's fees and expenses as set forth in Clause 4.9.2 duly signed,

12

NT

~

~.

Nordic Trustee ASA

i) confirmation according to Clause 4.2.2 if applicable,
j) approval from the Issuer's Supervisor regarding issuance of Bonds in accordance with Clause 3.1,
k) any other relevant documentation presented in relation to the Issue, and I) any statements (including legal opinions) required by the Bond Trustee regarding
documentation in this Clause 4.1.1.

4.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for the documentation as set forth in Clause 4.1.1.

4.1.3 The Issuance of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the manager of the Issue and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled or waived.

4.2 Representations and warranties

4.2.1 At any Issue, the Issuer represents and warrants that:

a) all information which has been presented in relation to such Issue is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to effect the importance of the information as regards the evaluation of the Bonds, and that the Issuer has taken all reasonable measures to ensure this,
b) the Issuer has made a valid resolution to make such Issue, and such Issue does not contravene any of the Issuer's other liabilities, and
c) public requirements have been fulfilled (i.a. Norwegian Securities Trading Act Chapter 7), and that any required public authorisations have been obtained.

4.2.2 The Bond Trustee may prior to any Issue require a statement from the Issuer confirming the Issuer's compliance with Clause 4.2.1.

4.3 Registration of Bonds

4.3.1 The Issuer shall continuously ensure the correct registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register and are not subject to any arrangement, contractual or otherwise, that enhances the seniority of the claim under the instruments in insolvency or liquidation.

4.4 Interest Rate Fixing

4.4.1

If, pursuant to this Bond Agreement, the Interest Rate shall be adjusted during the term of the Bonds, any adjustments shall be carried out by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Exchange shall be notified of the new Interest Rate applicable until the next Interest Payment Date.

4.5 The Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

4.5.1

The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries or any other entity in which the Issuer has a direct or indirect participation (voting rights or capital) of 20% or more may not purchase Bonds, save for redemption in accordance with Issuer's Call Option as set forth above or otherwise in accordance with article 52 (i) of the CRR.

4.6 Covenants
Information Covenants
The Issuer undertakes to:
a) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a material effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement,

13

Nordic Trustee ASA
b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or change the nature of its business,
c) upon request, provide the Bond Trustee with its annual and interim reports and any other information reasonably required by the Bond Trustee,
d) upon request report to the Bond Trustee the balance ofIssuer's Bonds,
e) without being requested to do so, provide a copy to the Bond Trustee of any notice to its creditors to be made according to applicable laws and regulations,
f) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of notices to the Exchange which have relevance to the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement,
g) subject to any restrictions pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, without being requested to do so and without any delay, inform the Bond Trustee of any events described in Clause 3.5, 3.6 and 3.7,
h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register, and
i) without being requested to do so, annually in connection with the release of its annual report, or upon request, confirm to the Bond Trustee compliance with any covenants set forth in this Bond Agreement.

Redemptions, reductions and repurchases of own funds instruments shall not be announced to holders of the instruments before the institution has obtained the prior approval of the Issuer's Supervisor.
A failure to comply with any covenant shall not constitute an event of default.

4.7 Notices

4.7.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

4.7.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee,

alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the

I

Exchange.

f

4.8 Expenses

I

!

4.8.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and

the fulfillment of its obligations hereunder, including the preparation of this Bond

Agreement, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange, and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

I

4.8.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer. For Financial Institutions, and Norwegian governmental issuers, annual fee will be determined according to applicable fee structure an terms and conditions presented at the Bond

I

Trustee's web site (www.trustee.no) at the Issue Date, unless otherwise is agreed with the Trustee. For other issuers a separate fee agreement will be entered into. Fees and expenses

I

payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to insolvency or similar by the Issuer, are not

f

reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the

l

payments to the Bondholders.

i

4.8.3 Any public fees payable in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilling of the obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any public fees levied on the trading of Bonds.

i
I

14

NT I

'*f", ,

Nordic Trustee ASA
4.8.4 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian or Luxembourg law.

5 Bondholders'Meeting
5.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting 5.1.1 The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders'
community in all matters regarding the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding and prevail for all Bonds
5.1.2 The application of articles 86 to 94-8 of the Luxembourg Companies Law are not applicable to the Bonds issued under the Bond Agreement
5.2 Procedural rules for the Bondholders' Meeting 5.2. J A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:
d) the Issuer, e) Bondholders representing at least 1110 of the Voting Bonds, f) the Bond Trustee, or g) the Exchange.

5.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

5.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

5.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

5.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

5.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

5.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

15

------

---------

Nordic Trustee ASA

5.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

5.2.1 O The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and representatives of the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

5.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

5.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

5.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuer's Bonds. Issuer's Bonds have no voting rights.

5.3.2

In all matters to be dealt with at the Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

5.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (l/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 5.4. Even if less than half (112) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

5.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in clause 5.3.5.

5.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 ofthe votes is required:

a) any amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds.
b) the transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (borrower), or
c) change of Bond Trustee.

5.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

5.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

5.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

5.4.1 If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 5.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and

16

Nordic Trustee ASA

the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for

the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

l

5.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are

I

represented.

6 The Bond Trustee
6.1 The role and authority ofthe Bond Trustee

I I

6. I.l The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of

i t

this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, informing the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant

I

information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however this

shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the

~~

Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the

f,

measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreemenl. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to

~

assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set faith in this Bond Agreement.

I

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in

r

all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone

~

taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.1.3 The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement, which, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement, see however Clause 6.1.5.

6. 1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 6. 1.3 provided prior notification to the Bondholders are given, see however Clause 6.1.5. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date of such notification.

6.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 6.1.3 or 6.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 5.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

6. 1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

6.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6. l unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

6.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 5.3.5.

17

Nordic Trustee ASA

6.2 Termination and recovery

6.2.1 The Bond Trustee may take any action it deems necessary in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders.

6.2.2

Should the Bond Trustee receive a written demand to take action as set forth in Clause 6.2.1 from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of Voting Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall take such actions unless the Bondholders' Meeting has passed a resolution for alternative solutions,

6.2.3

The Bond Trustee shall be indemnified by the Bondholders for any results (including any expenses, costs and liabilities) of taking action pursuant to Clause 6.2.2 or pursuant to the Bondholders' Meeting having declared the Bonds to be in default. The Bond Trustee may claim indemnity and security from the Bondholders who put forward the demand in accordance with clause 6.2.2 or voted for the adopted resolution at the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.3 Liability and indemnity

6.3.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

6.3.2 The Issuer is liable for and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of all direct

losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer to fulfilI its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement, including losses

I

incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement.

I

6.4 Change of Bond Trustee

6.4. J Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 5. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

6.4.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 4.9, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

6.4.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

7 General provisions
7.1 The Bondholders' community 7.1.1 Through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, the Bondholders will be
deemed to have acceded to this Bond Agreement and hereby accept that: a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement, b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders,

18

NT

ef1-

~

Nordic Trustee ASA

c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership or Bonds registered in the Securities Register,

d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other,

(ii)

the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly

towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings

against the Issuer,

(iii)

the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the

Bondholders,

(iv)

the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that

(v)

the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

7.1.2 This Bond Agreement shall be publicly available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer.

7.2 Governing law and jurisdiction

7.2.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Bond Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo District Court, except that Clause 3.3,3.6 and 3.7 shall be governed by Luxembourg law).

7.3 Amendments

7.3.1

Subject to the provisions in Clause 6 above, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to make any amendments of the terms of the Bonds which are of a formal, minor or technical nature or are made to correct a manifest error. Other amendments to the terms of the Bonds shall be subject to approval by the Bondholders (with a simple or qualified majority, as the oase may be pursuant to Clause 5.3). Any amendment to the terms of the Bonds shall be subject to the Issuer's Supervisor's prior consent.

7.4 Contact information

7 A.l The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of any changes in its postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

7.5 Process agent

7.5.1 The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

Advanzia Bauk S.A. as Issuer

.... 1.{~f:

~~ ..

By: 6!/fltt !6./Cl)41!{/ Ild-IU HEI/IQ-Ev'

Nordic'I'rustee ASA aSBond~'-'
B~~~0jo·t-2~····

19

