NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.trustee.no

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0542509 -20 per cent Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2009/2010

Oslo, 29 June 2010
Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited - Restructuring - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM") is appointed as Bond Trustee for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Loan") where Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited ("Equinox" or the "Company") is the issuer. The terms and conditions of the Loan are set out in the loan agreement (the "Loan Agreement") between Equinox and NTM (on behalf of the Bondholders) dated 12 October 2009. The remaining Loan is USD 34,400,000 plus accrued interest.
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Loan Agreement unless otherwise stated.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
Background
At the time of the issue of the bond, Equinox assumed that it would be able to secure a contract for ARV1 by the end of 2009. However, due to the delays suffered in securing a contract and the unexpected high cost of completing the ARY1, the Company is seeking to refinance the bond and to raise new equity in the range of USD 30 to USD 35 million (Proposed Refinancing). The requirement for the Proposed Refinancing is partly due to cost overruns in connection with finalising ARYl. The cost overruns were a combination of the final yard bill settlement and increased operating expenses as a result of no contract being secured within the expected timeframe.
The Company also incurred expenses finalizing commissioning to make the vessel ready for a contract on short notice. Commissioning expenses were previously expected to be covered by mobilization fee upon contract award.
Further, the Company has suffered from the global recession which has had an impact on the international offshore industry, resulting in fewer operations offshore and fewer contracts for the Company to tender for. As per today the Company has not any firm contract for operating Vessel #1 after the conversion, and through the restructuring, the Company will ensure sufficient capital base to operate the Company for 12 months without a contract for ARYl.

M AILIN G ADDRESS · P.O.BOX 14 7 0 VIK A, N -O I16 OSLO

LO CATIO N ® H AAKON V II GATE I, OSLO, NORW AY

phone · +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 o rg .n r · no 963 342 624 MVA e-m ail ® m ail@ trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.i m slee.no
The Restructuring Plan
The restructuring plan (the "Restructuring Plan") is a combined transaction consisting of three main elements; (i) a postponement of Maturity Date under the Loan Agreement, (ii) a settlement with the Yard regarding the final bill from the Yard in connection with the conversion of Vessel #1, and (iii) a private placement (the "Private Placement") through which the Company will raise between 30 and 35 million USD as new equity in the Company. All the three mentioned components in the Restructuring Plan are mutually dependent on each other. Hence if one of the components proves unsuccessful, the Restructuring Plan will not be carried out. Should the Restructuring Plan fail to be completed, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged. In connection with the completion of the conversion of ARV1, the ARV1 will change flag from Bahamas to Madeira.
The proposed amendments to the Loan Agreement
The Restructuring Plan requires certain amendments to be made in the Loan Agreement. Firstly, the Restructuring Plan entails a postponement of the Maturity Date under the Loan Agreement. The Maturity Date in the Loan Agreement is 13 October 2010, and the Restructuring Plan proposes a one year postponement so that the new Maturity Date will be 13 October 2011. With effect from the original Maturity Date, the accrued interests will be added to the principal under the Loan. Further, the Bondholders right to compensation in case the Company utilizes its call options under the Loan Agreement shall be pushed forward to the next year, so that the Company shall have the right to redeem the Loan or part of the Loan any time before 13 February 2011 at a price equivalent to the present value on the redemption date of the principal at 105% o f par and all remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including 13 February 2011, calculated using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until 13 February 2011) (plus accrued interest on redeemed principal amount). With effect from 13 February 2011, the Bondholders will be entitled to 105 % if the Company redeems the Loan or part of the Loan to, but not including 13 June 2011, and 102.5 % if the Company redeems the Loan or part of the Loan from and including 13 June to, but not including the (new) Maturity Date.
As part of the settlement with the Yard, the Bondholders will also subordinate the first priority security under the Vessel Mortgage. This subordination will be documented in a co-ordination agreement which the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) will enter into with the Yard. The Yard will have first priority mortgages against the Vessels as security for the Yard Loan (as defined below), and the Loan will be secured by second priority mortgages against the Vessels.
The settlement o f thefinal yard bill with the Yard
The Company has entered into a settlement and deferment of payment agreement with the Yard, According to this agreement, the Company shall settle the final yard bill, less SGD 13,800,000 against delivery of Vessel #1 from the Yard.
The deferred payment of SGD 13,800,000 (approximately USD10 million) will be regulated by a secured loan agreement (the "Yard Loan"). Pursuant to the Yard Loan, the Company shall pay the Yard Loan within 364 days after the completion of the Restructuring Plan, and the Yard Loan shall be interest bearing at an interest rate of 13 %, however the Yard shall regardless of early repayment be entitled to one year of interests - in total SGD 1,794,000. The Yard Loan shall be secured with two first priority ship mortgages against Vessel #1 and Vessel #2 respectively (the "Yard Mortgages"). The Yard Mortgages shall secure the Company's obligation to repay its debt under the Yard Loan plus interest and costs.
2

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w . i iTiMoe. no
In addition to the Yard Loan, the Yard has undertaken to subscribe for 4.76 % of the shares in the Private Placement. This will ensure that the Yard subscribe for an amount of shares pro rata to its current shareholding in the Company.
The Private Placement
The Company shall carry out the Private Placement early July 2010. It should be noted that, in addition to the Yard's obligation to subscribe for shares in the Private Placement, also the Company's management has undertaken to subscribe for shares worth USD 5 million.
For more detailed information, please contact Fondsfinans ASA (contact person Arne Egil Ronning, telephone no. (+47) 23 11 30 46, e-mail: aer@fondsfinans.no: Carnegie ASA (contact person Ole Anton Gulsvik, telephone no. (+47) 22 00 93 86, e-mail: oag@carnegie.no: or Pareto Securities AS (contact person Nils Hovtun, telephone no. (+47) 22 87 87 06, e-mail: nils.hovtun@pareto.no.
To enable the Issuer to conduct the proposed change of the Loan Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.
The Proposal
1. Postponement of maturity Date for 12 months. Accrued Interests on the original Maturity Date shall be added to the principal amount under the Loan.
2. The call structure in the loan will be amended so that the Issuer may redeem parts of the Bond Issue or the entire Bond Issue as follows (American Call Option): a. any time before 13 February 2011 at a price equivalent to the present value on the redemption date of the principal at 105% of par and all remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including 13 February 2011, calculated using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until 13 February 2011) (plus accrued interest on redeemed principal amount); b. any time from 13 February 2011 to, but not including 13 June 2011, at 105 % of par value plus accrued interests on the redeemed principal amount; and c. any time from, and including 13 June 2011 to, but not including the Maturity Date, at 102.5 % of par value plus accrued interests on redeemed principal amount.
3. The Security under the Loan Agreement shall subordinate priority to the Yard Loan.
4. NTM (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall enter into a Co-ordination Agreement with the Yard regarding the priority of security under the Loan Agreement and the Yard Loan respectively.
5. The acceptance given in no. 1 - 4 shall be subject to the Restructuring Plan being completed as described in these summons. For NTM to regard the conditions to be fulfilled, the CEO of the Company shall provide NTM with the following documents at closing of the transaction: a. a written confirmation that the Private Placement has been successfully completed and the New Shares have been issued;
3

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
W W W . f I'UMCCWlO
b. a written confirmation that the Company shall commence the process of selling ARV2, and the Company shall be obligated to sell ARV2 if they receive a bid in excess of USD 15 million on or before 31 December 2010 and USD 12 million if a bid is received after 31 December 2010, provided that the vessel is without contract at the time the bid is received and provided that the bid is made on terms which may be considered to be market terms;
c. a written confirmation from the management company, Equinox Energy Holdings Pte Ltd. confirming that the management agreement can be terminated by the Company at no cost if no contract is secured for the ARV1, or if Equinox should need another restructuring;
d. statements of completeness and correctness from the Company's board and the management respectively;
e. a statement from the Company with a detailed description of all cost overruns since October 2009 and a detailed overview of what has been paid and what is currently outstanding towards the yard and other suppliers, and a confirmation from the Company's suppliers (other than the Yard) that the Company has no other payment obligations than what has been stated in the statement;
f. a confirmation from the Yard of the final yard bill and confirmation that the Company will have no further payment obligations to the Yard other than specific work initiated by a firm contract for ARV1 with a charterer; and
g. a confirmation from the Company that ARV1 has commenced sea trials, and the Company does not expect the sea trials to result in any significant additional costs in order to have the certificates issued.
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal and financial advisers regarding the effect of the Proposal.
4

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www. rmsrcc.no

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

14 July at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon Vns gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Bond Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

1.

The Bondholders accept postponement o f Maturity Date for 12 months from 13

October 2010 to 13 October 2011. Accrued Interests on the original Maturity Date

shall be added to the principal amount under the Loan with effect from the original

Maturity Date.

2.

The american call structure under the Loan shall be amended so that there will be a

"make whole" call until 13 February 2011, and thereafter a call option at 105% o f

par value until 13 June 2011 and thereafter a call option at 102.5 %>o fpar value until

Maturity Date

3.

The Vessel Mortgages under the Loan Agreement shall subordinate priority to the

Yard Loan.

4.

The acceptances given in 1. to 3. are subject to the Private Placement has been

successfully completed raising a minimum o f USD 30,000,000 in new equity o f the

Company and that the Restructuring Plan is completed and confirmed to NTM.

5. NTM is given power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by this Bondholders' meeting as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including, but not limited to, make amendments to the Loan Agreement and to enter into a co-ordination agreement with the Yard.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 o f the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk
5

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.truslcc.no
Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
v em
Fredrik Lundberg Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
6

