NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
To the bondholders in: ISIN: NO 001 033277.8 -FRN Forstædernes Bank A/S Subordinated Open Bond Issue
with Call Option 2006/2014
Oslo, 16 September 2008
Notice to Bondholders
Please find appended a letter with appendixes from Forstædernes Bank AS (the "Bank") dated 15 September 2008 informing the Bondholders that the Bank has been subject o f a public offer for all its shares by Nykredit Realkredit AS. Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

MAILING ADDRESS » P.O.BOX I47O VIKA, N-O I16 OSLO

LOCATION » HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

hone · +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail 0 mail@trustee.no

Norsk Tailitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norge Att,: Tina Bergstrøm

1:5. september 2008

Ré. FRN Forstædernes Bank A/S Subordinated Open Bond Issu, with Call Option 2 0 0 r ø 1 4
Dear Sirs
We refer to the abovementioned Bond Issue dated 26, September, 2006; and.made between us (the "Bank"), Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on: behalf of the Bondholders as Agent, / Arranger för the Bondholders therein (the "Agent") and the Bondholders: set out therein (the "Bondholders") (file "Facility Agreement"). We would be grateful if you would provide a copy of this letter and attached documents to the Bondholders.
Please be advised that the Bank has today been made the subject of a public offer for all its shares under the Danish Securities Act (the Takeover Offer") by Nykredit Realkredit A/S (the "Offeror").
For your information we have attached to this letter an English translation of:
1) A copy of the Company Announcement 16 made by the Bank to the Copenhagen Stock Exchange this morning,
2) A copy of the Announcement 18 made by the Banks Board of Directors, 3) A copy of the forma! Takeover Offer, Announcement 17 4) A copy of the joint Announcement 19 made by the Bank and the Offeror in respect of the
Takeover Offer
Subject to our obligations under the Danish Securities Act, we wii! to keep you up to date with the progress of the Takeover Offer. Any information provided will be made to all lenders to the Bank on an equai basis.
För your further information, information regarding the Offeror may be obtained from the: foiiowing:website www.hykredit.dk. In addition, should you require further information regarding the Offeror you are welcome to contact Steffen Torvits on the foiicwing number +45 2222 2036.

F6r$tædercie$:BapKA/S
Kalvebod Brygge 47 1560 København V

Fmanbs Operations
Telefon 33 52 58 85 Telefax 33 52 59 94

m.sjoegren@forbank.dk www.forhank.dk

CVR-nr, 52 96 98 16 Swift: F8BKDKKK

Pagé'1 c
,
... ,./ f o r iV . 'd u r r n 'j b o r

Should you have, any questions/ please feel free to contact Michael Sjogren or Erik Holbek on the following: number +45 33 52 58 85 or +45 33 52 58 95.
Yours faithfully,

Forstsedernes Bank
' Kalvebod Brygge 47 1580 Kebenhavn V

Finance Operations
Tefefon 33 52 53 85 Telefax 33 52 50 EM

m.sj<^ren(SJforbank.dk www.forbank.dk 

CVR-nr, 52 96 98 16 Swift:" FBBKDKKK

PadeiZcf 2
1,  f o r j t w c t e r r u ' i . b rin y

forstædernes bank
Få b e d r e rå d
Forstædernes Bank - Stock Exchange Announcem ent no 19 - 2008

N yk red it

To OMX Nordic Exchange Copenhagen and the press

15 September 2008

Nykredit launches recommended tender offer to the shareholders of Forstædernes Bank A/S
· Nykredit offers to buy Forstædernes Bank which would become part of a financially strong group that will secure the bank's funding.
· A unanimous board of directors of Forstædernes Bank recommends the tender offer, which will give shareholders a premium of 79.5% compared with the latest share price.
· Forstædernes Bank will be integrated into Nykredit as an independent brand with an existing branch structure and staff.
In August 2008, the board of directors and executive board of Forstædernes Bank contacted Nykredit to enquire whether Nykredit might be interested in taking over Forstædernes Bank.
On the back of extensive talks with Forstædernes Bank, Nykredit has today made a tender offer to the shareholders of Forstædernes Bank. The board of directors of Forstædernes Bank has unanimously de cided to recommend to the shareholders that they accept the Tender Offer. The Tender Offer of DKK 105 per share equals a premium of 79.5% relative to the share price on 12 September, the last trading day before the launch of the Tender Offer.
The bank's approach to Nykredit was prompted by an aim to obtain a closer association with a finan cially strong market player as the bank finds that its future access to liquidity and capital may be ad versely affected by the international financial crisis and the consequences of the collapse of Roskilde Bank.
Forstædernes Bank sees the Nykredit Group as an ideal buyer, as Nykredit would be able to accommo date the objective of continuing the bank with its market position in the metropolitan area and main taining its strong focus on product and advisory competencies under the current branch structure in addition to securing the bank's requisite access to funding.
Jesper Andreasen, Chairman of Forstædernes Bank, says in relation to Nykredit's Tender Offer: - The board of directors of Forstædernes Bank finds Nykredit's offer attractive to Forstædernes Bank's
shareholders - particularly in the light of the bank's expected reduced earnings capacity and in creased risk of impairment losses in the coming years. Furthermore, the board finds that selling to Nykredit constitutes the responsible and timely solution that best serves the interests of the share holders, the customers and the staff. The board has therefore unanimously resolved to recommend the sale to the shareholders.
The executive board and board of directors have offered to sell their shares pursuant to the Tender Offer.
Forstædernes Bank A/S 1Kalvebod Brygge 47 · DK-1560 Copenhagen V Tel +4 5 33 52 52 52 w w w .forb a n k.d k · CVR no 52 96 98 16 N ykredit R ealkredit A/S · Kalvebod Brygge 1-3 DK-1560 Copenhagen V · T e l+ 45 44 55 10 00 · w w w .nykredlt.com - CVR no 12 71 92 80

Peter Engberg Jensen, Group Chief Executive, Nykredit: - We gave serious consideration to Forstædernes Bank's approach and decided to make the offer to the
shareholders as Forstædernes Bank fits well with the aim to obtain a more significant market position in the metropolitan area. Forstædernes Bank will be able to continue its current brand as an inde pendent bank of the Nykredit Group. This also implies maintaining the branch structure. To us, this is a long-term investment, and we hope that the shareholders will support the recommendation issued by the board of directors of Forstædernes Bank with respect to our Tender Offer.
Strategic rationale for the acquisition As a financial services group, Nykredit has activities within commercial banking, mortgage lending, in surance, investment, pension and estate agency business. Until today, Nykredit has pursued growth within commercial banking organically. The Tender Offer to buy all shares in Forstædernes Bank should be seen in direct context with Forstædernes Bank's approach to Nykredit for the purpose of obtaining a closer association with a significant market player.
In Nykredit's opinion, Forstædernes Bank generally has a sound credit portfolio, but also a certain credit exposure to the corporate customers area. If the current economic trends continue unchanged, such exposure is expected to entail significant impairment losses in the years ahead. However, Nykredit sees good prospects for Integrating Forstædernes Bank into the Nykredit Group, and an acquisition of the bank would strengthen Nykredit's market position with a lift in total commercial bank assets from DKK 148bn to DKK 184bn.
In addition, Forstædernes Bank makes for a good strategic fit with Nykredit due to the fact that:
· Forstædernes Bank has a customer base with a majority of small and medium-sized businesses and wealthy private individuals.
· Like the Nykredit Group, Forstædernes Bank focuses on the housing, investment and pension areas.
· Forstædernes Bank has a market presence in the metropolitan area that complements the Nyk redit Group's presence in the same area.
· Forstædernes Bank has a branch network of advisory-based corporate banking/investment cen tres without traditional cashier services. This is well in keeping with the Nykredit Group's strat egy in this area.
Furthermore, there would be possibilities of coordinating the activities of the Markets areas and selected staff functions.
Future development plans For the time being, Nykredit plans to carry on Forstædernes Bank as an independent brand and com pany of the Nykredit Group under the current management, and Nykredit has no current plans to re duce Forstædernes Bank's staff number beyond the reduction that follows from natural wastage.
The business concept of Forstædernes Bank will be continued for the time being, and the bank's branch structure will be maintained. The future strategy of Forstædernes Bank will be assessed in connection with the Nykredit Group's ongoing strategy process.
2/4

Nykredit will continue the ongoing process of reducing Forstædernes Bank's exposure to the property market and the general adjustment of the bank's credit exposures to match the current economic cli mate.
It is the intention to make Forstædernes Bank a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nykredit Realkredit on a par with Totalkredit A/S and Nykredit Bank A/S. After completion of the Tender Offer, new members will be elected for the board of directors of Forstædernes Bank. The current staff board members will continue to serve on the board of directors.
Existing business partners Nykredit expects Forstædernes Bank to continue its membership of the Association of Local Banks, Sav ings Banks and Co-operative Savings Banks in Denmark and existing business partnerships of signifi cant financial importance to the bank such as the cooperation with Totalkredit A/S and Sparinvest.
Details about the Tender Offer Nykredit's Tender Offer has been published through the OMX Nordic Exchange Copenhagen together with this announcement and is available at www.nykredit.dk,www.forbank.dk and www.omxnordicexchange.com. The Tender Offer, including acceptance form, will be forwarded to the bank's registered shareholders as soon as possible.
The shareholders of Forstædernes Bank are offered DKK 105 per share equal to a premium of 79.5% relative to the share price on 12 September, the last trading day before the launch of the Tender Offer.
For the purpose of the Tender Offer, Nykredit has conducted a due diligence of Forstædernes Bank. The Tender Offer is not subject to financing or approval by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority as such approval has already been obtained.
The Tender Offer contains a few standard clauses such as the requirements that shareholders repre senting more than 90% of the share capital of Forstædernes Bank must accept the offer and that the shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting adopt a proposal submitted by the board of directors of Forstædernes Bank to repeal the provision of article 10 of the articles of association on voting restric tions and that the transaction is approved by the Danish Competition Authority.
The Tender Offer expires on Monday 13 October 2008.
SEB Enskilda is acting as sole financial adviser to Nykredit.
Gorrissen Federspiel Kierkegaard is acting as legal adviser to Nykredit.
FIH PARTNERS is acting as sole financial adviser to Forstædernes Bank.
Kromann Reumert is acting as legal adviser to Forstædernes Bank.
Press contact and further information In connection with Nykredit's Tender Offer, a press conference is held today at ll: 0 0 h at Nykredit's headquarters, Kalvebod Brygge 1-3, DK-1780 Copenhagen K.
3/4

At the press conference, Peter Engberg Jensen, Group Chief Executive, and Karsten Knudsen, Group Managing Director, Nykredit, and Jesper Andreasen, Chairman, and Kjeld Mosebo Christensen, CEO, Forstædernes Bank, will give further details on the Tender Offer. Contacts: Nykredit: Peter Engberg Jensen, Group Chief Executive, or Nels Petersen, Head of Corporate Communications, tel +45 44 55 14 70 or +45 20 22 22 72, Forstædernes Bank: Jesper Andreasen, Chairman, tel +45 40 58 63 34, or Steffen Torvits, Head of Corporate Communica tions and Investor Relations, tel +45 22 22 20 36. For further information, please visit: www.nykredit.dk and www.forbank.dk.
4/4

Company announcement 16 - 2008

15 September 2008

Updated expectations of result; dialogue regarding a tender offer for Forstædernes Bank A/S
The Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank A/S ("the Bank") has been in talks with a leading financial institution about a possible tender offer for the Bank. The Bank expects that a tender offer will be presented shortly after the publication of this announcement.
The Bank updates its expectations of its results etc. as follows:
As per 31 August 2008, the Bank has calculated Its solvency ratio at 11.8 and the excess cover in relation to the 10% requirement set out in Section 152 of the Danish Financial Business Act at 105%, equivalent to a liquidity reserve of approximately DKK 4 bn.
Since 30 June 2008, the Bank's core earnings have developed as expected. Flowever, as a consequence of the circumstances described below, the Bank expects core earnings for all 2008 to amount to DKK 250-300m, equivalent to a return on equity as per the beginning of the financial year of approximately 12%. In connection with the publication of the Bank's half-year report for 2008, the Bank expected core earnings for all 2008 to be at the level of approximately DKK 300-350m.
Furthermore, according to the management's estimates the Bank can only expect a break even result for 2009 and 2010 in aggregate.
The background for the Management's adjusted expectations of 2008 and the expected break-even result in 2009 and 2010 is as follows:
The global crisis on the financial markets The global financial markets are facing a historic crisis. This has brought increased focus on the risk of making capital available for financial institutions, and it has reduced the amount of liquidity available for lending to clients.
The Bank is affected by the situation on the international lending market in general and the international lenders' view of the Danish financial sector in particular. To a large extent, the loan financing ("funding") obtained by the Bank is established through Danish and foreign financial institutions, which now seek to reduce their exposure to the Danish market.
The collapse of Roskilde Bank in mid July 2008 and the subsequent unsuccessful efforts to dispose of this bank to a third party have brought focus on the Bank. At present, the access to funding from the international lending markets is characterised by greatly increased prices to the extent that funding is available at all.

Forstædernes Bank A/S, Investor Relations & Presse 1

forstædernes oanx
Fa b e d r e ra d

Correspondingly, it is estimated that under the current market conditions it is in practice not possible to raise hybrid capital and subordinate loan capital.
In its activities, the Bank has taken into account a possible economic slowdown and has planned a number of emergency measures in order to counter potential write downs of assets and securities held by the Bank. However, the Bank did not anticipate the current almost complete and unprecedented standstill in the international funding markets.
Liquidity position The lack of international financing affects the Bank's short and long term funding which expires and must be refinanced.
According to plan, the Bank must refinance approximately DKK 5-6bn on the international lending markets in the period until the end of 2010 and in 2011 to 2013 an additional amount of DKK 5-6bn. Viewed separately, the Bank has sufficient liquidity to refinance the funding which expires until the end of 2009, but the shortage of financing options may well affect the funding that has to be refinanced subsequently. Under the present market conditions, it is uncertain whether the Bank in the long term will be able to obtain the necessary refinancing with its present structure and ownership. Even if it were possible to obtain such funding, it should be expected that, under the prevailing market conditions, refinancing will be available on considerably poorer terms, to the detriment of the Bank's earnings potential and competitiveness.
Since 11 July 2008 when Roskilde Bank first made a public announcement regarding Roskilde Bank's problems, the Bank has experienced a net reduction of deposits of approximately 8 percent of total deposits as of 30 June 2008, equivalent to DKK 1.3bn. This development in the deposits does not In itself give rise to any problems for the Bank, and the Bank still has a reasonable excess liquidity of approximately DKK 4bn as per 31 August 2008. With the development on the international lending markets as outlined above, a material reduction of the total deposits may, however, contribute to a more difficult position in the future, since a lack of funding and reduced deposits will mainly have to be financed through the Bank's liquidity reserve and a coinciding reduction of the loan portfolio.
Potential write downs The Bank's earnings and the risk of write downs depend to a considerable extent on the development on the property and securities markets.
Decreasing prices for both business and housing property have put considerable strain on the property markets, and thus the pledges on which the Bank's loan portfolio is based have been diluted. When this development is taken together with the weaker economic development in Denmark, there is also a risk that certain lenders' earnings and liquidity will be put under pressure.
The development on the securities markets has also been negative in 2008 as a whole and in particular during recent months. To the extent that the Bank's credit

Forstædernes Bank A/S, Investor Relations & Presse

Kalvebod Brygge 47 1560 København V

Tlf. 33 52 52 52 Fax 33 52 52 53

investor@torbank.dk www.forbank.dk

CVR-nr. 52 96 98 16 Swift: FBBKDKKK

forstædernes bank
r i L i c e rcc

commitments have been secured by a pledge on securities, the decreasing prices entail reduced security and thus, other things being equal, an increased risk of losses.
On the basis of the foregoing, the Board of Directors and the Executive Board have made a renewed assessment of the Bank's risk of write downs. The need for write downs in 2008 has been taken into account in the adjusted expectations of the Bank's core earnings for all 2008. It is the assessment of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board that the risk of write downs will increase considerably during each of the next two years, should the present macroeconomic conditions continue or deteriorate. This will negatively affect the earnings and intensify the requirements to the solvency of the Bank.
Earnings potential It is the opinion of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board that the expected development of the Bank's funding position will lead to a reduced activity level in the Bank, either through reduced lending or through non-competitive interest rate margins and consequently reduced earnings potential. When this is related to expected lower earnings from asset management due to the global development of asset values and the above-mentioned potential write downs, it is the management's assessment that the aggregate result for 2009 and 2010 will be a break-even result.
Jesper Andreasen Chairman of the Board of Directors
Contact person: Jesper Andreasen, Chairman of the Board of Directors: Tel. +45 40 58 63 34 Steffen Torvits, Investor Relations and Press Manager: Tel. +45 22 22 20 36
This announcement has been issued both in Danish and English. In case of inconsistency the Danish-language version shall prevail.

Forstædernes Bank A/S, Investor Relations & Presse

Kalvebod Brygge 47 15S0 København V

Tlf. 33 52 52 52 Fax 33 52 52 53

investor@forbank.dk www.forbank.dk

CVR-nr. 52 96 98 16 Swift: FBBKDKKK

forstædernes twnk
Ta `j e a r e r o a

Company announcement 16 - 2008

15 September 2008

Updated expectations of result; dialogue regarding a tender offer for Forstædernes Bank A/S
The Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank A/S ("the Bank") has been in talks with a leading financial institution about a possible tender offer for the Bank. The Bank expects that a tender offer will be presented shortly after the publication of this announcement.
The Bank updates its expectations of its results etc. as follows:
As per 31 August 2008, the Bank has calculated its solvency ratio at 11.8 and the excess cover in relation to the 10% requirement set out in Section 152 of the Danish Financial Business Act at 105%, equivalent to a liquidity reserve of approximately DKK 4 bn.
Since 30 June 2008, the Bank's core earnings have developed as expected. However, as a consequence of the circumstances described below, the Bank expects core earnings for all 2008 to amount to DKK 250-300m, equivalent to a return on equity as per the beginning of the financial year of approximately 12%. In connection with the publication of the Bank's half-year report for 2008, the Bank expected core earnings for all 2008 to be at the level of approximately DKK 300-350m.
Furthermore, according to the management's estimates the Bank can only expect a break even result for 2009 and 2010 in aggregate.
The background for the Management's adjusted expectations of 2008 and the expected break-even result in 2009 and 2010 is as follows:
The global crisis on the financial markets The global financial markets are facing a historic crisis. This has brought increased focus on the risk of making capita! available for financial institutions, and it has reduced the amount of liquidity available for lending to clients.
The Bank is affected by the situation on the international lending market in general and the international lenders' view of the Danish financial sector in particular. To a large extent, the loan financing ("funding") obtained by the Bank is established through Danish and foreign financial institutions, which now seek to reduce their exposure to the Danish market.
The collapse of Roskilde Bank in mid July 2008 and the subsequent unsuccessful efforts to dispose of this bank to a third party have brought focus on the Bank. At present, the access to funding from the international lending markets is characterised by greatly increased prices to the extent that funding is available at all.

Forstædernes Bank A/S, Investor Relations & Presse

Kalvebod Brygge 47
..

Tlf. 33 52 52 52
>j

investor@forbank.dk www forbark rik

CVR-nr. 52 96 98 16 Swift FBBKDKKK

forstædernes bank
ra aeare iac

Correspondingly, it is estimated that under the current market conditions it is in practice not possible to raise hybrid capital and subordinate loan capital.
In its activities, the Bank has taken into account a possible economic slowdown and has planned a number of emergency measures in order to counter potential write downs of assets and securities held by the Bank. However, the Bank did not anticipate the current almost complete and unprecedented standstill in the international funding markets.
Liquidity position The lack of international financing affects the Bank's short and long term funding which expires and must be refinanced.
According to plan, the Bank must refinance approximately DKK 5-6bn on the international lending markets in the period until the end of 2010 and in 2011 to 2013 an additional amount of DKK 5-6bn. Viewed separately, the Bank has sufficient liquidity to refinance the funding which expires until the end of 2009, but the shortage of financing options may well affect the funding that has to be refinanced subsequently. Under the present market conditions, it is uncertain whether the Bank in the long term will be able to obtain the necessary refinancing with its present structure and ownership. Even if it were possible to obtain such funding, it should be expected that, under the prevailing market conditions, refinancing will be available on considerably poorer terms, to the detriment of the Bank's earnings potential and competitiveness.
Since 11 July 2008 when Roskilde Bank first made a public announcement regarding Roskilde Bank's problems, the Bank has experienced a net reduction of deposits of approximately 8 percent of total deposits as of 30 June 2008, equivalent to DKK 1,3bn. This development in the deposits does not in itself give rise to any problems for the Bank, and the Bank still has a reasonable excess liquidity of approximately DKK 4bn as per 31 August 2008. With the development on the international lending markets as outlined above, a material reduction of the total deposits may, however, contribute to a more difficult position in the future, since a lack of funding and reduced deposits will mainly have to be financed through the Bank's liquidity reserve and a coinciding reduction of the loan portfolio.
Potential write downs The Bank's earnings and the risk of write downs depend to a considerable extent on the development on the property and securities markets.
Decreasing prices for both business and housing property have put considerable strain on the property markets, and thus the pledges on which the Bank's loan portfolio is based have been diluted. When this development is taken together with the weaker economic development in Denmark, there is also a risk that certain lenders' earnings and liquidity will be put under pressure.
The development on the securities markets has also been negative in 2008 as a whole and in particular during recent months. To the extent that the Bank's credit

Forstædernes Bank A/S, Investor Relations & Presse

Kalvebod Brygge 47 1560 København V

Til. 33 52 52 52 Fax 33 52 52 53

lnvestor@forbank.dk www.forbank.dk

CVR-nr. 52 96 9816 Swift: FBBKDKKK

forstædernes bank
Ti tLc'ic rac

commitments have been secured by a pledge on securities, the decreasing prices entail reduced security and thus, other things being equal, an increased risk of losses.
On the basis of the foregoing, the Board of Directors and the Executive Board have made a renewed assessment of the Bank's risk of write downs. The need for write downs in 2008 has been taken into account in the adjusted expectations of the Bank's core earnings for all 2008. It is the assessment of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board that the risk of write downs will increase considerably during each of the next two years, should the present macroeconomic conditions continue or deteriorate. This will negatively affect the earnings and intensify the requirements to the solvency of the Bank.
Earnings potential It is the opinion of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board that the expected development of the Bank's funding position will lead to a reduced activity level in the Bank, either through reduced lending or through non-competitive interest rate margins and consequently reduced earnings potential. When this is related to expected lower earnings from asset management due to the global development of asset values and the above-mentioned potential write downs, it is the management's assessment that the aggregate result for 2009 and 2010 will be a break-even result.
Jesper Andreasen Chairman of the Board of Directors
Contact person: Jesper Andreasen, Chairman of the Board of Directors: Tel. +45 40 58 63 34 Steffen Torvits, Investor Relations and Press Manager: Tel. +45 22 22 20 36
This announcement has been issued both in Danish and English. In case of inconsistency the Danish-language version shall prevail

Forstædernes Bank A/S, Investor Relations & Presse

Kalvebod Brygge 47 1560 København V

Tif, 33 52 52 52 Fax 33 52 52 53

investor@forbank.dk
* ·. \ *n-

CVR-nr. 52 96 98 16 Swift FBSKDKKK

forstædernes bank
ra bedre r£c

OFFER DOCUMENT
Recommended tender offer to the shareholders of Forstædernes Bank A/S
forstædernes bank
F4 b p Q T e r i d
(CVR No. 52 96 98 16)
submitted by Nykredit Realkredit A/S
(CVR No. 12 71 92 80)
15 September 2008

Contents:

1

Introduction........................................................................................................4

2

Recommendation from the Board o f Directors o f ForstædernesB a n k........................7

3

Background for the Tender Offer and plansfor Forstædernes Bank........................ 7

4

Terms and conditions o f the Tender O ffer..............................................................9

5

Description of Forstædernes B ank...................................................................... 18

6

Description of Nykredit Realkredit....................................................................... 21

Appendices: Acceptance Form Offer Advertisement

2

This Offer Document including the related acceptance form contains important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to accepting the Tender Offer submitted by Nykredit Realkredit A/S relating to all outstanding shares o f Forstædernes BankA/S.
The Tender Offer contained in this Offer Document has been prepared as a voluntary offer in accordance with the Danish Securities Trading Act (Consolidated Act No. 848 o f 19 August 2008) and the Danish Se curities Council's Executive Order No. 1228 o f 22 October 2007 on Public Tender Offers. The Tender Of fer as well as any acceptance thereof are governed by Danish law.
This Offer Document has been prepared in Danish and has been translated into English. In case o f incon sistencies between the two versions, the Danish text shall apply,
No person has been authorised on behalf o f Nykredit Realkredit A/S to give any information o r to make any representation on the Tender Offer not contained herein. I f given or made, such information or rep resentation cannot be relied on as having been authorised.
This Tender Offer is not made to shareholders whose participation in the Tender Offer would require the preparation o f an offer document, registration or other activities other than what is required under Dan ish law. This Tender Offer is not made, directly or Indirectly, within any jurisdiction in which the submis sion o f the Tender Offer or acceptance thereof would contravene the law o f such jurisdiction, and this Of fer Document may not be distributed to shareholders resident in any such jurisdiction. Any person ac quiring possession o f this Offer Document is expected to obtain on his or her own accord any necessary information on any restrictions and to comply with such restrictions.
Any changes to the terms or conditions of this Tender Offer will be announced through OMX Nordic Ex change Copenhagen A/S and through electronic media if and to the extent required under applicable laws, rules and regulations.
This Offer Document may contain statements relating to future matters or circumstances, including statements on future performance or growth or other trend projections and benefits o f the Tender Offer. Such statements may generally, but not always, be identified by the use o f words such as "anticipates", "assumes", "expects", or sim ilar expressions. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
3

1

Introduction

The Tender Offer Pursuant to Section 32(2) of the Danish Securities Trading Act and the Danish Financial Su pervisory Authority's Executive Order No. 1228 of 22 October 2007 on Takeover Bids (the "Executive Order on Takeover Bids"), Nykredit Realkredit A/S, CVR No. 12 71 92 80 ("Nyk redit Realkredit" or "the Offeror") hereby submits a voluntary public tender offer (the "Ten der Offer") to the shareholders of:

Forstædernes Bank A/S CVR No. 52 96 98 16 Kalvebod Brygge 47
DK-1560 Copenhagen V Denmark

regarding the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of Forstædernes Bank A/S ("For stædernes Bank") for cash consideration on the terms and conditions specified in this offer document (the "Offer Document").

The Offeror Nykredit Realkredit is a Danish mortgage bank which, including the subsidiaries Totalkredit A/S, Nykredit Bank A/S, Nykredit Forsikring A/S and Nykredit Mægler A/S, carries on financial business within the areas of mortgage lending, commercial banking, insurance, investment, pension and estate agency services.

The Nykredit Group employs approx 3,800 staff and has business relationships with more than one million customers.

During the past ten years, the Nykredit Group has developed from a mortgage bank into a broad-based financial services group recording growth in all business areas. The Nykredit Group is the second largest lender in Denmark with a market share of 25.7% of total com mercial and mortgage bank lending in Denmark at 31 December 2007. The Nykredit Group is the largest mortgage lender in Denmark with a 40.6% share of total bond debt outstanding at 31 December 2007. Within commercial banking and non-life insurance, the Nykredit Group has market shares of 3% and 4%, respectively.

The Nykredit Group's equity amounted to DKK 53.4bn at 30 June 2008.

Nykredit Realkredit is wholly owned by Nykredit Holding A/S, the shareholders of which are Foreningen Nykredit (88.18%), Industriens Realkreditfond (5.42%), Foreningen Østifterne (3.25%) and PRAS A/S (3.15%).

4

The Offer Period The Tender Offer is valid as of 15 September 2008 and expires on 13 October 2008, at 8 pm (Danish time) or at the expiration of any extension of the offer period, cf. section 4 below (the "Offer Period"). Acceptances of the Tender Offer must be received by SEB Enskilda through the selling shareholders' own custodian bank or stockbroker prior to the expiration of the Offer Period.

The Offer Price The shareholders of Forstædernes Bank are offered DKK 105 in cash for each share of For stædernes Bank A/S with a nominal value of DKK 25 (the "Offer Price"), which is equal to a total price of DKK 1,823 for the outstanding shares of Forstædernes Bank. Forstædernes Bank has informed Nykredit Realkredit that the bank owns approx, 7% treasury shares.

If Forstædernes Bank pays dividends or makes other distributions to its shareholders prior to settlement of the Tender Offer, the Offer Price to be paid pursuant to the Tender Offer will be reduced accordingly (krone for krone).

The shares of Forstædernes Bank are listed on the OMX Nordic Exchange Copenhagen A/S ("OMX Copenhagen"). The table below shows the premium of the Offer Price compared to the historical movements In the price of the shares of Forstædernes Bank:

Period
Price at closing of OMX Copenhagen 12 September 20081' Average price 12) month before submission of the Tender Offer Average price 32) months before submission of the Tender Offer Average price 62^months before submission of the Tender Offer

Share price of Forstædernes Bank (DKK)
58.5 76.2 82.4 96.0

Premium com pared to his torical price (%)
79.5 37,8 27.4
9.4

All share prices in DKK per Forstædernes Bank share of a nominal value of DKK 25. 1) Last trading day before publication of the Tender Offer. 2 ) The averages prices are calculated on the basis of volume weighted trade in the stated period for All
Trades average price.

Offeror's present holding of Forstædernes Bank shares At the time of submission of the Tender Offer, Nykredit Realkredit holds 166,500 shares of Forstædernes Bank at nominal value DKK 25, which equals 0,89% of the share capital of Forstædernes Bank. Due to provisions of the articles of association of Forstædernes Bank, the voting rights attached to the shares are limited to 0.1% of the share capital.

The Offeror has not acquired any shares of Forstædernes Bank, or any purchase option relat ing to shares of Forstædernes Bank, at a price exceeding the Offer Price within the last six months.

5

Conditions to the Tender Offer The Tender Offer is conditional upon the conditions listed in section 4 below, under the item "Conditions".
The Danish Financial Supervisory Authority has approved Nykredit Realkredit's contemplated acquisition of shares in Forstædernes Bank under the Tender Offer pursuant to Section 61 of the Danish Financial Business Act.
Nykredit Realkredit reserves the right to withdraw the Tender Offer if one or more of the conditions listed in section 4, under the item "Conditions", are not complied with. Further, the Offeror reserves the right to waive one or more of these conditions in accordance with Section 15 (4) of the Executive Order on Takeover Bids. Any such withdrawal or waiver will be announced through OMX Copenhagen and through electronic media if and to the extent required under applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Other important information Nykredit Realkredit will not pay any remuneration to the Committee of Representatives, the Board of Directors or the Management Board of Forstædernes Bank in connection with the Tender Offer.
The Offeror, as well as any person acting in a common understanding with the Offeror, have not concluded any agreement on amendments to any existing agreements on bonus schemes or similar incentive schemes to the Committee of Representatives, the Board of Directors or the Board of Management of Forstædernes Bank, nor will any such agreement be concluded prior to the settlement of the Tender Offer.
The Offeror will not make any proposal on the payment of dividends (ordinary or extraordi nary) to the shareholders of Forstædernes Bank within the first 12 months after the settle ment of the Tender Offer,
The Offeror is not offering compensation to the shareholders of Forstædernes Bank in accor dance with Section 81h(2) of the Danish Public Companies Act, since it is not being assumed that Forstædernes Bank shall suspend any special rights or restrictions as set out in Section 81d(l) of the Danish Public Companies Act, that will result in a financial loss for the share holders of Forstædernes Bank.
The Offeror confirms that all agreements of which the Offeror has knowledge and which are important when assessing this Tender Offer have been described in the Offer Document.
Since the Tender Offer complies with the requirements applying to voluntary public offers, cf. Sections 3 and 5 of the Executive Order on Takeover Bids, the completion of the Tender Of-
6

fer will not result in an obligation on the Offeror to submit a subsequent mandatory public of fer, cf. Section 2(5) of the Executive Order on Takeover Bids. Consequently, the Offeror does not expect to submit such mandatory public offer.

If upon settlement of the Tender Offer, the Offeror has acquired more than 90% of the share capital and voting rights of Forstædernes Bank, the Offeror intends to Initiate a compulsory acquisition of all the outstanding shares of Forstædernes Bank not held by the Offeror at that time, pursuant to the rules in the Danish Public Companies Act, and in connection with such compulsory acquisition to de-list the shares of Forstædernes Bank from OMX Copenhagen.

This introduction shall be read in connection with the detailed terms and conditions below.

2

Recommendation from the Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank

The Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank has unanimously agreed to recommend to the shareholders of Forstædernes Bank to accept the Tender Offer. The recommendation by the Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank is supported by a fairness opinion prepared by FIH PARTNERS stating that the Offer Price is considered to be fair from a financial perspective, subject to certain assumptions.

3

Background for the Tender Offer and plans for Forstædernes Bank

In August 2008, the Management of Forstædernes Bank contacted Nykredit Realkredit to enquire whether Nykredit Realkredit might be interested in taking over Forstædernes Bank.

Forstædernes Bank has informed Nykredit Realkredit that the bank's enquiry was prompted by an aim to obtain a closer association with a large market player as the bank foresees that its future access to liquidity and capital may be negatively affected by the international financial crisis and the consequences of the collapse of Roskilde Bank. Reference is made to the statement issued by the Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank in pursuance of Section 14 of the Executive Order on Takeover Bids published together with the Tender Offer.

Following an extensive dialogue and negotiations with the Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank, Nykredit Realkredit has decided to submit the Tender Offer recommended by the Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank. With a view to submitting the Tender Offer, Nykredit Realkredit has conducted an investigation of Forstædernes Bank.

In Nykredit Realkredits opinion, Forstædernes Bank generally has a sound credit portfolio, but also a certain credit exposure to the corporate customers area. If the current economic trends continue unchanged, such exposure is expected to entail significant impairment losses in the years ahead. However, Nykredit Realkredit sees good prospects for integrating Forstædernes Bank into the Nykredit Group, and an acquisition of the bank would strengthen the Nykredit Group's financial market position with a lift in total commercial bank assets from DKK 148bn to DKK 184bn.
7

Forstædernes Bank is also considered to be a good strategic fit with the Nykredit Group due to, inter alia, the following circumstances:
· Forstædernes Bank has a customer base with a majority of small and medium-sized businesses and wealthy private individuals.
· Like the Nykredit Group, Forstædernes Bank focuses on the investment and pension areas.
· Forstædernes Bank has a market presence in the metropolitan area that complements the Nykredit Group's physical presence in the same area.
· Forstædernes Bank has a branch network of advisory-based corporate banking/investment centres without traditional cashier services. This Is well in keeping with the Nykredit Group's strategy in this area.
Furthermore, it will be possible to coordinate the Markets-area and selected staff functions.
Against this backdrop, Nykredit Realkredit has decided to submit a tender offer to the shareholders of Forstædernes Bank.
For the time being, Nykredit Realkredit plans to carry on Forstædernes Bank as an independent brand and company of the Nykredit Group under the current management, and Nykredit Realkredit has no current plans to reduce Forstædernes Bank's staff number beyond the reduction that follows from natural wastage.
The business concept of Forstædernes Bank will be continued for the time being, and the bank's branch structure wit) be maintained. The future strategy of Forstædernes Bank will be assessed in connection with the Nykredit Group's ongoing strategy process.
Nykredit Realkredit will continue the ongoing process of reducing Forstædernes Bank's exposure to the property market and the general adjustment of the bank's credit exposure to match the current economic climate.
It is the intention to make Forstædernes Bank a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nykredit Realkredit on a par with Totalkredit A/S and Nykredit Bank A/S. After completion of the Tender Offer, new members will be elected for the Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank. The current employee representatives will continue to serve on the Board.
The Committee of Representatives of Forstædernes Bank will not continue in its present form. After completion of the Tender Offer, Nykredit Realkredit will, in dialogue with the
8

members of the Committee of Representatives, consider whether the committee members may later join Nykredits regional councils.

Nykredit Realkredit expects Forstædernes Bank to continue its membership of the Association of Local Banks, Savings Banks and Co-operative Savings Banks in Denmark and existing business partnerships of significant financial importance to the bank such as the cooperation with Totalkredit A/S and Sparinvest.

If upon settlement of the Tender Offer, Nykredit Realkredit has acquired more than 90% of the share capital and voting rights of Forstædernes Bank, the Offeror intends to initiate a compulsory acquisition of all the remaining shares pursuant to the rules in the Danish Public Companies Act, and in connection with such compulsory acquisition to de-list the shares of Forstædernes Bank from OMX Copenhagen. In connection with the expected de-listing of the shares of Forstædernes Bank, certain adjustments of the articles of association of For stædernes Bank will be made,

4

Terms and conditions of the Tender Offer

Offeror:

Nykredit Realkredit A/S Kalvebod Brygge 1 DK-1560 Copenhagen V Denmark CVR No. 12 71 92 80

Offer Price:

The shareholders of Forstædernes Bank are offered in cash DKK 105 for each Forstædernes Bank share with a nominal value of DKK 25 (ISIN securities code DK0060076354).

If Forstædernes Bank pays dividends or makes other distribu tions to its shareholders prior to settlement of the Tender Of fer, the Offer Price to be paid pursuant to the Tender Offer will be reduced accordingly (krone for krone).

The selling shareholders shall pay all brokerage fees and other costs arising from their sale of shares of Forstædernes Bank, and such fees or costs shall be of no concern to the Of feror.

Offer Period;

The Tender Offer is valid as of 15 September 2008 and ex pires on 13 October 2008 at 8 pm (Danish time). Acceptance of the Tender Offer must be received by SEB Enskilda through the selling shareholders' own custodian bank or stockbroker

9

Conditions:

prior to the expiration of the Offer Period.
The Tender Offer is subject to the following conditions:
(a) That the Offeror owns, or has received valid accep tances of the Tender Offer in respect of, an aggregate of more than 90% of Forstædernes Bank's share capital and voting rights (Forstædernes Bank's portion of treasury shares shall not be included in the share capi tal, except for the number of treasury shares necessary to satisfy options to acquire shares in Forstædernes Bank which may be due for exercise after the expiry of the Offer Period).
(b) That (i) prior to completion of the Tender Offer, there is no change in or binding undertaking to amend or change the share capital of Forstædernes Bank or its articles of association (except for such changes or un dertakings as follows from this Offer Document) and that there have been no announcements of proposals of the Board of Directors in relation hereto; (ii) prior to completion of the Tender Offer, Forstædernes Bank does not sell or in any other way dispose of any of its holding of treasury shares, apart from a disposal in connection with any redemption or exercise of already issued stock options; and (iii) prior to completion of the Tender Offer, Forstædernes Bank does not issue any securities directly or indirectly convertible or exchange able into shares of Forstædernes Bank.
(c) That an Extraordinary General Meeting of Forstædernes Bank, which shall be held before the expiry of the Offer Period, duly adopts a proposal by the Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank to:
(i) repeal Article 10(5) of the articles of association on restrictions on voting rights; and
(ii) amend Articles 12(1), 14(3) and 16(1) of the ar ticles of association so that, in the future, the members of the Board of Directors are to be
10

Acceptance procedure:

elected by the General Meeting.
on the condition that either the Tender Offer or a possi ble subrogate tender offer recommended by the Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank is completed.
(d) That the Offeror has obtained any and all necessary approvals from public authorities to acquire the total share capital of Forstædernes Bank, on terms that the Offeror reasonably deems satisfactory, and that no competition authority or other public authority has as serted or threatened any objection which may affect the completion of the Tender Offer. The Danish Finan cial Supervisory Authority has approved the Offeror's contemplated acquisition of shares In Forstædernes Ba nk under the Tender Offer pursuant to Section 61 of the Danish Financial Business Act.
(e) That, prior to the completion of the Tender Offer, no circumstances have occurred in Forstædernes Bank, which have a material adverse effect on the financial position of Forstædernes Bank. Any circumstances known by the Offeror at the time of submission of the Tender Offer and market-related circumstances shall not be taken into consideration.
(f) That the completion of the Tender Offer is not threat ened or impeded by any legislative initiative, legal ac tion, decisions by public authorities or other similar cir cumstances outside the control of the Offeror.
Shareholders who wish to tender their Forstædernes Bank shares upon the terms and conditions set out in this Tender Offer must contact their own custodian bank or stockbroker, requesting that acceptance of the Tender Offer be communi cated to SEB Enskilda by facsimile no. +45 36 97 74 10.
Shareholders wishing to accept the Tender Offer may use the acceptance form attached to this Offer Document.
Shareholders of Forstædernes Bank should note that accep

11

tance must be notified to their own custodian bank or stock broker in due time to allow the custodian bank or stockbroker to process and communicate the acceptance to SEB Enskilda before 13 October 2008 at 8 pm (Danish time).

Other terms and conditions for the Tender Offer:

Acceptances of the Tender Offer are irrevocable and binding upon the shareholders until such time as Nykredit Realkredit may announce that the Tender Offer will not be completed. All acceptances will, however, be cancelled automatically if, dur ing the Offer Period, a competing tender offer for the For stædernes Bank shares is announced which includes a higher offer price and other terms and conditions not less favourable to the selling shareholders than the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer, unless Nykredit Realkredit no later than 10 calendar days after the submission of the competing offer amends the Tender Offer so that the Offer Price equals or ex ceeds the offer price of the competing offer.

If Nykredit Realkredit subsequently increases the Offer Price, shareholders who have accepted the Tender Offer at a lower price will automatically be entitled to such increased Offer Price, provided that the Tender Offer is completed.

Shareholders who have accepted the Tender Offer may vote at any shareholders' meeting of Forstædernes Bank held dur ing the Offer Period and preserve their rights to receive divi dends until the time when legal title to the relevant shares passes to the Offeror.

All shares of Forstædernes Bank sold to the Offeror pursuant to the Tender Offer must be free from any and all charges, liens and other encumbrances.

The Offeror reserves the right to extend the Offer Period on one or more occasions in accordance with applicable rules. Notification of such extension will be announced by the Of feror through OMX Copenhagen and through electronic media if and to the extent required under applicable laws, rules and regulations, prior to the expiry of the Offer Period. The an nouncement will state the revised offer period, which will then be referred to as the "Offer Period". Any extension of the Of fer Period shall not constitute a renewed tender offer. Share

12

holders having accepted the Tender Offer will remain bound by their acceptance if the Offer Period Is extended. The Offer Period will have a maximum duration of 10 weeks.

Open market purchases:

Throughout the Offer Period, the Offeror reserves the right to purchase shares of Forstædernes Bank in the open market in accordance with applicable law.

Announcement of the result: The Offeror will announce the result of the Tender Offer through OMX Copenhagen and through electronic media if and to the extent required under applicable laws, rules and regulations, no later than three stock exchange days after the expiration of the Offer Period. If no extension of the Offer Pe riod occurs, the Offeror expects to issue such announcement no later than 16 October 2008, The announcement will state either that all conditions to the Tender Offer have been satis fied or waived and that the Tender Offer will therefore be completed, or, alternatively, that certain conditions have not been satisfied or waived, and that the Tender Offer is there fore repealed.

Settlement:

Settlement of the Tender Offer shall be effected in cash through the shareholders' own custodian bank or stockbroker. Settlement shall be effected as soon as possible after the an nouncement of the completion of the Tender Offer. The Of feror expects that settlement will be effected on 23 October 2008.

The selling shareholders shall pay all brokerage fees and other costs arising from their sale of shares pursuant to the Tender Offer.

Special rules apply to settlement of Forstædernes Bank shares that are tied-up employee shares, cf. "Special settle ment terms for tied-up employee shares" below.

Settlement Agent:

SEB Enskilda Silkegade 8 DK-1113 Copenhagen K Denmark Tel.: +45 36 97 74 00 Facsimile: +45 36 97 74 10

13

Special terms for tied-up employee shares:

As to employee shares issued by Forstædernes Bank pursuant to Section 7A of the Danish Tax Assessment Act for which the tie up period expires at a later date than the last date of the Offer Period ("Employee Shares" held by "Employee Share holders"), the Employee Shareholders' acceptance of the Ten der Offer shall be subject to the condition that a compulsory acquisition of Forstædernes Bank's minority shareholders is effected as described in litra (b) item (5) below. The rules for Employee Shareholders to participate in the Tender Offer are set out below.

(a) Title, voting rights and other shareholder rights attrib utable to the Employee Shares will be transferred to the Offeror at the completion of the Tender Offer upon the Offeror's deposit of the purchase price for the Employee Shares as described below under "Special settlement terms for tied-up employee shares".

(b) The Employee Shares shall be registered with VP Secu rities Services on an account in the name of the Offeror and the account shall be registered as pledged to SEB Enskilda on behalf of those Employee Shareholders from whose deposits the relevant Employee Shares have been transferred. As pledgee, SEB Enskilda is ir revocably authorised and instructed by the Offeror and those Employee Shareholders from whose deposits the Employee Shares have been transferred to do the fol lowing:

(1) If a compulsory acquisition has not been effected on or prior to 2 January 2009, see item (5) be low, SEB Enskilda, on behalf of the Offeror, shall transfer title and voting rights and other share holder rights attributable to the Employee Shares registered in the account with VP Securities Ser vices to those Employee Shareholders from whom the Offeror acquires the shares upon re lease of the deposited amount to the Offeror and any interest thereon as described below under "Special settlement terms for tied-up employee

14

shares". In the event of such transfer from the Offeror by SEB Enskilda to the Employee Share holders, the Employee Shares shall succeed to the same terms of tie up as applied to the Em ployee Shares immediately prior to their transfer to the pledged account with VP Securities Ser vices.
(2) Any dividends paid out through VP Securities Services with respect to Employee Shares regis tered in the account with VP Securities Services shall be deposited in an account with SEB En skilda opened in the name of the Offeror, and such account shall be registered as pledged to SEB Enskilda on behalf of the Employee Share holders from whose deposits the Employee Shares have been transferred. The credit balance of this account and any interest thereon will be paid out to the Offeror against documentation confirming that a compulsory acquisition has been effected no later than 2 January 2009, see item (5) below. If SEB Enskilda has not received such documentation on or prior to 8 January 2009, the credit balance and any interest thereon will be paid to those Employee Shareholders from whose deposits the Employee Shares were trans ferred to the account in the same proportion as these Employee Shareholders have accepted the Tender Offer.
(3) Bonus shares and new shares that are subscribed on the basis of subscription rights attached to Employee Shares in the account with VP Securi ties Services, as well as any dividend therefrom, shall remain subject to the same terms as apply to the other shares in the account with VP Securi ties Services and any dividend therefrom.
(4) SEB Enskilda shall according to the irrevocable authorisation cause the pledge in favour of those Employee Shareholders from whose deposits the
15

Employee Shares have been transferred to the account be terminated and deregistered with VP Securities Services against documentation con firming that a compulsory acquisition has been effected no later than on or prior to 2 January 2009, see item (5) below, provided that such documentation is received by SEB Enskilda on or prior to 8 January 2009.

(5) The term "compulsory acquisition" shall mean a compulsory acquisition pursuant to Section 20b or 20e of the Danish Public Companies Act. A compulsory acquisition shall be deemed to have been effected immediately upon the Offeror sub mitting documentation to the effect that the mi nority shareholders of Forstædernes Bank have been invited, pursuant to the rules governing no tices to convene the annual general meeting, to transfer their shares to the Offeror within a pe riod of four weeks, cf. Section 20b, Subsection 1 or Section 20e, Subsection 1, of the Danish Pub lic Companies Act.

Special settlement terms for Upon settlement of the Tender Offer, (A) the Offeror's title to

tied-up employee shares:

any tendered Employee Shares will be registered with VP Se

curities Services in accordance with the provisions of "Special

terms for tied-up employee shares" above and (B) the pur

chase price for such tendered Employee Shares will be depos

ited in the name of each individual Employee Shareholder in

an account with the custodian bank holding such tied-up Em

ployee Shares. Such account shall be blocked and subject to

the following terms:

(i) The deposited amount and any interest on the depos ited amount shall be paid out to the Employee Share holder at the time of the compulsory acquisition if a compulsory acquisition has been effected no later than 2 January 2009.

(ii) The deposited amount and any interest thereon shall be paid out to the Offeror on 8 January 2009 if a compul

16

Financing: Tax considerations:
Documents:

sory acquisition has not been effected on or prior to 2 January 2009.
See litra (b) item (1) under "Special terms for tied-up em ployee shares".
By accepting the Tender Offer, the Employee Shareholder si multaneously confirms and instructs its custodian bank to set up such account on the terms described above if such account does not already exist.
The term "compulsory acquisition" shall have the meaning as described under litra (b) item (5) in "Special terms for tied-up employee shares".
The acquisition will be financed through available funds and by drawing on existing loan facilities of Nykredit Realkredit.
The tax consequences for shareholders in connection with the Tender Offer depend on the individual circumstances of each shareholder. Shareholders are encouraged to consult their own tax advisors as to the particular tax consequences of ac cepting the Tender Offer.
In accordance with common practice and for the Offeror's ac count, the Offeror will request Forstædernes Bank to send a copy of the Offer Document to each shareholder of For stædernes Bank registered by name.
Additional copies of the Offer Document, including the accep tance form, are available on request to:
SEB Enskilda Silkegade 8 DK-1113 Copenhagen K Denmark Tel.: +45 36 97 74 00 Facsimile: +45 36 97 74 10
Further, the Danish version of the Offer Document will be available at www.nykredit.dk and www.forbank.dk,
17

Applicable law and jurisdic tion:

The Tender Offer and any acceptance thereof shall be gov erned by Danish law.

Any dispute In connection with the Tender Offer shall be brought before the Eastern High Court of Denmark, or, should the Eastern High Court of Denmark lack jurisdiction, the City Court of Copenhagen.

Legal advisors to the Of feror:

Gorrissen Federspiel Kierkegaard H.C. Andersens Boulevard 12 DK-1553 Copenhagen V Denmark

Financial advisor to the Of feror:

SEB Enskilda Silkegade 8 DK-1113 Copenhagen K Denmark

Any question In connection with the Tender Offer may be directed to

Nels Petersen Nykredit Realkredit A/S Kalvebod Brygge 1-3 DK-1780 Copenhagen V Denmark Tel.: +45 44 55 14 70

Arne Due-Hansen or Steffen Søeborg SEB Enskilda Silkegade 8 DK-1113 Copenhagen K Denmark Tel.: +45 36 97 74 00

5

Description of Forstædernes Bank

History Forstædernes Bank was established In 1902, The original idea was to establish a bank - a suburban bank - with a branch network In the Copenhagen area supported by a strong head office.

Forstædernes Bank changed its strategy in 2003 and directed more focus on advisory aspects.

Forstædernes Bank opened its first branch in Jutland in 2007 - the Aarhus corporate banking/investment centre.

Business activities Forstædernes Bank is an independent Copenhagen-based bank operating in the metropolitan area and Aarhus. The bank has 20 corporate banking/investment centres.
18

Forstædernes Bank's competitors are the major banks in Denmark. The bank has a total business volume (lending, deposits, guarantees and custody accounts) of DKK 77bn at end2007 and a market share of approx 1.5% of total bank deposits and lending in Denmark. Furthermore, the bank was appointed custodian bank for the investment funds administered by Sparinvest in 2007.
Forstædernes Bank's strategic focus areas are corporate banking and asset management including investment, pension and housing. The bank focuses on offering high-quality advisory services, relevant competencies at all branches and network growth.
The corporate banking area constitutes two thirds of the bank's business volume. Corporate banking customers are primarily owners and managers of sound small and medium-sized businesses.
Within retail banking, Forstædernes Bank focuses on customers with income or assets that call for competent advice within the areas of investment, pension and housing.
Forstædernes Bank has cooperation agreements with Sparinvest, Totalkredit, Bankinvest, DLR Kredit, Letpension, Privatsikring and others.
Shareholders The shares of Forstædernes Bank have been admitted for trading and official listing on the OMX Nordic Exchange Copenhagen. The bank has approx. 20,000 shareholders. Nearly half the share capital is held by shareholders who each holds less than 4,000 shares. The bank's largest shareholder holds approx. 3% of the share capital. Among the shareholders, a majority are also customers of the bank. Forstædernes Bank has informed Nykredit Realkredit that the bank owns approx. 7% treasury shares.
At the time of submission of the Tender Offer, Nykredit Realkredit holds 166,500 shares of Forstædernes Bank at nominal value DKK 25, which equals 0.89% of the share capital of Forstædernes Bank.
Subsidiaries FB Ejendomme A/S is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Forstædernes Bank. The activities of the subsidiary have no significant influence on the bank and involve no business activities,
19

Financial highlights

Forstædernes Bank

DKKn-

HI 2008 2007

Earning s Net interest from banking activities

398

737

Other core income

212

399

Core income Operating costs, depredation and amortisation Impairment losses on loans and advances
Core earnings
Investment portfolio Income

610
323
95 192 (148)

1,136
644
50 442 (83)

Profit from the sale of Totalkredit Profit before tax

-

-

44

359

Tax

13

84

Profit for the vear

31

275

Balance sheet

Loans and advances

24,013 25,386

Deposits

16,621 16,902

Equity

2,161 2,208

Total assets

36,169 33,832

Financial ratios Profit after tax as % of equity at the beginning of the period

2.8

16.0

Capital adequacy ratio, %

11.4

11.2

Share price, end of period

108

170

Source: Annual Report 2007 and HI Interim Report 2008

2006
584 347 931
561
41 329
66 96 491 86 405
20,288 14,294
1,719 30,209
28.7 12.1 209

2005
454 399 853
504
24 325
55 -
380 106 274
16,875 11,928
1,412 23,793
27.2 11.2 166

2004
387 255 642
419
32 191
60 -
251 74
177
11,751 9,277 1,006
17,263
20.8 11,6 112

2003
359 181 540
364
99 77 71
148
47 101
8,143 6,975
850 11,689
13.1 12.2
73

Forecast of profit for the year 2008 The forecast core earnings for the year 2008 amount to DKK 250m-300m which equals a return on equity of approx 12%.

Management Forstædernes Bank's day-to-day management is undertaken by the Executive Board consisting of Kjeld Mosebo Christensen, Chief Executive Officer, Niels Fessel, Managing Director, and Gunnar Kobberup, Managing Director.

The Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank consists of Jesper Andreasen (Chairman), Lars Frederiksen (Deputy Chairman), Jan Frederiksen, Anker Meyer Jensen, Steen Moesgaard and the staff board members Olav Brusen Barsøe, Mette Viskum Kretzschmer and Henrik Plannthin,

Staff Forstædernes Bank had 574 full-time staff as at 30 June 2008.

20

Address Forstædernes Bank's registered office is situated in the Municipality of Copenhagen. The address is Kalvebod Brygge 47, DK-1560 Copenhagen V, Denmark.

6

Description of Nykredit Realkredit

History Nykredit Realkredit was established in 1985 by a merger between Forenede Kreditforeninger and Jyllands Kreditforening, but Nykredit Realkredit has roots back to 1851 when a large number of credit associations were founded in Denmark of which 16 merged in 1972 into Forenede Kreditforeninger and Jyllands Kreditforening, respectively.

I 1989 the Danish mortgage lending sector was deregulated, allowing all Danish banks to open credit institutions and existing institutions to convert into public limited companies, which Nykredit Realkredit did in 1991.

In 2003 Nykredit Realkredit acquired Totalkredit from a number of local and regional banks and became the largest mortgage lender in Denmark.

Business activities The Nykredit Group is one of Denmark's leading financial services groups with activities ranging from mortgage lending and banking to insurance, pension and estate agency busi ness.

The Nykredit Group is the second largest lender in Denmark with a 25.7% market share of total commercial and mortgage bank lending at 31 December 2007. The Group is the largest mortgage lender with a 40.6% share of total bond debt outstanding at 31 December 2007. Within commercial banking and non-life insurance, the Nykredit Group has market shares of 3% and 4%, respectively.

The Nykredit Group is organised into four business areas: Retail Customers, Business Part ners, Commercial Customers and Markets & Asset Management. The activities of the busi ness areas are coordinated across group entities.

Retail Customers comprises activities aimed at retail customers, including part-time farming businesses. Products are distributed through 49 retail centres and one sales centre.

Business Partners is primarily responsible for the sale of mortgage loans to retail customers of Totalkredit arranged by Danish local and regional banks and by other business partners. Products are distributed through more than 1,100 branches.

21

Commercial Customers serves businesses, specialised and production farmers and rental housing customers, including housing society and non-profit housing customers. Products are distributed through 26 commercial centres.

Markets & Asset Management handles the activities of the Nykredit Group within trading in securities and financial instruments, debt capital, asset management and pension products.

Furthermore, the Nykredit Group is a franchiser of two estate agency chains, Nybolig and Es tate, with a total of more than 336 estate agencies.

Shareholders Nykredit Realkredit is wholly owned by Nykredit Holding A/S, the sole object of which is to own Nykredit Realkredit. Foreningen Nykredit (the Nykredit Association) is the principal shareholder of Nykredit Holding A/S with a stake of 88.18%. Industriens Realkreditfond holds 5.42% of the shares, while Foreningen Østifterne and PRAS A/S hold 3,25% and 3.15%, respectively.

Subsidiaries The business activities of the Nykredit Group are placed in Nykredit Realkredit, which carries on mortgage lending and other financial business through its subsidiaries Totalkredit A/S, Nykredit Bank A/S, Nykredit Forsikring A/S, Nykredit Mægler A/S and Nykredit Ejendomme A/S.

All Nykredit Realkredits above-mentioned subsidiaries are wholly owned.

Financial highlights
The Nykredit Realkredit Group
D S K rr
Core earnings and profit for the year
Core income from
Business operations
Securities Total Operating costs, depreciation and amortisation Core earnings before impairment losses Impairment losses on loans and ad vances Profit (loss) from insurance business before tax Core earnings after impairment losses
Investment portfolio income
Profit before tax
Tax
Profit for the year

HI 2008
3,124 998
4,122 2,422 1,700
31
.
1,669 (1,227)
442 55
387

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

6,583 1,988 8,571
4,401
4,170
(67)
_

5,992 1,260 7,252
4,038
3,214
(369)
_

5,826 825
6,651
3,758 2,893
(245)
_

4,237 158
4,395 1,032 3,363

3,583 870
4,453 1,126 3,327

3,138 1,203 4,341 1,161 3,180

4,822 814
5,636
3,518
2,118
(400)
_
2,518 1,732 4,250 1,057 3,193

4,118 798
4,916
2,694
2,222
184
101
2,139 2,282 4,421 1,146 3,275

22

DKKm

·' - -

HI 2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

Balance sheet

Mortgage lending Bank lending - excl reverse transactions

843,957 49,092

823,228 39,660

Deposits

32,471

31,581

Equity

53,382

54,447

Total assets

1,083,583 1,075,058

Financial ratios Profit for the year as % of average equity

1.4

6.3

Capital adequacy ratio, %

17.2

10.3

Core capital ratio, %

16.4

9,7

Source: Annual Report 2007 and HI Interim Report 2008

758,132
28,983 22,165 51,987 957,164
6.6 11.8 11.0

699,116
19,870 21,808 48,692 890,014
6.8 12.4 11.3

632,504
17,408 18,702 44,235 798,083
7.7 11.5 11.0

586,664
22,276 14,139 39,061 829,043
8.9 10.5 10.1

Forecast profit for the year 2008 The forecast core earnings for 2008 amount to DKK 3,500m-3,800m.

Management Nykredits day-to-day management is undertaken by the Group Executive Board, which con sists of Peter Engberg Jensen, Group Chief Executive, and Søren Holm, Karsten Knudsen, Per Ladegaard, Bente Overgaard and Niels Tørslev, all Group Managing Directors.

The Board of Directors of Nykredit Realkredit A/S consists of Steen E. Christensen (Chair man), Hans Bang-Hansen (Deputy Chairman), K.E. Borup (Deputy Chairman), Kristian Bengaard, Michael Demsitz, John Finderup, Anette R. Fischer, Steffen Kragh, Allan Kristensen, Lisbeth Grimm, Nina Smith, Jens Thomsen, Jens Erik Lidsen and Leif Vinther.

Staff At 30 June 2008, the Nykredit Realkredit Group had 3,837 full-time staff.

Address Nykredit Realkredit's registered office is located in the Municipality of Copenhagen. The ad dress is Kalvebod Brygge 1-3, DK-1780 Copenhagen V, Denmark.

For further information, please visit Nykredit at: www.nykredit.com.

23

ACCEPTANCE FORM

Acceptance of the sale of shares of Forstædernes Bank A/S This Acceptance Form must be completed and signed and should be submitted to your custodian bank or stockbroker. If your shares are held in custody in Forstædernes Bank, the form shall be submitted to one of the branches of For stædernes Bank. The Acceptance Form should be submitted in due time to allow your custodian bank or stockbroker to process and communicate the acceptance to SEB Enskilda before 13 October 2008 at 8 pm (Danish time).

The undersigned hereby accepts the Tender Offer submitted by Nykredit Realkredit A/S on 15 September 2008, and places an order for sale of

Forstædernes Bank A/S shares of DKK 25 nominal value (ISIN: DK0060076354)

The shares shall be transferred from my/our custody account

Name and address of custodian bank:

Custody account no.:

(4 digits)

The sales order is irrevocable and the undersigned confirms that the shares sold are free from any and all charges, liens and other encumbrances, For tied-up employee shares, special terms apply as set out In the Offer Document.

The proceeds from the shares sold should be transferred to

Name of bank:

Account no.

(4 digits)

Information about the selling shareholder Name:

Address, city and postcode:

Telephone no.: Date:

Civil reg. no, or central business reg. no.: Signature:

To be filled in by your custodian bank or stockbroker The undersigned custodian bank/stockbroker agrees to transfer the above shares in Forstædernes Bank A/S

Central business reg. no.:

CD identification:

Company stamp and signature:

Information to custodian banks and stockbrokers Upon approval of the acceptance form, the custodian bank must communicate the acceptance to SEB Enskilda. The ac ceptance must be received by SEB Enskilda no later than 13 October 2008, at 8 pm (Danish time).
SEB Enskilda, Silkegade 8, DK-1113 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Tel.: +45 36 97 74 00, Fax: +45 36 97 74 10

This Offer Advertisement and the Tender Offer which the Offer Advertisement relates to are not made to shareholders whose participation In the Tender Offer would require the preparation o f an offer docu ment, registration or other activities other than what is required under Danish law. This Tender Offer is not made, directly or indirectly, within any jurisdiction in which the submission o f the Tender Offer or ac ceptance thereof would contravene the law o f such jurisdiction. Any person acquiring possession o f this Offer Advertisement or the Offer Document which the Offer Advertisement relates to is expected to ob tain on his or her own accord any necessary Information on any restrictions and to comply with such re strictions.
Recommended tender offer
to the shareholders of
Forstædernes Bank A/S
Offer Advertisement (pursuant to Executive Order No. 1228 of 22 October 2007 on Takeover Bids)
Nykredit Realkredit A/S, CVR No. 12 71 92 80, Kalvebod Brygge 1-3, DK-1780 Copenhagen V, Denmark ("Nykredit Realkredit" or "Offeror"), hereby submits a voluntary conditional pub lic tender offer (the "Tender Offer") to the shareholders of Forstædernes Bank A/S, CVR No. 52 96 98 16, Kalvebod Brygge 47, DK-1560 Copenhagen V ("Forstædernes Bank") pursuant to Nykredit Realkredits offer document dated 15 September 2008 (the "Offer Document"). The Tender Offer has prior to the announcement been discussed with the board of directors of Forstædernes Bank that unanimously has agreed to recommend the shareholders of For stædernes Bank to accept the Tender Offer. Definitions and terms defined in the Offer Adver tisement have the same meaning as defined in the Offer Document,
Nykredit Realkredit is submitting the Tender Offer in order to acquire 100% of the out standing shares in Forstædernes Bank. Since the settlement of the Tender Offer will not re sult in an obligation on the Offeror to submit a subsequent mandatory public offer, the Of feror does not expect to submit such mandatory public offer. If upon settlement of the Ten der Offer, the Offeror has acquired more than 90% of the share capital and the voting rights in Forstædernes Bank, the Offeror intends to initiate a compulsory acquisition of all the shares in Forstædernes Bank not held by the Offeror at that time in order to delist the shares in Forstædernes Bank from OMX Nordic Exchange Copenhagen A/S ("OMX Copenhagen").

Extract of the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer:

Offer Price:

The shareholders of Forstædernes Bank are offered in cash

DKK 105 for each Forstædernes Bank share with a nominal

value of DKK 25 (ISIN securities code DK0060076354).

If Forstædernes Bank pays dividends or makes other distribu tions to its shareholders prior to settlement of the Tender Of fer, the Offer Price to be paid pursuant to the Tender Offer will be reduced accordingly (krone for krone).

The selling shareholders shall pay all brokerage fees and other costs arising from their sale of shares of Forstædernes Bank, and such fees or costs shall be of no concern to the Of feror.

Offer Period:

The Tender Offer is valid as of 15 September 2008 and ex pires on 13 October 2008 at 8 pm (Danish time). Acceptance of the Tender Offer must be received by SEB Enskiida through the selling shareholders' own custodian bank or stockbroker prior to the expiration of the Offer Period.

Acceptance procedure:

Shareholders who wish to tender their Forstædernes Bank shares upon the terms and conditions set out in the Tender Offer must contact their own custodian bank or stockbroker, requesting that acceptance of the Tender Offer be communi cated to SEB Enskiida by facsimile no. +45 36 97 74 10.

Shareholders wishing to accept the Tender Offer may use the acceptance form attached to this Offer Document.

Shareholders of Forstædernes Bank should note that accep tance must be notified to their own custodian bank or stock broker in due time to allow the custodian bank or stockbroker to process and communicate the acceptance to SEB Enskiida before 13 October 2008 at 8 pm (Danish time).

Settlement:

Settlement of the Tender Offer shall be effected in cash through the shareholders' own custodian bank or stockbroker. Settlement shall be effected as soon as possible after the an nouncement of the completion of the Tender Offer. The Of feror expects that settlement will be effected on 23 October

2

Settlement Agent: Conditions:

2008.
The selling shareholders shall pay all brokerage fees and other costs arising from their sale of shares pursuant to the Tender Offer.
Special rules apply to settlement of Forstædernes Bank shares that are tied-up employee shares. Reference is made to the Offer Document for a closer description thereof.
SEB Enskilda Silkegade 8 DK-1113 Copenhagen K Denmark Tel.: +45 36 97 74 00 Facsimile: +45 36 97 74 10
The Tender Offer is subject to the following conditions:
(a) That the Offeror owns, or has received valid accep tances of the Tender Offer in respect of, an aggregate of more than 90 per cent of the Forstædernes Bank share capital and voting rights (Forstædernes Bank's portion of treasury shares shall not be included in the share capital, except for the number of treasury shares necessary to satisfy options to acquire shares in For stædernes Bank which may be due for exercise after the expiry of the Offer Period)
(b) That (i) prior to completion of the Tender Offer, there is no change in or binding undertaking to amend or change the share capital of Forstædernes Bank or its articles of association (except for such changes or un dertakings as follows from this Offer Document) and that there have been no announcements of proposals of the Board of Directors in relation hereto; (ii) prior to completion of the Tender Offer, Forstædernes Bank does not sell or in any other way dispose of any of its holding of treasury shares, apart from a disposal in connection with any redemption or exercise of already issued stock options; and (iii) prior to completion of the
3

Tender Offer, Forstædernes Bank does not issue any securities directly or indirectly convertible or exchange able into shares of Forstædernes Bank.
(c) That an Extraordinary General Meeting of Forstædernes Bank, which shall be held before the expiry of the Offer Period, duly adopts a proposal by the Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank to:
(i) repeal Article 10(5) of the articles of association on restrictions on voting rights; and
(ii) amend Articles 12(1), 14(3) and 15(1) of the ar ticles of association so that, in the future, the members of the Board of Directors are to be elected by the General Meeting,
on the condition that either the Tender Offer or a possi ble subrogate tender offer recommended by the Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank is completed.
(d) That the Offeror has obtained any and all necessary approvals from public authorities to acquire the total share capital of Forstædernes Bank, on terms that the Offeror reasonably deems satisfactory, and that no competition authority or other public authority has as serted or threatened any objection which may affect the completion of the Tender Offer. The Danish Finan cial Supervisory Authority has approved the Offeror's contemplated acquisition of shares in Forstædernes Bank under the Tender Offer pursuant to Section 51 of the Danish Financial Business Act.
(e) That, prior to the completion of the Tender Offer, no circumstance have occurred in Forstædernes Bank, which have a material adverse effect on the financial position of Forstædernes Bank. Any circumstances known by the Offeror at the time of submission of the Tender Offer and market-related circumstances shall not be taken into consideration.
4

(f) That the completion of the Tender Offer is not threat ened or impeded by any legislative initiative, legal ac tion, decisions by public authorities or other similar cir cumstances outside the control of the Offeror,

Other terms and conditions for the Tender Offer:

Acceptances of the Tender Offer are irrevocable and binding upon the shareholders until such time as Nykredit Realkredit may announce that the Tender Offer will not be completed. All acceptances will, however, be cancelled automatically if, dur ing the Offer Period, a competing tender offer for the For stædernes Bank shares is announced which includes a higher offer price and other terms and conditions not less favourable to the selling shareholders than the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer, unless Nykredit Realkredit no later than 10 calendar days after the submission of the competing offer amends the Tender Offer so that the Offer Price equals or ex ceeds the offer price of the competing offer.

If Nykredit Realkredit subsequently increases the Offer Price, shareholders who have accepted the Tender Offer at a lower price will automatically be entitled to such increased Offer Price, provided that the Tender Offer is completed,

Shareholders who have accepted the Tender Offer may vote at any shareholders' meeting of Forstædernes Bank held dur ing the Offer Period and preserve their rights to receive divi dends until the time when legal title to the relevant shares passes to the Offeror.

All shares of Forstædernes Bank sold to the Offeror pursuant to the Tender Offer must be free from any and all charges, liens and other encumbrances.

The Offeror reserves the right to extend the Offer Period on one or more occasions in accordance with applicable rules. Notification of such extension will be announced by the Of feror through OMX Copenhagen and through electronic media if and to the extent required under applicable laws, rules and regulations, prior to the expiry of the Offer Period. The an nouncement will state the revised offer period, which will then be referred to as the "Offer Period", Any extension of the Of-

5

fer Period shall not constitute a renewed tender offer. Share holders having accepted the Tender Offer will remain bound by their acceptance if the Offer Period is extended. The Offer Period will have a maximum duration of 10 weeks. The above is a summary of the Offer Document that contains the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer and reference is made thereto. Nykredit Realkredit will ask Forstædernes Bank to provide that all registered shareholders will receive by mail a copy of the Offer Document including the acceptance form. Additional copies of the Offer Document including the acceptance form are available on re quest from SEB Enskilda, Silkegade 8, DK-1113 Copenhagen K, Denmark, tel.: +45 36 97 74 00. The Danish version of the Offer Document will also be available at www.nykredit.dk and www.forbank.dk. Copenhagen, 15 September 2008
Nykredit Realkredit A/S
6

This announcement is not directed to shareholders whose participation in the tender offer would require the issue o f an offer document and registrations or other activities apart from the requirements pursuant to Danish legislation. The tender offer and this announcement are not directed to anyjurisdiction in which the presentation of the tender offer or the acceptance thereof would be contrary to applicable legislation in the saWjurisdiction. Any persons who come Into possession of this announcement and the offer document are expected to obtain ail the necessary information about limitations, if any, themselves, and ensure compliance with such limitations.

Company announcement 18 - 2008

15 September 2008

Announcement by the Board of Directors concerning takeover bid for Forstædernes Bank A IS made by Nykredit Realkredit A/S
Today, Nykredit Realkredit A/S has made a public takeover bid to the shareholders of Forstædernes Bank A/S.
Pursuant to the offer, Nykredit Realkredit AIS offers, on certain conditions, to purchase all shares in the bank at a cash price of DKK 105 per share of a nominal value of DKK 25.
Pursuant to Section 14 of the Executive Order on Takeover Bids, the bank's Board of Directors has considered the tender offer. The statement of the Board of Directors is attached to this announcement and forms an integrated part thereof.
Based on the advantages and disadvantages of the tender offer as identified by the Board of Directors and the other circumstances and terms stated in the attached statement, the Board of Directors has unanimously resolved to recommend that the shareholders accept the tender offer.
The tender offer is, inter alia, conditioned upon the implementation of certain amendments of the company's articles of association, one of them being that the existing voting restriction of 1/1000 of the total share capital is abolished. At its earliest convenience the Board of Directors will convene an extraordinary general meeting in order to implement the amendments to the articles of association necessary for the execution of the tender offer.
Jesper Andreasen Chairman of the Board of Directors

Contact Persons: Jesper Andreasen, Chairman of the Board of Directors: Tel. +45 40 58 63 34 Steffen Torvits, Investor Relations and Press Manager: Tel. +45 22 22 20 36
This announcement has been issued both in Danish and English. In case of inconsistency the Danish-language version shall prevail.

Forstædernes Bank A/S, investor Relations & Presse

Kalvebod Brygge 47 1560 København V

Tlf. 33 52 52 52 cax 33 52 52 53

investor@forbank.dk www'oroank ak

CVR-nr. 52 96 98 16 Swift FBBKDKKK

forstædernes bank rå bed 11* »00

This document is a translation o f the Danish statement o f the Board o f Directors of Forstædernes Bank A/S concerning the tender of fer made by Nykredit Realkredit A/S. in case o f inconsistency the Danish version shall prevail.
This statement is not directed to shareholders whose participation in the tender offer would require the issue of an offer document and registrations or other activities apart from the requirements pursuant to Danish legislation. The tender offer is not directed to any jurisdiction in which the presentation o f the tender offer or the acceptance thereof would be contrary to applicable legislation in the said jurisdiction. Any persons who come into possession of this statement and the offer document are expected to obtain all the nec essary information about lim itations, if any, themselves, and ensure compliance with such limitations.
STATEMENT BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF FORSTÆDERNES BANK A/S CONCERNING TENDER OFFER MADE BY NYKREDIT REALKREDIT A/S.

1,

INTRODUCTION

Today, Nykredit Realkredit A/S (Central Business Register (CVR) no. 12 71 92 80) ("the Offeror" or "Nykredit Realkredit") has made a public tender offer ("the Offer") to the shareholders of For stædernes Bank A/S (Central Business Register (CVR) no, 52 96 98 16) ("the Bank" or "the Com pany").

Pursuant to Section 14 of the Executive Order on Takeover Bids (Executive Order no. 1228 of 22 October 2007, "the Executive Order"), the Company's board of directors ("the Board of Directors") has considered the Offer, including its impact on the Company's interests and other matters re ferred to in Section 14.

Based on the advantages and disadvantages of the Offer as identified by the Board of Directors and the other circumstances and terms stated herein, the Board of Directors has unanimously resolved to recommend that the shareholders accept the Offer.

2.

THE OFFER

Pursuant to the Offer, the Offeror offers, on certain conditions, to purchase all the shares of the
Bank (the "Shares"), except the Bank's holding of treasury shares, at a cash price of DKK 105 per Share of a nominal value of DKK 25 (the "Offer Price").
If the Company declares and pays dividend or makes other distributions to the shareholders prior to the settlement of the Offer, the Offer Price per Share will be reduced by a corresponding amount (DKK for DKK).
The terms and conditions of the Offer are set forth in the offer document ("the Offer Document") which has been prepared by the Offeror in accordance with Section 3, cf. Section 5 of the Executive Order, and which was published on 15 September 2008.

3.

BACKGROUND

3.1

Introduction

The Bank ranks among the ten largest banks in Denmark and is based in Copenhagen, Its market covering the metropolitan area and Aarhus. The Bank has approximately 575 employees and ap proximately 20,000 shareholders of whom the majority are also customers of the Bank. No share holder owns more than 3% of the share capital. The Bank owns approximately 7% treasury shares. The Company's articles of association contain a voting restriction, according to which no share holder may vote for more than 1/1000 of the total share capital.

The Bank focuses on selected segments, namely business engagements and asset management (investments, pensions and private homes).

For a number of years, the Bank has seen growth and satisfactory results.

3.2

Latest period and expectations

As stated in Company Announcement no. 16 dated 15 September 2008, the Bank has calculated its solvency ratio as at 31 August 2008 at 11.8%, and the excess cover in relation to the 10% require ment set out in Section 152 of the Danish Financial Business Act at 105%, equivalent to a liquidity reserve of approximately DKK 4bn. Since 30 June 2008, the Bank's core earnings have developed as expected. However, as a consequence of the circumstances described below, the Bank expects core earnings for all 2008 to amount to DKK 250-300m, equivalent to a return on equity as per the beginning of the financial year of approximately 12%. In connection with the publication of the Bank's half-year report for 2008, the Bank expected core earnings for all 2008 to be at the level of approximately DKK 300-350m.
Furthermore, according to the management's estimates the Company can only expect a break-even result for 2009 and 2010 in aggregate.
The background for the Management's adjusted expectations of 2008 and the expected break-even result for 2009 and 2010, and for the Board of Directors' recommendation to the shareholders, is as follows:
The global crisis on the financial markets The global financial markets are facing a historic crisis. This has brought increased focus on the risk of making capital available for financial institutions, and It has reduced the amount of liquidity available for lending to clients.
The Bank is affected by the situation on the international lending market in general and the interna tional lenders' view of the Danish financial sector in particular, To a large extent, the loan financing

2

("funding") obtained by the Bank is established through Danish and foreign financial institutions which now seek to reduce their exposure to the Danish market.
The collapse of Roskilde Bank in mid July 2008 and the subsequent unsuccessful efforts to dispose of this bank to a third party have brought focus on the Bank. At present, the access to funding from the international lending markets is characterised by greatly increased prices to the extent that funding is available at all. Correspondingly, it is estimated that under the current market conditions it is in practice not possible to raise hybrid capital and subordinate loan capital.
In Its activities, the Bank has taken into account a possible economic slowdown and has planned a number of emergency measures in order to counter potential write downs of assets and securities held by the Bank. However, the Bank did not anticipate the current almost complete and unprece dented standstill in the international funding markets.
Liquidity position The lack of International financing affects the Bank's short and long term funding which expires and must be refinanced.
According to plan, the Bank must refinance approximately DKK 5-6bn on the international lending markets in the period until the end of 2010 and in 2011 to 2013 an additional amount of DKK 5-6bn, Viewed separately, the Bank has sufficient liquidity to finance the funding which expires until the end of 2009, but the shortage of financing options may well affect the funding that has to be refi nanced subsequently. Under the present market conditions, it is uncertain whether the Bank in the long term will be able to obtain the necessary refinancing with its present structure and ownership. Even if it were possible to obtain such funding, it should be expected that, under the prevailing mar ket conditions, refinancing will be available on considerably poorer terms, to the detriment of the Bank's earnings potential and competitiveness.
Since 11 July 2008 when Roskilde Bank first made a public announcement regarding Roskilde Bank's problems, the Bank has experienced a net reduction of deposits of approximately 8 percent of total deposits as of 30 June 2008, equivalent to DKK 1,3bn. This development in the deposits does not in itself give rise to any problems for the Bank, and the Bank still has a reasonable excess liquidity of approximately DKK 4bn as per 31 August 2008. With the development on the interna tional lending markets as outlined above, a material reduction o f the total deposits may, however, contribute to a more difficult position in the future, since a lack of funding and reduced deposits will mainly have to be financed through the Bank's liquidity reserve and a coinciding reduction of the loan portfolio.
Potential write downs The Bank's earnings and the risk of write downs depend to a considerable extent on the develop ment on the property and securities markets.
3

Decreasing prices for both business and housing property have put considerable strain on the prop erty markets, and thus the pledges on which the Bank's loan portfolio is based have been diluted. When this development is taken together with the weaker economic development in Denmark, there Is also a risk that certain lenders' earnings and liquidity will be put under pressure.
The development on the securities markets has also been negative in 2008 as a whole and in par ticular during recent months. To the extent that the Bank's credit commitments have been secured by a pledge on securities, the decreasing prices entail reduced security and thus, other things being equal, an increased risk of losses.
On the basis of the foregoing, the Board of Directors and the Executive Board have made a re newed assessment of the Bank's risk of write downs. The need for write downs in 2008 has been taken into account in the adjusted expectations of the Bank's core earnings for all 2008. It is the as sessment of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board that the risk of write downs will in crease considerably during each of the next two years, should the present macroeconomic condi tions continue or deteriorate. This will negatively affect the earnings and intensify the requirements to the solvency of the Bank.
Earnings potential It is the opinion of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board that the expected development of the Bank's funding position will lead to a reduced activity level in the Bank, either through reduced lending or through non-competitive interest rate margins and consequently reduced earnings poten tial. When this is related to expected lower earnings from asset management due to the global de velopment of asset values and the above-mentioned potential write downs, it Is the management's assessment that the aggregate result for 2009 and 2010 will be a break-even result.

3,3

The Board of Director's assessment of the Bank's strategic situation

The Board of Directors has considered the Bank's strategic possibilities on an ongoing basis, The collapse of Roskilde Bank and the global crisis on the financial markets have accelerated these considerations, The Board of Directors has considered various opportunities for the Bank.

It is the assessment of the Board of Directors that the value that can be obtained through a sale to a strong financial partner exceeds the shareholder values that the Bank's management would have been able to generate by continued operation or through other strategic alternatives. This assess ment is based on the prospect of lower earnings and reduced balance sheets In the years to come and consequently with a reduced basis for future earnings.

As a result of this assessment, the Board of Directors approached the Offeror in August 2008 in or der to clarify whether the Offeror wished to make an offer for the acquisition of the Bank. The Board of Directors assumed that the Offeror might have an interest in the Bank and that the Offeror pos sessed the necessary financial and other resources to take on the challenges which the Bank is fac-

4

ing. After negotiations between the Offeror and the Board of Directors, these efforts have translated into the Offer which has now been published and which the Board of Directors recommends.
The Board of Directors has carefully examined the advantages and disadvantages of only ap proaching the Offeror as opposed to approaching several potentially interested parties. Based on an overall assessment, it is the opinion of the Board of Directors that the most secure step is to ensure an offer from the Offeror instead of running the risk of trying to obtain other offers. Inter alia, the Board of Directors has attached importance to the following:
· the ideal business match between the Offeror and the Bank,
· the fact that approaching and negotiating with several potential bidders would imply an in creased risk of leaks and of a delayed solution to the Bank's situation which might create in security with regard to the Bank, without any guarantee that a situation involving a competi tion between alternative bidders would be obtainable,

· the fact that no other party has approached the Board of Directors and shown interest de spite the considerable drop in the Bank's share prices this year,

· the fact that other banks might also consider the possibility of a sale, which might potentially complicate the sales process of the Bank,

· the fact that the development on the financial markets suggests the need for a fast solution,

· the fact that the Offeror presumed that the Board of Directors would not simultaneously nego tiate with other parties,

· the seriousness and determination displayed by the Offerer with regard to the inquiry of the Board of Directors, and

· the contents of the Offer, including the Offer Price.

The Board of Directors' recommendation of the Offer does not prevent any other seriously inter ested parties from making a tender offer.

4.

THE OFFEROR

Reference is made to the Offer Document for a more detailed description of the Offeror and the Nykredit group which is one of the leading financial groups in Denmark within mortgage finance, banking, insurance, pension and real estate agency activities.

5

The Nykredit group Is the second largest lender in Denmark, having a market share of 25.7% on the aggregate Danish market for bank and mortgage loans as at 31 December 2007. The group is the largest mortgage credit institution with a market share o f 40.6% of the total bond debt outstanding as at 31 December 2007. On the commercial banking and non-life insurance market, the market shares of the Nykredit group are 3% and 4%, respectively.

Financial highlights

The Nykredit Realkredit group

DKK m

1 H1 2008

Core earnings and

profit for the period

2007

2006

Core earnings of

Business operations

3,124

6,583

5,992

Securities

998

1,988

1,260

Total Operating costs, and de preciation and amortisa tion Core earnings before im
pairment losses Impairment losses on loans and advances Results from insurance business before tax Core earnings after im
pairment losses Investment portfolio earn ings

4,122
2,422 1,700
31
.
1,669 -1,227

8,571

7,252

4,401 4,170
-67

4,038 3,214 -369

4,237 158

3,583 870

Profit before tax

442

4,395

4,453

Tax

55

1,032

1,126

Profit for the period

387

3,363

3,327

Balance sheet

Mortgage lending Bank loans, excluding re verse transactions

843,957 49,092

823,228 758,132 39,660 28,983

Deposits

32,471

31,581 22,165

Equity

53,382

54,447 51,987

Total assets

1,083,583 1,075,058 957,164

Financial ratios Profit in % of average
equity

1.4

6.3

6.6

Capital adequacy ratio

17.2

10.3

11.8

Core capital ratio

16.4

9,7

Source: Annual report 2007 and H1 interim report 2008

11.0

2005

2004

2003

5,826 825
6,651

4,822 814
5,636

4,118 798
4,916

3,758 2,893
-245
3,138 1,203 4,341 1,161 3,180

3,518 2,118 -400
2,518 1,732 4,250 1,057 3,193

2,694 2,222
184
101
2,139 2,282 4,421 1,146 3,275

699,116
19,870 21,808 48,692 890,014

632,504 586,664

17,408 18,702 44,235 798,083

22,276 14,139 39,061 829,043

6.8 12.4 11.3

7.7 11.5 11.0

8.9 10,5 10.1

Expectations o f result for 2008 Expectations of core earnings of the Nykredit group for 2008 are DKK 3.5-3.8bn.

5.

ASSESSMENT OF THE OFFER, INCLUDING ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES

The Board of Directors has considered a number of factors in respect to the Offer, including the fol lowing advantages and disadvantages to the shareholders. See also section 3 above.

6

5.1

Advantages

In the Board of Directors' opinion, the Offer represents the following advantages to the sharehold ers:

· The Offer Price represents a premium on the Shares as follows:

Period

Price of the For stædernes Bank share (DKK)

Premium as com pared to historic share price (%)

Closing price at the OMX Nordic Stock Exchange Copenhagen on 12 September 20081 Average price 1 month prior to publication of the Of fer2 Average price 3 months prior to publication of the Offer2 Average price 6 months prior to publication of the Offer2

58.5 76.2 82.4 66.0

79.5% 37.8% 27.4% 9.4%

All share prices are stated in DKK per Share of a nominal value of DKK 25.

1) Last business day prior to the publication of the Offer

2)

Average prices have been calculated on the basis of revenue-weighted trade over the indicated period for All

Trades average price.

· The Offer Price gives the shareholders better value creation than if the Bank continued its op erations with the present structure. It is not considered likely that other strategic opportunities are viable, and it is estimated that such strategic opportunities cannot offer the shareholders an equivalent value creation.

· The Offer is subject only to a limited number of conditions as described in the Offer Document. The Offer is not subject to any subsequent due diligence.

· The Offer does not require external financing, and the fact that the shareholders receive a cash consideration eliminates any uncertainty about the valuation of the consideration.

· The Offer safeguards the interests of the Bank, the employees, the customers and other parties in the best possible way, since the ownership of the Bank is anchored with a financially strong owner.

5.2

Disadvantages

In the Board of Directors' opinion, the Offer represents the following disadvantages to the share holders:

7

· After the execution of the Offer, the shareholders will not have an opportunity to participate in any possible future increase in the value of the Bank.

· As a general rule, the shareholders will be taxed on the gain realised if they choose to sell their Shares, which may result in advanced taxation. The tax consequences of accepting the Offer will depend on the individual circumstances of each shareholder, and the Board of Directors recommends that shareholders evaluate their own individual tax position and, if necessary, consult with their own professional advisers.

5.3

Fairness opinion

In the context of its consideration of the Offer, the Board of Directors has obtained a statement ("fairness opinion") dated 15 September 2008 from its financial adviser, FIH PARTNERS A/S, and according to this statement FIH PARTNERS considers, under certain specified conditions, the Offer Price to be fair from a financial point of view.

5.4

Other considerations

5,4.1

The Offeror's intentions as regards the Bank and its staff

The Board of Directors has noted and attaches importance to the intentions of the Offeror regarding the continuation of the Bank as described in the Offer. The Offeror has provided the following in formation:
· For the time being, it is the intention of the Offeror to continue the operation of the Bank as an independent brand and company in the Nykredit group under the current management. At present, the Offeror does not expect to reduce the Bank's staff other than through nor mal attrition.
· For the time being, the business concept of the Bank will continue, and the Bank's branch network will be maintained. The future strategy for the Bank will be assessed in connection with the ongoing strategy process in the Nykredit group.
· The Offeror will continue the ongoing process of reducing the Bank's exposure to the property market and the overall adjustment of the Bank's credit exposure to match the cur rent economic climate.

· It is the intention that the Bank shall operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Offeror on par with Totalkredit A/S and Nykredit Bank A/S. After the completion of the Offer, new members will be elected for the Bank's Board of Directors. The current employee represen tatives will continue to serve on the Board of Directors.

8

5.4.2

Ownership interests by the Board of Directors and the Executive Board

Neither the Board of Directors nor the Executive Board of the Company holds - directly or indirectly - any ownership interests in the Offeror.

The shares and share options in the Company which are owned by members of the Board of Direc tors and the Executive Board, including controlled companies, are specified in Schedule A . The Board of Directors and the Executive Board Intend to accept the Offer. There are no issued share options with an exercise price lower than the Offer Price.

Neither the Board of Directors nor the Executive Board of the Company shall receive any payment or separate consideration in connection with the presentation and execution of the Offer. The exist ing service contracts for the Executive Management, which were entered into prior to approaching the Offeror, contain certain severance conditions which may be triggered subsequently to the com pletion of the Offer.

5.4.3

Agreements with the Offeror

The Company, the Board of Directors and the Executive Board have not entered into any agree ments with the Offeror in connection with the presentation of the Offer. The Bank and the Nykredit group have earlier signed a number of commercial agreements concerning, inter alia, funding, mar keting of mortgage credit and trading with financial products and instruments. These agreements have all been entered into on market terms.

6.

SUMMARY

Based on the advantages and disadvantages of the Offer, the Board of Directors has unanimously resolved to recommend that the shareholders accept the Offer.
Copenhagen, 15 September 2008
The Board of Directors of Forstædernes Bank A/S

9

Schedule A
LIST OF SHAREHOLDINGS, ETC. OWNED BY THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE BOARD OF THE BANK
The members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board own shares in the Company as fol lows:

Name
B o a rd o f D irectors
Jesper Andreasen (chairman) Lars Frederiksen (vice chairman) Olav Brusen Barsøe Anker Meyer Jensen Jan Frederiksen Mette Viskum Kretzschmer Steen Moesgaard Henrik Plannthin
E xecutive B oard
Kjeld Mosebo Christensen (managing director) Gunnar Kobberup Niels Fessel

No. of shares
183,123 97,500 1,539 5,698 7,428 2,770 1,755 2,193
44,424 15,296
8,624

The members of the Board of Directors do not own any share options in the Company. The mem bers of the Executive Board own the following share options which can be converted into Shares in the Company:

Name Kjeld Mosebo Christensen Gunnar Kobberup
Niels Fessel

Number of options 15,346 11,952 16,595 10,677 8,315 11,545 10,677 8,315 11,545

Time of granting 2006 2007 2008 2006 2007 2008 2006 2007 2008

Exercise price 174 219 123 174 219 123 174 219 123

10

