NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee A SA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0636632 - FRN I.M. Skaugen SE Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2012/2015
Oslo, 10 March 2016
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting Nordic Trustee ASA acts as trustee (the "Trustee") for the holders of the bonds (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue with ISIN NO 001 0636632 (the "Bond Issue") with I.M. Skaugen SE as issuer (the "Issuer" or "DISK"). All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 21 February 2012 and as amended in the Amendment Agreement dated 24 February 2015 (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein. References to Clauses and paragraphs are references to Clauses and paragraphs of the Bond Agreement. The information in this summons regarding the Issuer is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information. 1 BACKGROUND 1.1 Possible disagreement in relation to buy-back offer (the "Disagreement") The Bondholders' Meeting on 23 February 2015 approved certain amendments to the terms of the Bonds. As part of the proposal approved by the Bondholders' Meeting on 23 February 2015 (the "2015 Proposal"), the Issuer undertook to offer to redeem Bonds with a principal aggregate amount of a minimum of NOK 60 million (the "Buy-Back Offer"). The Issuer further undertook that if the Buy-Back Offer was completed at any discount to par value, the nominal difference between the discounted purchase prices and par value should be distributed as cash to the remaining Bondholders. The Buy-Back Offer was carried out in March 2015. The average acceptance price in the modified "reverse Dutch auction" was 72.73% of par value plus accrued interest. As the Buy-Back Offer thus was completed at a discount to par value, a total of approx. NOK 16.4 million (the "Distribution Amount") was distributed to the Bondholders after the Bonds bought back in the Buy-Back Offer had been cancelled. Since IMSK held 191 million of the Bonds (Issuer's Bonds), NOK 9.2 million of the Distribution Amount was dispersed to IMSK.

2/4
Certain Bondholders have brought forward the argument that IMSK should not have received any portion of the Distribution Amount. The Issuer has informed the Bond Trustee that this is based inter alia on the Bondholders' interpretation of the 2015 Proposal and overall understanding of the transaction (including prior negotiation thereof). IMSK, on its side, has informed the Bond Trustee that it's of the clear view that the intention of the 2015 Proposal was that all Bondholders (including IMSK) were entitled to the Distribution Amount and that this is supported by the summons and other written documentation. The Issuer has informed the Bond Trustee that, in order to avoid a legal dispute and amicably settle the situation, IMSK has entered into discussions with the Bondholders.
As a proposal for a joint settlement of the Disagreement between the parties, IMSK proposes a payment to the Bondholders (for the avoidance of doubt, not including IMSK) of a one-time compensation of NOK 3.3 million as a full and final settlement of the Disagreement. The Issuer has informed the Bond Trustee that the proposal does not imply any admission of liability on the part of IMSK or its advisors.
2 PROPOSAL
2.1 Proposal
In accordance with Clause 16.2 of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' Meeting in order to obtain the Bondholders' approval of the following proposal (the "Proposal"):
(a) The Issuer will pay to the Bondholders holding Voting Bonds (other than the Issuer's Bonds) an aggregate amount of NOK 3.3 million. This amount shall be distributed pro rata on all Voting Bonds, provided, however, that no part of the amount shall be distributed on any Issuer's Bonds. The amount will be payable to the Voting Bonds (with record date at the end of business on the date of the Bondholders' Meeting), 14 Business Days after the Bondholders' Meeting, provided that the Bondholders' Meeting accepts the Proposal.
(b) The payment referred to in (a) above shall constitute a full and final settlement of the Disagreement. The Bondholders will upon receiving the NOK 3.3 million payment, waive any and all claims they may have or allege to have against the Issuer, their advisors, their respective affiliates and their respective directors, employees and advisers in connection with the Buy-Back Offer, the amendments approved by the Bondholders' Meeting on 23 February 2015 and any payments made in connection therewith.
(c) IMSK holds Issuer's Bonds with a total nominal value of NOK 178,5 million, equal to 53% of the total number of Outstanding Bonds. As a technical matter, the above Proposal will be implemented by way of a total payment of NOK 6,9 million, of which NOK 3,6 million will be paid to the Issuer's Bonds and NOK 3.3 million will be distributed pro rata on all Voting Bonds (Outstanding Bonds less Issuer's Bonds). To the extent IMSK's holding of Bonds (Issuer Bonds) changes before the Bondholder's Meeting, the gross payment will change accordingly, but the net amount payable on all Voting Bonds (Bonds not held by IMSK) will in any event be NOK 3.3 million.
2.2 Authorisation of the Bond Trustee
The Bondholders' Meeting irrevocably authorise the Bond Trustee to negotiate, agree, execute and deliver, on behalf of the Bondholders, any document, agreement and/or instrument as the Bond Trustee (in its sole discretion, but with a duty to negotiate in good faith towards the

3/4
Issuer) may deem required in order to effect any of the matters contemplated in clause 2.1 above, in each case, without any liability for the Bond Trustee or its employees except in the case of the Bond Trustee only, fraud or wilful misconduct.

3 FINANCIAL ADVISORS AND FURTHER INFORMATION
The Issuer has engaged Arctic Securities AS as financial advisor (the "Advisor") in relation to the Proposal. For more information on the proposal, please contact Arctic Securities Fixed Income Sales on +47 21 01 32 70 or Debt Capital Markets on +47 21 01 31 91 (Fabian Qvist) / +47 21 01 32 92 (Jan Henrik Getz).
The Advisor acts solely for the Issuer and no-one else in connection herewith. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the Advisor with respect to the Issuer or its assets, and the Advisor expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to the information contained in these summons).

4 EVALUATION AND NON-RELIANCE
The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable and vote accordingly.

5 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
The Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' Meeting to consider the approval of the Proposal.

Bondholders' Meeting: Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time: Place:

29 March 2016 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon \TIs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of the Proposal.

To approve the above resolution, more than 50 per cent of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting.

4/4
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depositoiy (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Nordic Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Nordic Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (www.mail@trustee.no) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA
Vivian Trøsch
Enclosed:
Schedule A - Bondholders' Form

