To: HI Bidco AS Grandavegen 26 6823 Sandane Norway (the "Issuer")
E-mail address: i.b.michelsen@gmail.com Attention: Johan Bernt Michelsen

14 December 2017

AMENDMENT LETTER

1. We refer to:

(a) the bond terms dated 27 October 2017 for the FRN 5.50 per cent. Senior Secured NOK 1,350,000,000 Callable Open Bond Issue 2017/2022 with ISIN NO 001 0808249 (the "Senior Secured Bond Terms") entered into between the Issuer as issuer and Nordic Trustee AS as bond trustee and security agent (the "Senior Secured Bond Trustee");

(b) the bond terms dated 27 October 2017 for the FRN 8.00 per cent. Second Lien NOK 350,000,000 Callable Bond Issue 2017/2023 with ISIN NO 001 0808256 (the "Second Lien Bond Terms", and together with the Senior Secured Bond Terms, the "Bond Terms"), entered into between the Issuer as issuer and Nordic Trustee AS as bond trustee (the "Second Lien Bond Trustee", and together with the Senior Secured Bond Trustee, the "Bond Trustee"); and

(c) that the Issuer and the Bond Trustee has agreed that certain minor amendments should be made to each of the Bond Terms on the terms set out in this letter.

2. In this letter capitalised terms used shall, save as expressly defined herein or otherwise required by the context, have the same meanings as given to them in the Senior Secured Bond Terms and the provisions of Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Senior Secured Bond Terms shall apply to this letter as though they were set out herein in their entirety, except that references to the Senior Secured Bond Terms shall be construed as references to this letter.

3.

Subject to the terms of this letter, it is hereby agreed that with effect from and including the

date on which the Bond Trustee receives a duly co-signed copy of this letter:

(a) the following amendments shall be made to each of the Bond Terms:

L 9415468 V3 14 12.17 92656-144

the definition of "Original Guarantor" in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) of each of the Bond Terms will be deleted and replaced by the following definition:
"Original Guarantor" means each of:
(a) Target 1;
(b) Melin Medical AS, a private limited liability company incorporated in Norway with registration number 995 250 640;
(c) Melin Medical Danmark ApS, a private limited liability company incorporated in Denmark with registration number 374 682 66;
(d) Melin Medical Sverige AB, a private limited liability company incorporated in Sweden with registration number 559101-2058;
(e) Melin Collectors AS, a private limited liability company incorporated in Norway with registration number 995 635 607;
(f) Melin Collectors Danmark ApS, a private limited liability company incorporated in Denmark with registration number 378 766 90;
(g) Melin Collectors Sverige AB, a private limited liability company incorporated in Sweden with registration number 559116-6367; and
(h) subject to, and upon, it becoming a Group Company, Target 2.
and all references to "Original Guarantor" in each of the Bond Terms shall be amended accordingly.
the following new provision will be added as paragraph (c) of Clause 16.1 {Power to represent the Bondholders) of each of the Bond Terms:
(c) Notwithstanding any other provision in these Bond Terms, the Issuer hereby appoints each o f the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent as a representative and an agent (in Danish: "repræsentant") for and on behalf o f the Bondholders in accordance with Chapter 2a o f the Danish Securities Trading, Etc. Act (in Danish: Lov om Værdipapirhandel m.v.) (as amendedfrom time to time) and the Issuer agrees that the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent shall act as such under Danish law.
the following new provision will be added as paragraph (e) of Clause 16.6 {Security Agent) of each of the Bond Terms (and the numbering of and references to the existing paragraph (e) of Clause 16.6 will be adjusted accordingly to a new paragraph (f) of Clause 16.6):
(e) I f the Security Agent is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Security Agent

shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Security Agent shall be appointed in accordance with this Clause 16.6 (Security Agent).
4. The Issuer:
(a) confirms and agrees that, even though the names of the Swedish and the Danish members of the Group have unintentionally been misspelled in certain corporate resolutions, material, presentations and/or documents made, presented, executed and/or delivered in connection with the approval, placement, subscription or issue of the Bonds and the 2L Bonds, all reference to such members of the group in all such corporate resolutions, material, presentations and/or documents shall be construed as references to Melin Medical Sverige AB, Melin Collectors Sverige AB, Melin Medical Danmark ApS and Melin Collectors Danmark ApS, respectively;
(b) acknowledges, confirms and undertakes that the Transaction Security created by it under the Transaction Security Documents (under and as defined in each of the Bond Terms), shall, on and after making of the amendments to each of the Bond Terms set out in this letter, continue in full force and effect and extend to all the obligations and liabilities of the Debtors under the Debt Documents (each term as defined in the intercreditor agreement dated 31 October 2017 between, among others, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee) (as amended by this letter); and
(c) confirms and agrees that, save as expressly provided for in this letter, the terms and provisions of each of the Bond Terms and the other Finance Documents (under and as defined in each of the Bond Terms) shall continue in full force and effect.
5. This letter is a Finance Document (under and as defined in each of the Bond Terms).
6. The provisions of Clause 19 (Governing law andjurisdiction) of each of the Bond Terms shall be incorporated into this letter as if set out in full in this letter and as if references in that clause to "this Agreement" and the like are references to this letter.

P lease confirm your acceptance and agreement o f the terms o f this letter by co-signing below and returning a duly co-signed copy o f it to the Bond Trustee.
Yours sincerely,
NO RDIC TRUSTEE AS
(as Bond Trustee (under and as defined in each of

Morten S. Bredesen
Name: Title:

We accept and agree to the terms of this letter.
December 2017
H IB ID C O A S
(as Issuer (under and as defined in each of the Bond Terms))
By: Name: Title:

Please confirm your acceptance and agreement o f the terms o f this letter by co-signing below and returning a duly co-signed copy o f it to the Bond Trustee.
Yours sincerely, NORDIC TRUSTEE AS (as Bond Trustee (under and as defined in each o f die Bond Terms))
By: Name: Title:
W e accept and agree to the to m s o f this letter. H . December 2017 HIBIDCO AS (as Issuer (under and as defined in each o f the Bond Terms))
fVTto&ueY- , u - 'mcr

