NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
www. trustee:, no

(Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidetp å engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA p å telefon +47 22 87 94 00.)

To the bondholders in:
$210 million FRN Remedial (Cyprus) Public Company Limited Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012. ISIN NO 001 036034.0

Oslo, 11 June 2010

PROPOSED INCREASE IN DIP LOAN - SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS MEETING
1. INTRODUCTION
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") is appointed as loan trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") of the bonds (the "Bonds") in the above mentioned loan with ISIN NO 001 036034.0 (the "Loan") issued by Remedial (Cyprus) Public Company Limited ("Remedial").
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement governing the Bonds dated 23 March, 2007 between Remedial and the Loan Trustee (the "Loan Agreement"), unless otherwise stated in this summons.
2. BACKGROUND
2.1 Commencement o f Chapter 11 Proceedings
As Bondholders are aware, on 18 February 2010, Remedial filed a petition for relief under chapter 11 (the "Chapter 11 Proceedings") of title 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the "US Bankruptcy Code"). That petition was filed with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the "US Bankruptcy Court").
Under section 363 of the US Bankruptcy Code, a company that has entered into chapter 11 proceedings may seek to schedule an auction for the sale of all or substantially all of its business and assets in order to maximise recoveries for its creditors (a "363 Sale"). On 26 February 2010, Remedial filed a motion (the "Bidding Procedures Motion") with the US Bankruptcy Court for orders authorising it to sell substantially all of its assets (the "Assets") to a nominee of the Bondholders, subject to higher and better offers.
2.2 DIP Loan
In expectation of the possible commencement of the Chapter 11 Proceedings, the Bondholders' meeting held on 12 February 2010 authorised the Loan Trustee to provide funding from the escrow account (the "NTM Account") for the period following the filing of a petition commencing the Chapter 11 Proceedings in the form of a super priority debtor-inpossession loan (subject to approval of the US Bankruptcy Court) (the "DIP Loan"). The resolution passed at that Bondholders' meeting required Remedial to provide, as security for the DIP Loan, inter alia, a super senior lien and adequate protection collateral over all of

M A ILIN G ADD RESS · P .O .B O X I 4 7 0 V IK A , N -O Il6 OSLO

LO CATIO N · H AAKON VII GATE I, O SLO , NORWAY

phone · +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail ® mail@trustee.no

'

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www. tniNi ct\ no
Remedial's unencumbered assets. In addition, the resolution required that the amount of the DIP Loan would not exceed US$5 million without further approval of the Bondholders and could only be used to cover Remedial's own legal costs, the legal costs of any unsecured creditors' committee, the running costs of Remedial during the Chapter 11 Proceedings and the costs and expenses of, Bingham McCutchen LLP ("Bingham") and AMA Capital Partners LLC ("AMA", and together with Bingham, the "Advisers"), the legal and financial advisers engaged by the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders.
The terms of the DIP Loan were negotiated between Remedial and the Loan Trustee (through their respective advisers), subject to the approval of the US Bankruptcy Court. Following commencement of the Chapter 11 Proceedings, Remedial filed a motion requesting interim approval of a portion of the DIP Loan. An initial, and a final order approving the DIP Loan, in an aggregate amount of up to US$5 million were approved by the US Bankruptcy Court on 22 February 2010 and 10 March 2010 respectively. As at the date of this summons, US$5 million has been drawn under terms of the DIP Loan, and no further monies are therefore currently available for drawing.
2.3 Stalking Horse Bid
At the Bondholders' meeting held on 10 March 2010, the Loan Trustee was authorised to make an offer for the Bondholders to purchase substantially all of the assets of Remedial. That offer was to be based on funding through a credit bid (the "Stalking Horse Bid").
In accordance with the terms of the resolutions passed at the last Bondholders' meeting, the consideration to be provided by the Bondholders (through a newly incorporated SPV ("Newco")) for substantially all of the assets of Remedial under the Stalking Horse Bid was forgiveness of US$120 million of debt owed by Remedial to the Bondholders, comprised of (i) all amounts outstanding under the DIP Loan at the time of completion of the 363 Sale to Newco (together with accrued interest thereon) (the "Total DIP Amount"), and (ii) an amount equivalent to US$120 million of the Loan under the Loan Agreement, less the Total DIP Amount.
In order for Newco to be able to consummate the Stalking Horse Bid, it will need to be the sole Bondholder under the Loan at the time of completion of the 363 Sale. Accordingly, the Bondholders' meeting held on 10 March 2010 resolved to transfer all of the Bonds and the DIP Loan to Newco in the event that the Stalking Horse Bid was approved as the successful bid, and prior to completion of the 363 Sale. This means that, upon completion of the 363 Sale, Newco will effectively become the beneficiary of the remaining funds in the NTM Account which are currently held by the Loan Trustee.
The Stalking Horse Bid was the successful bid as no other qualifying bids were received by the deadline of 9 April 2010.
Swedbank AB (publ) ("Swedbank") had filed an objection to the sale motion (the "Sale Objection") and also filed a motion challenging the liens of the Bondholders (the "Lien Challenge Motion") as described in section 2.4 below. The Sale Hearing took place on 26 May 2010. Swedbank agreed to withdraw the Sale Objection and to adjourn the Lien Challenge Motion pursuant to the Swedbank settlement outlined below. The US Bankruptcy Court approved the sale of the Assets and the Stalking Horse Bid as the successful bid. The Stalking Horse Bid was approved by the US Bankruptcy Court on the basis that it could involve an initial closing of the sale of the construction contract with Cosco for the ESV2 (and related assets), and a later closing of the sale of the construction contract with Yantai for the ESY1 (and related assets) for the reasons outlined in section 2.6 below.
2

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
WWW, i J'UNtCC. no
2.4 Swedbank AB
As Bondholders will be aware, Remedial was unable to effect a consensual restructuring because an agreement acceptable to the Bondholders could not be reached with two financial institutions for the compromise of their significant but unsecured claims against Remedial. One of these claims was a claim by Swedbank of approximately US$7.2 million following the termination of three interest rate swap confirmations governed by an ISDA master agreement dated 20 November 2008 after a payment due on 28 September 2009 was missed (the "Swedbank Claim"). On 9 April 2010, Swedbank filed the Lien Challenge Motion for authority, on behalf of the estate to challenge the Bondholders' lien on the ESV1 and ESV2 construction contracts. This delayed the hearing of the US Bankruptcy Court to approve the sale of the Assets and the Stalking Horse Bid as the successful bid (the "Sale Hearing"), which was originally due to take place on 22 April 2009.
The Advisers held numerous discussions with Swedbank in order to reach an agreement with Swedbank and complete the Stalking Horse Bid process. In consultation with a majority of the Bondholders, an agreement for the settlement of the Swedbank Claim was reached on 25 May 2010 pursuant to which Swedbank would be entitled to receive 2.5% of the equity in the Newco incorporated for the purposes of the 363 Sale, in consideration for the transfer to Newco of the Swedbank Claim. The letter agreement which memorialised the agreement with Swedbank was attached to the 363 Sale order signed by the US Bankruptcy Court.
2.5 Cosco Delivery Payment
The testing process for the ESV2 is almost complete, and Remedial has been advised by Cosco that that vessel will likely be ready for delivery shortly after completion of the 363 Sale.
As part of the 363 Sale, the ESV2 Construction Contract will be novated to a subsidiary of Newco. The novation agreement will include terms confirming that the ESV2 can be stored at the Cosco Yard free of wharfage charge for a period of 90 days after delivery. Cosco has however informed Remedial that it is no longer willing to provide for the deferral of US$7 million of the final payment instalment due to it, upon delivery of the ESV2, for 12 months. Accordingly the final instalment of US$25.2 million will be due in full upon delivery of the ESY2.
2.6 Yantai and the ESV1 Vessel
On 16 April 2010, Remedial received a cancellation notice from Yantai purporting to terminate the ESV1 Construction Contract citing entry into the Chapter 11 Proceedings as a default under the terms of the Construction Contract. Yantai then ceased work on the ESV1. On 16 April 2010 Remedial issued a letter to Yantai confirming that the notice was in violation of the automatic stay under the Chapter 11 Proceedings and the US Bankruptcy Code and, accordingly, was ineffective. Since this time, the Advisers have been in discussions with Yantai. The discussions are ongoing and no final agreement has yet been reached. For this reason, provision has been made in the purchase agreement for the 363 Sale for a split sale. This will involve in the first instance completion of the sale to a subsidiary of Newco (the "ESV2 Subsidiary") of all of the assets of Remedial other than the construction contract with Yantai for the ESY1 and other assets related to the Yantai Construction Contract. The sale of the construction contract with Yantai for the ESV1, together with the related assets, to another subsidiary of Newco (the "ESV1 Subsidiary"), shall follow at a later date once an agreement has been reached with Yantai. The consideration to be provided by Newco for
3

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.tmstco.no
both sales will be apportioned on a basis to be determined following consultation with the Advisers. All of the Bondholder Claims (as defined below) and the Swedbank Claim, will however be transferred to Newco prior to completion of the initial sale to the ESV1 Subsidiary.
3. NEWCO CAPITAL STRUCTURE
Newco has now been incorporated in the Cayman Islands with the name Remedial Cayman Limited and the Loan Trustee will arrange for the transfer of all of the Bonds, all other claims under the Loan Agreement and the DIP Loan (the "Bondholder Claims") to Newco. Upon transfer of the Bondholder Claims to Newco, all of the funds in the NTM Account, estimated to be US$47 million following the proposed increase in the DIP Loan, will be held by NTM on behalf of Newco (as sole Bondholder). NTM shall in partial discharge of the Loan, then at the direction of Newco either (a) release the funds in the NTM Account to Newco in full, or (b) pay an amount equivalent to the final instalment due under the Cosco construction contract to Cosco from the funds in the NTM Account and release the balance to Newco.
It was previously intended that this transfer of the Bondholder Claims would be in consideration of the issuance to the Bondholders of the entire share capital in Newco and a bond loan by Newco in a principal amount which is at least equivalent to the funds so released to it from the NTM Account.
Subsequently, the Advisers considered an alternative structure which would involve the issuance to the Bondholders of the entire share capital in Newco only, without a bond loan by Newco. This deleveraging of Newco's capital structure would assist any future attempts by Newco to obtain a working capital facility. However, the Advisers also considered the fact that, if Newco were to sell its assets in the short term, such a deleveraging would not be required and it may be more efficient for the Newco bond loan to be larger in terms of returning sale proceeds to the Bondholders. Consequently, it is proposed that the Bondholder Claims and the Swedbank Claim will be transferred to Newco. In consideration for the transfer of the Bondholder claims, the Bondholders (pro rata to their holding of Bonds) shall be issued with (i) 162.5m of a bond loan in a principal amount of up to US$165 million (the "Newco Loan"), and (ii) 100% of the shares in Newco (the "Shares"). In consideration of the transfer to Newco of the Swedbank Claim, Swedbank, or its nominated affiliate, will be issued with the remaining US$2.5 million of the Newco Loan as described in section 4.
As outlined in the summons for the Bondholders' meeting held on 10 March 2010, and save as mentioned in the following paragraph, the form of the agreement governing the Newco Loan will be substantially in the form of the Residual Bond Loan Agreement appended to, and as defined in, the summons to the Bondholders' meeting held on 12 Lebruary 2010, subject to revisions to reflect changes to the Loan Trustee's current standard form and to take account of any amendments which the Loan Trustee may agree in consultation with, and based on feedback from, the Bondholders and the Advisers.
However, it is now proposed that the Newco Loan be unsecured and unguaranteed. This is reflective of the fact that all of the original holders of the bonds issued by Newco under the Newco Loan (the "Newco Bonds") will also be the holders of the Shares (except in the case of Swedbank). It is also proposed that the Newco Loan will be limited in recourse to the value of Newco's assets from time to time to provide the directors of Newco with comfort that Newco will not be insolvent as a consequence of the issuance of the Newco Bonds.
4

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www. 1nister, no
In the event that Newco continues to hold the assets which it is acquiring from Remedial on a long-term basis and is not able to sell them in the short term, then Newco may require a working capital facility. As outlined above, in such circumstances a deleveraging of Newco would assist Newco in its efforts to obtain such financing. Accordingly, a partial or indeed full equitisation of the Newco Bonds may be necessary. Newco would convene a meeting of the holders of the Newco Bonds to approve any such equitisation, but it is intended that Newco has sufficient share capital at the outset to effect a full equitisation of the Newco Bonds.
It is envisaged that the Newco Loan and the Shares will be issued to a nominee bank to allow them to be traded through the VPS. The Loan Trustee will circulate further information on this process in due course.
4. AGREEMENT WITH SWEDBANK
In order that the new capital structure does not undermine the settlement with Swedbank (as the 2.5% of the Shares it is due to receive would be of reduced value with the additional debt in place), an alternative approach has been discussed for Swedbank. Consequently, it has been proposed to Swedbank, that US$2.5 million of the Newco Bonds (or an alternative pari passu instrument) be issued to Swedbank, or its nominated affiliate, in consideration of the transfer to Newco of the Swedbank Claim, provided further that if there were any future equitisation of the Newco Loan, the constitutional documents of Newco will provide a mechanism allowing Swedbank to maintain an interest in 2.5% of the total equity of Newco following such equitisation (assuming full equitisation of the Newco Loan) (the "Swedbank Debt Issuance").
5. INCREASE IN DIP LOAN
It is also proposed that the Loan Trustee be authorised to provide additional funding from the NTM Account. This additional funding is intended to provide Remedial with sufficient working capital to enable it to continue to operate on a going-concern basis pending closing of the sale of the ESV1 (in the event that that sale is delayed pending the outcome of on-going discussions with Yantai as outlined in section 2.6 above) and ensure an orderly sale of the Assets.
That additional funding will be in the form of a US$1.5 million increase in the principal amount of the existing super priority DIP Loan. This would be made available to Remedial in draws of no more than US$300,000 per draw which would be released by the Loan Trustee following consultation with AMA. They would be secured by the same collateral as the existing drawings under the DIP Loan (being all of Remedial's otherwise unencumbered assets) to the extent that such collateral still remains in Remedial's possession. The amount of the DIP Loan to be made available from the NTM Account will not exceed US$6.5 million in aggregate (being the US$5 million which has been drawn by or remains available to Remedial as at the date of this summons under the DIP Loan, and the additional US$1.5 million which would be available upon passing of the resolutions proposed at this Bondholders' meeting and approvals from AMA) without further approval of the Bondholders. The Bondholders' claims and commitments in respect of the full amount of the DIP Loan (including the proposed US$1.5 million increase) would be transferred to Newco upon completion of the transfer of the Bonds to Newco.
5

NORSIC TILLITSMANN ASA
www. i m strv.no
This increase in available commitments under the terms of the DIP Loan will require the approval of the US Bankruptcy Court. Remedial intends to seek such approval as soon as possible after the posting of this summons to the Bondholders.
Bondholders can obtain a copy of the DIP Loan (which is secured over all of Remedial's unencumbered assets) by contacting Chetna Mistry at Bingham (tel: +44 20 7661 5409; email: chetna.mistry@bingham.com).
6. EVALUATION
Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by any of the Loan Trustee, Bingham or AMA. Bondholders should independently evaluate the proposals and vote accordingly.

SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

Monday 21 June 2010 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VHs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5,h floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the Chairman.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondholders ' meeting approve:
1. the terms o f the Newco Loan and the Newco Bonds, as described in section 3 in the summons to this Bondholders 'meeting;
2. the settlement o f the Swedbank Claim as described in Section 2.4 o f the summons and any alternative issuance o f US$2.5 million o f Newco Bonds (or an alternative pari passu debt instrument) to Swedbank or its nominated affiliate in consideration o f the transfer o f the Swedbank Claim as described in section 4 in the summons to this Bondholders 'meeting; and
3. the Loan Trustee to releasefunds from the NTM Account in order to increase the DIP Loan as described in section 5 in the summons to this Bondholders 'meeting.

The Loan Trustee is given the power o f attorney to subscribefor shares in Newco and to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work and to collect necessary legal opinions on the transaction and the payment structure and the tax consequences thereof.

6

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www. l ni.stve. no
The above mentioned resolution will, according to the Loan Agreement, require a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favour and a minimum 5/10 of the outstanding Bonds being represented at the meeting. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-0O0-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Ola Nygaard
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

