NORDIC TRUSTEE
Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidetp å engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Nordic TrusteeASA p å telefon +47 22 87 94 00.
To the bondholders in:
FRN Golden Energy Offshore Service AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2017 with ISIN NO 001 0711732
Oslo, 31 August 2015
SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING - REQUEST FOR WAIVER FROM ASSET COVER RATIO AS PER CLAUSE 13.6 (a) OF THE BOND AGREEMENT
Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee") is appointed as bond trustee for the bond issue with ISIN NO 001 0711732 (the "Bond Issue") issued by Golden Energy Offshore Services AS (the "Issuer") pursuant to the terns of a certain bond loan agreement (the "Bond Agreement") dated 28 May 2014 between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Bond Agreement unless otherwise stated.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
The Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' Meeting to consider a request for a waiver in respect of the Issuer's obligations to comply with the financial covenant relating to the Asset Cover Ratio as required by clause 13.6 (a) of the Bond Agreement.
1. Background The Issuer is operating within the shipping business and is currently the owner of the two platform supply vessels (PSVs) Energy Scout and Energy Swan. The vessels are currently on charter contracts in Nigeria and Norway respectively.
Pursuant to the Bond Agreement's clause 13.6 {Financial Covenants) and the definition of the term Market Value, the Issuer shall obtain market valuation of the Vessels from two independent and wellreputed sale and purchase brokers. Market valuation of the Vessels is to be made semi-annually.
The Issuer informs that shipbrokers in the market are now declining to provide valuations in thenvaluation reports on the PSVs Market Value due to lack of comparable transactions in the market based on the important "willing buyer willing seller principle".
The Issuer agrees that it is impossible to estimate a fan value of the vessels in today's market.
The Issuer accepts that values are declining and have in the period from end Q2 till the issuances of the Q2 reports been in dialogue with some bondholders. Based on this dialogue the Issuer has received support from its shareholder for injection of some additional equity and have used the funds to buy 6.912.500 of Outstanding Bonds with Face Value NOK 1 which will be redeemed or otherwise discharged.
The Issuer has also received commitments to vote in favour of the proposal set out below from holders of approximately 41% of Outstanding Bonds (NOK 149.906.000).

P O Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

2. The Proposal
Based on the foregoing, the Issuer proposes that the following resolution (the "Proposal") be passed by the Bondholders:
"The Issuer's obligation to comply with the Bond Agreement's provision to obtain market valuation reports semi-annually is waivedfo r q2 2015 and up until, but not including, 31 December 2015. ''

3. Non-reliance

The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee and nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal, financial and tax advisers regarding the effect of the Proposal.

4. Bondholders' Meeting

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time: Place:

14 September 2015 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VHs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of the Proposal

I t is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:
The Bondholders' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 2 in the summons to this Bondholders' Meeting.
The above mentioned resolutions will, according to the Bond Agreement, require a 2/3 majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting voting in favour and a minimum 5/10 of the Voting Bonds being represented at the meeting. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Foim, authorising Nordic Trustee
2

ASA to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Kind regards Nordic Trustee ASA
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
3

