Final terms 03.12.13

Term Sheet

ISIN: NO 0010697956 Atlantic Offshore AS Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2013/2018 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")

Settlement Date: 16 December 2013

Issuer:

Atlantic Offshore AS (organisation number 992 684 941)

Group:

Means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. A "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.

Currency:

NOK

Issue Size/First Tranche:

NOK 400,000,000

Borrowing limit: Coupon rate:

NOK 550,000,000 3 months NIBOR + 7.50% p.a., quarterly interest payments.

Settlement Date:

16 December 2013. Notice is expected to be given to Subscribers minimum two banking days prior to the Settlement Date.

Final Maturity Date: 16 May 2018 (4 years and 5 months after Settlement Date).

First interest payment 16 March 2014 (3 months after Settlement Date). day:

Last interest payment Final Maturity Date. day:

Interest Payments:

Interest will start to accrue on Settlement Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the interest payment day in March, June, September and December each year. The day count fraction for the coupon is "act/360", business day convention is "modified following" and business day is "Oslo".

Issue Price:

100.00 (par)

Amortization:

The Bonds shall be repaid on the Final Maturity Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interests on redeemed amount).

Nominal value:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of NOK 1,000,000 each. Minimum subscription amount shall be NOK 1,000,000.

Status of the Bonds:

The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with other unsecured senior debt of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

Page 1

Purpose of the Bonds: The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be used to refinance (i) the Existing Bonds, and (ii) for general corporate purposes.

Call Options (American):

The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or nothing) at any time from and including the date falling 3 years and 6 months after the Settlement Date to, but not included, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 102.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

Conditions Precedent:

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bond Issue (net of legal costs, fees of the Managers and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) from the Managers to the Issuer will be subject to certain conditions precedent, to the satisfaction of the Trustee, as customary for these types of transactions, including (but not limited to):

a) the Bond Agreement duly executed; b) confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default has
occurred or is likely to occur as a result of the issuance of the Bonds; c) an agreement between the Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and
fees duly executed; d) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the
Bonds and execute all the relevant documents; e) financial statements/reports; f) acceptance by the respective bondholders' meetings for the Existing Bonds
to the proposal to make certain amendments to the financial covenants in the respective bond agreements as further described in the "Summons to Bondholders' meeting ­ Amendments of Bond Agreements" dated 20 November 2013; g) acceptance by the lenders under the Senior Newbuild Facilities to make certain amendments to the financial covenants in the respective loan agreement; and h) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Trustee in respect of the Bond Agreement having been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee.

The Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of certain Conditions Precedent at its sole discretion.

Issuer's General Undertakings:

During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general undertakings at any time:

a) Mergers: The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company shall carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of such Group Company with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

b) De-mergers: The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company shall carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting such Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

c) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. Further, the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall ensure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond

Page 2

Issuer's Special Covenants:

Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.
d) Disposal of business: The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions and such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
e) Reporting: The Issuer shall prepare consolidated and unconsolidated annual audited and quarterly interim unaudited reports and make such reports available on the website of the Issuer (in addition to sending them to the Trustee) as soon as they become available, however not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant Quarter Date (each a "Reporting Date").
All such reports as referred to above, shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP (including IFRS if applied by the Issuer), and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
f) Arm's length transactions: The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following special covenants:
a) Distributions: The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make any loans or other distributions or payments to its shareholders (including but not limited to payment of principal or interest on any shareholder loans (cf. Issuer's Special Covenants c) Subordinated loans)), or other transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders, whether in cash or in kind, (a "Distribution"), save for the Permitted Distribution, exceeding 50% of Issuer's consolidated net profit after taxes (net of minority interests) based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year. However, always provided that the Market Adjusted Equity Ratio is no less than 35% immediately following such Distribution, calculated on the basis of the Group's consolidated numbers as reported on the most recent Quarter Date and pro-forma for such Distribution made or declared. Any un-utilized portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not be carried forward to any subsequent financial year.
b) Financial support restrictions: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of security) ("Financial Support") to or for the benefit of any third party or other Group Companies, other than:
(i) unsecured intra-group loans granted by any Group Company to another Group Company; and
(ii) Financial Support in the ordinary course of business (including as part of
Page 3

Financial Covenants:
Permitted Distribution: Definitions:

customary long-term financing of current and future Vessels).
c) Subordinated loans: The Issuer shall ensure that any existing and future loans from a shareholder of the Issuer or any subordinated loans from a third party to the Issuer shall be subordinated to the Bonds and have maturity after the Final Maturity Date. For the avoidance of doubt, any subordinated loans, other than shareholder loans to the Issuer, may be serviced as long as no Event of Default under the Bond Issue has occurred or is continuing. Any shareholder loans to the Issuer may be serviced subject to Issuer's Special Covenants a) Distributions above as long as no Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. Furthermore, the Issuer shall ensure that loans from a shareholder of the Issuer or other subordinated loans to the Group shall be with the Issuer as borrower and not its Subsidiaries.
d) Insurances: The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall ensure that each Group Company will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice in their relevant jurisdiction.
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following Financial Covenants during the term of the Bond Issue:
a) Market Adjusted Equity Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Market Adjusted Equity Ratio of: (i) if the Contractual Coverage for the fleet is 60% or lower, minimum 30%; (ii) if the Contractual Coverage for the fleet is higher than 60%, minimum 25%; or (iii) if the Contractual Coverage for the fleet is higher than 70% minimum 20%.
b) Interest Cover Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group on a consolidated basis maintains an Interest Cover Ratio of minimum 2.0x; and
c) Minimum Liquidity: From 1 January 2014, the Issuer shall ensure that the Group on a consolidated basis maintains Liquidity of minimum NOK 30 million.
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above Financial Covenants at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date and certified by the Issuer with each compliance certificate to the Trustee, the annual financial statement and quarterly financial statement on the relevant Reporting Date. All Financial Covenants shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group during the lifetime of the Bonds.
The Issuer may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, sell (or in any other way transfer) the anchor handling vessel Ocean Prince (IMO ship identification number 7400819), built in 1976 and wholly-owned by Atlantic Offshore Beta AS (org. number 991 004 769) a company wholly-owned by the Issuer, to the minority shareholder Høyland Shipping AS against payment in cash or no less than 1% of the total number of shares in the Issuer.
Book Equity means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with GAAP (or IFRS if applied by the Issuer).
Contractual Coverage means for all Vessels within the Group the total number of

Page 4

vessel-months on charter parties exceeding 30 days divided by the total number of vessel-months capacity (for the avoidance of doubt, to be calculated excluding options). The Contractual Coverage ratio shall be calculated on a 12 months rolling basis (forward looking) on the relevant quarterly testing date. (For avoidance of doubt "exceeding 30 days" means that the contract have a duration of more than 30 days from the calculation date.)
EBITDA means, at the date of calculation (on a consolidated basis for the Group), earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (calculated on a 12 month rolling basis) determined in accordance with GAAP (including IFRS if applied by the Issuer).
Excess Value means the difference between the book value of the Vessels and their Market Value on the date of such accounts.
Existing Bonds means the bonds issued and existing under the bond issuances (i) FRN Atlantic Offshore AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2012/2015 with ISIN NO 001 065011.2, and (ii) FRN Atlantic Offshore Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2012/2015 ISIN NO 001 066835.
GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in Norway, applicable for the Issuer from time to time.
IFRS means international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002.
Interest Coverage Ratio means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Interest Expense.
Liquidity means the aggregate book value of the Group's freely available and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents (on a consolidated basis), free of any encumbrance.
Market Adjusted Equity means the Book Equity plus any financial indebtedness which (i) is fully subordinated to the Bonds, (ii) matures at a date later than the Final Maturity Date and (iii) pays no cash interest (or other form of cash compensation), adjusted for Excess Value (plus or minus, as the case may be).
Market Adjusted Equity Ratio means the ratio of Market Adjusted Equity to Market Adjusted Total Assets.
Market Adjusted Total Assets means the Total Assets, adjusted for any Excess Value (plus or minus, as the case may be).
Market Value means the aggregate fair market value of the Vessels in NOK determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of each of the Vessels, on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment, obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Vessels, appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee. Such valuation shall be made at least semi-annually in connection with the presentation of the Issuer's relevant quarterly report or upon request by the Trustee. The cost of such valuation shall be for the account of the Issuer.
Net Interest Expense means, at the date of calculation (on a consolidated basis for the Group), the aggregate consolidated gross interest costs of the Group related to the Group's interest-bearing debt less the aggregate consolidated gross interest
Page 5

income of the Group. For the avoidance of doubt gains or losses on currency transactions and unrealized gains or losses from interest rate swaps shall not be considered as income or cost. Net Interest Expenses shall be calculated on a 12 month rolling basis.

Quarter Date means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

Senior Newbuild Facilities means: (i) the term sheet entered into on 27 April 2012, as amended 10 July 2012, between SpareBank 1 SR Bank ASA and Eksportkreditt Norge AS as lenders and Atlantic Offshore Zeta AS (org. number 898 616 002) as borrower; and (ii) the term sheet entered into on 8 August 2013 between DVB Bank SE Nordic Branch and Eksportkreditt Norge AS as lenders and Atlantic Offshore Epsilon AS (org. number 998 539 382) as borrower.

Subsidiary means an entity over which the Issuer has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) an agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of the Issuer if the Issuer owns such number of shares or ownership interests therein so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.

Total Assets means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total assets which are treated as assets in accordance with GAAP (including IFRS if applied by the Issuer).

Vessels means any vessels owned by any Group Company from time to time.

Material Adverse Effect:

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement.

Change of Control clause:

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment (Put Option) of the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 days following the notice of a Change of Control Event but subject to the actual occurrence and completion of the Change of Control Event.

Change of Control Event:

A Change of Control Event occurs if any investor or group of investors, other than Øgreid Eiendom AS or a related party, which are under single control, related with each other or should be consolidated under the terms of the Norwegian Limited Companies Act § 1-3, is or becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting shares of the Issuer.

Issuer's ownership of The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's

Bonds:

discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Event of Default:

The Bond Agreement shall include standard event of default provisions, including cross default provisions for the whole Group on financial indebtedness of NOK 15 million or more.

Approvals:

The issuance of the Bonds has been authorized by the Issuer's Board approval dated 1 December 2013.

Managers:

Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway. Sparebank 1 SR-Bank Markets, Bjergsted Terrasse 1, NO-4066 Stavanger.

Page 6

Trustee: Registration: Paying Agent: Taxation: Documentation: Bond Agreement:
Stock Exchange Listing: Market making: Eligible purchasers:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, NO-0116 Oslo, Norway
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.
SR Bank
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law, subject to standard gross-up and gross-up call provisions.
A Norwegian law based stand-alone Bond Agreement between the Issuer and the Trustee.
The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the Bondholders' representative. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.
Each subscriber in the Bonds, such subscription documented by an application form, a taped telephone conversation, e-mail or otherwise, is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur.
Each subscriber in the Bonds either through the application form (if applied) or documented as otherwise specified in the foregoing, specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective Bondholders. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.
An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on Oslo Stock Exchange.
No market-maker agreement has been made for this Bond Issue.
The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

Page 7

SpareBank 1 SR-Bank Markets is not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as a U.S. registered broker-dealer and will not participate in the offer or sale of the Bonds within the United States.

Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Stock Exchange, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

Subject to:

The issue of Bonds shall be subject to finalized loan documentation and approval of loan documentation by the Issuer and the Trustee.

Ågotnes/Stavanger 3 December 2013

Atlantic Offshore AS As Issuer

Pareto Securities AS

As Joint Lead Managers

SpareBank 1 SR-Bank Markets

Page 8

