NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.crustee.no
Denne melding tiI obiigasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

To the bondholders in: ISIN NO 001031608.6 - 9.75 per cent Petromena ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2012

Oslo, 22 May 2009

Proposal to Authorise Funding for Rig Subsidiaries - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting

1. BACKGROUND

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM"/"Norsk Tillitsmann") acts as trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") of bonds (the "9.75% Bonds") in the above mentioned loan with ISIN NO 001031608.6 (the "9.75% Bond Loan") where PetroMena ASA is the borrower (the "Borrower").

All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the loan agreement related to the 9.75% Bond Loan (the "9.75% Bond Loan Agreement") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.

NTM has convened this meeting on the basis that it has received an undertaking from the

majority holders of the 9.75% Bonds, that they will support and vote in favour of the matters

referred to herein.

,

.

As Bondholders will be aware, on 3 April 2009 NTM declared various Events of Default under the 9.75% Bond Loan Agreement, and declared the 9.75% Bond Loan to be immediately due and payable (together, the "Declarations"). Since that time, various legal actions have been pursued by the Borrower' against NTM (on behalf of Bondholders) in Norway and Singapore, effectively challenging the declarations of the NTM.

Further, as Bondholders will be aware, AMA Capital Partners ("AMA") have previously been appointed as financial adviser to NTM (on behalf of the Bondholders) and Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP ("Bingham") as legal adviser to NTM (on behalf of the Bondholders). Whilst the Company had confirmed that it would pay the reasonable fees of Bingham, and AMA's monthly retainers, the Company did not agree to pay the success fee element of AMA's remuneration, and has now ceased meeting payment of fees generally. In addition, NTM has retained Bugge, Arentz-hansen & Rasmussen ("BAHR") as its legal adviser in Norway, and Rajah & Tann ("R&T") have been retained as its legal adviser in Singapore.

Bondholders will also be aware that Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings have been initiated by PetroRig I Pte Ltd, PetroRig II Pte Ltd and PetroRig III Pte Ltd ("PI", "PH" and "PHI" respectively) in the United States.

M A IL IN G A D D R E SS ® P .O .B O X 1470 V IK A , N - O I l 6 O SLO

LOCATION » HAAKON V II GATE I, O SLO, NORWAY

phone ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 .10 org.nr © no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail » mail@trustee.no

© NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

NTM has convened this meeting to ratify and approve the appointment by NTM (for and on behalf of the Bondholders) of AMA, Bingham, BAHR and R&T and to put in place arrangements for the funding of their services and those of any other professionals that NTM may need to retain, and (to the extent required, but for the avoidance of doubt) to ratify the incurrence by NTM (on behalf of Bondholders) of all expenses it considers are required to seek to maximise recoveries with respect to the 9.75% Bonds. In each case, it is proposed that the amounts involved, and any other out of pocket expenses of NTM incurred in connection with the 9.75% Bond Loan would be met out of Bondholders' recoveries, to the extent not paid for by the Company. The Bondholders are also asked to consider the proposals to allow certain priority recovery funding to be put in place, as more fully described in this summons.

2. APPOINTMENT OF AMA

Scope of Work

AMA have been providing and continue to provide financial advisory services to NTM (on behalf of Bondholders), and advising the Trustee and assisting Bondholders in negotiations and discussions with the Company and other stakeholders and commercial counterparties, and seeking to maximise recoveries for Bondholders.

Fee structure

Monthly Retainer

AMA will be entitled to a monthly retainer of USD 70,000 per month for the term of the engagement.

Transaction Fees

If the 9.75% Bonds are restructured, AMA will be paid a restructuring fee based on the percentage of the 9.75% Bond Loan face value which is recovered, as set out below.

% of Notes' Face Value Corresponding Aggregate Consideration
Up to 70.0% Over 70.0% - 85.0% Greater than 80.0%

to Fee
0.00% 0.50% on that amount 1.00% on that amount

Aggregate Consideration shall mean the total amount of cash and the fair market value of the non-cash consideration paid and to be distributed in respect of the 9.75% Bonds, including all securities and other property paid or payable, directly or indirectly, by any acquiring party, and shall also include the book value of any liabilities indirectly or directly assumed or acquired or otherwise repaid by an acquiring party in connection with or anticipation of a sale which relates to the 9.75% Bonds, including the book value of typical working capital liabilities required in the day-to-day operations and the book value of any cash that is in excess of the cash needed for typical working capital needs of the business. In the event that any portion of the Aggregate Consideration is subject to delayed payment, adjustment or is

2

© NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
placed in escrow, the fee with respect to such portion of the Aggregate Consideration shall be paid to AMA if and when such consideration is received by NTM.
AMA will also be entitled to reimbursement of its out of pocket expenses incurred in connection with providing its services.
It is proposed that the fees referred to above shall be paid as a second priority payment out of amounts it receives for distribution to Bondholders, and ahead of payments of principal, interest and premium on the 9.75% Bonds. The monthly retainers and out of pocket expenses will be shared equally amongst each of the 9.75% Bonds, the 10.85% Bonds also issued by the Borrower, and the FRN Bonds issued by Petrorig III Pte Ltd (together the "Bond Issues") meaning that each of the relevant Bond Issues will be liable to pay 1/3 of these amounts, unless NTM and AMA consider that another sharing arrangement is more equitable.
The AMA Engagement may be terminated on 5 days' notice by either party. The Restructuring Fee and Advisory Fee shall be payable in respect of a transaction consummated within 12 months of the termination date.
NTM shall also agree to indemnify AMA in respect of all losses and liabilities it may incur as a result of the engagement (excluding as result of any negligence or wilful misconduct). This indemnity will be capped at an aggregate amount of US$5 million (in respect of its engagement for NTM on behalf of holders all of the Bond Issues) and shall only be payable out of and to the extent of proceeds being received with respect to the relevant Bond Issue, but as a priority payment out of amounts it receives for distribution to Bondholders, and ahead of payments of principal, interest and premium on the 9.75% Bonds. The indemnity shall terminate 12 months after the date of the engagement letter, save in respect of accrued liabilities which have been notified in writing prior to that date by AMA.
NTM shall be entitled to use its discretion, in consultation with Bingham, in agreeing the final form of engagement letter for AMA so long as the terms are substantially similar to those described above.
3. LEGAL FEES
Certain of the fees, costs and expenses of Bingham as legal adviser to NTM (on behalf of the holders of the 9.75% Bonds) have been met by the Company. However the Company is no longer continuing to meet these fees and expenses. NTM is also incurring legal expenses in the retention of BAHR and R&T, and may need to retain additional counsel in certain circumstances. It may be that certain of these costs need to be initially funded by individual Bondholders who agree to so fund them, or will be met by certain Bondholders who have indemnified NTM in incurring legal expenses (the "Funding Bondholders").
It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting ratify and authorise NTM meeting legal expenses incurred in it acting as trustee (on behalf of Bondholders), including in defending legal actions against it, as a joint first priority out of amounts it receives for distribution to Bondholders, and ahead of any fees payable to AMA, and ahead of payments of principal, interest and premium on the 9.75% Bonds. This may include NTM reimbursing Funding Bondholders who have met any such legal expenses in the first instance. The effect of this will be that these fees, costs and expenses will be born by all Bondholders and not just the Funding Bondholders.
3

· NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
NTM would seek to apportion the fees and expenses between the Bond Issues on an equal basis or as it otherwise considers (in consultation with BAHR and Bingham) to be equitable to each of the Bond Issues.
4. OTHER AMOUNTS
Subsequent to the Declarations, NTM has sought to enforce certain security interests held by it in respect of the 9.75% Bonds. In particular, due to the nature of the security interests granted in connection with the 9.75% Bonds, and in particular the assignments over the construction contracts for the rigs ("Rigs 1 and 2") under construction by PI and PII, certain rights under those contracts have vested in NTM. NTM has already exercised certain of these rights, including appointing Seadrill Limited as its authorised representative at the Jurong shipyard under the contracts for Rigs 1 and 2.
NTM has incurred and may incur further expenses in exercising certain of these and other rights in the interests of Bondholders. Further, it may be necessary for NTM to generally incur costs and expenses in relation to taking steps to seek to maximise recoveries for Bondholders, even separately from specific rights it has under the 9.75% Bond Loan Agreement and the security granted in relation to it.
Subsequent to the Declarations, NTM is required by the 9.75% Bond Loan Agreement to take every measure to recover the 9.75% Bond Loan. Although this provides NTM with a wide discretion and authority, in the circumstances NTM has decided to request Bondholders to separately authorise and ratify NTM to incur costs and expenses in taking measures (in consultation with Bingham, AMA and BAHR) to recover the Remaining Loan, and to pay these costs and expenses as a joint first priority out of amounts it receives for distribution to Bondholders, and ahead of any fees payable to AMA, and ahead of payments of principal, interest and premium on the 9.75% Bonds.
5. LOANS TO RIG SUBSIDIARIES
PI and PII (the "9.75% Rig Subsidiaries") do not currently have access to funds. It is likely that in order to take steps to recover amounts due under the 9.75% Bond Loan, it will become necessary for the 9.75% Rig Subsidiaries to be put in funds (including, potentially being lent proceeds from the FRN Bond escrow account). It is currently anticipated that proceeds from the FRN Bond Escrow Account will be used to make a DIP loan (in the Chapter 11 proceedings) to PI and PII. It is expected that this DIP loan will accrue interest at 15% per annum with a 10% redemption premium. Any such loan will need to rank in priority to claims under the 9.75% Bond Loan. It is therefore proposed that the 9.75% Bondholders authorise and instruct NTM to permit loans made to be made to the 9.75% Rig Subsidiaries (or either of them) (the "Recovery Loans") to rank in priority to the Bonds (including potentially in terms of security on Rig I and Rig II). In order to achieve this priority, it may also be necessary for NTM to enter into a turnover mechanism which provides for the Recovery Loans to be repaid on a priority basis out of amounts to be paid to the holders of the Bonds.
6. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS
Bondholders' meetings in the 9.75% Bond Loan are summoned:
4

« NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
Time: 2 June 2009 at 2 pm (Oslo time) (1 pm London time) Place: the premises of NTM, Haakon VIPs gate 1, Oslo (Norway)
Agenda:
Pursuant to the 9.75% Bond Loan Agreement, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from NTM.
1. Approval of summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Consent to certain proposals:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting in relation to the 9.75% Bond Loan referred to in the heading to this meeting summons to resolve the following resolutions:
Norsk Tillitsmann is authorised and instructed to:
(a) enter into an engagement letter with AMA on substantially similar fee terms to those described above, but otherwise to be in such form as may be approved by the Loan Trustee, and to pay the fees and expenses of AMA incurred in its representation of NTM (on behalf of the Bondholders from time to time) as a second priority out of amounts received by it in connection with the issue of the 9.75% Bonds and before it makes any payments to any Bondholders;
(b) pay the legal fees, costs and expenses (including reimbursement to Funding Bondholders) incurred by NTM on behalf of Bondholders as a joint first priority (and pro rata to amounts under (c) below) out of amounts received by it in connection with the issue of the 9.75% Bonds and before it makes any payment to Bondholders, to be allocated either on an equal basis as between the Bond Issues, or such other basis that NTM considers (in consultation with Bingham) to be equitable to each Bond Issue;
(c) pay the reasonable fees, cost and expenses of NTM incurred in connection with seeking to (i) protect and maximise the value of (including the management of) the assets secured with respect to the 9.75% Bond Loan and (ii) recover the 9.75% Bond Loan, in each case as a joint first priority (with amounts described under (b) above) out of amounts received by it in connection with the issue of the 9.75% Bonds and before it makes any payments to any Bondholders; and
(d) enter into any documentation required to provide for any Recovery Loans to be secured on a priority basis over Rig I and Rig II and to rank in priority to the 9.75% Bonds (with joint priority to amounts under (b) and (c) above) or, if this is not practicable, that a turnover mechanism is entered into which provides for the Recovery Loan to be repaid on a joint first priority basis (with amounts under (b) and (c) above) out of amounts recovered with respect to the 9.75% Bonds in priority to amounts to be paid to the holders of the 9.75% Bonds.
According to the 9.75% Bond Loan Agreement, the above mentioned proposals require a qualified majority of 2/3 of the 9.75% Bond Loan represented at the Bondholders' meeting
5

» NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
voting in favour of such proposals and a minimum 2/10 of the outstanding bonds being represented at the meeting for the 9.75% Bond Loan. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-0O0Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the present date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the 9.75% Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the 9.75% Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the 9.75% Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the 9.75% Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the 9.75% Bonds are registered). The individual Bondholder may authorise NTM to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising NTM to vote, must then be returned to NTM in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that the 9.75% Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the NTM accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the 9.75% Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to NTM, to notify NTM by telephone or by e-mail (as set out at the first page of this letter) by 17.00 hours Oslo time (16.00 hours London time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely
Enclosure: - VPS statement/Power of attorney form.
6

