EXECUTION VERSION
BOND TERMS
FOR Coastal Holding AS FRN senior secured NOK 400,000,000 bonds 2017/2020
ISIN NO 001 0809619

Clause

Contents

1. INTERPRETATION

2. THE BONDS

_

3. THE BONDHOLDERS

4. ADMISSION TO LISTING

5. REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS

6. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

9. INTEREST

10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BONDS

11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS

13. PARENTUNDERTAKINGS

14. GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS

15. VESSEL UNDERTAKINGS

16. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS

17. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS

18. THE BOND TRUSTEE

19. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

20. MISCELLANEOUS

21. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Page
3 14 16 16 16 17 21 23 26 26 '" 29 30 31 32 35 36 39 44 48 49 51

2 (55)

BOND TERMS

ISSUER:

Coastal Holding AS (renamed from Startup 126 17 AS), a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 919 368098 and LEI code 6354005D3ZIINWA7PY14;

PARENT:

Silk TopCo AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 913 811 720; and

BOND TRUSTEE:

Nordic Trustee AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624 and LEI code 549300XAKTM2BMKIPT85.

DATED:

10 November 2017

These Bond Terms shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions The following terms will have the following meanings:

"Additional Security" means each Transaction Security listed in Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) under the heading "Additional Security".

"Affiliate" means, in relation to any specified person:

(a) any person which is a Subsidiary of the specified person;
(b) any person who has Decisive Influence over the specified person (directly or indirectly); and

(c) any person which is a Subsidiary of an entity who has Decisive Influence (directly or indirectly) over the specified person.
"Annual Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such financial statements to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report of the board of directors.

"Assignment of Earnings" means a first priority assignment of all earnings related to the Vessels (other than the earnings under the intra-group Bareboat Charter between the Issuer and Kirberg).
"Assignment of Insurances" means a first priority assignment in all relevant insurances related to a Vessel and the equipment related thereto.

3 (55)

"Attachment" means each of the attachments to these Bond Terms.
"Bareboat Charter Contracts" means the following charter contracts:
(a) the charter contract entered into by the Issuer with Hurtigruten AS for MS Richard With and the back-to-back charter contract entered into by SPV 1 with the Issuer; and
(b) the charter contract entered into by the Issuer with Hurtigruten AS for MS Nordlys, and the back-to-back charter contract entered into by Kirberg with the Issuer.
"Bond Terms" means these terms and conditions, including all Attachments hereto which shall form an integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.
"Bond Trustee" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
"Bond Trustee Fee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders as set out in Clause 17 (Bondholder's Decisions).
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms.
"Business Day" means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open for settlement, and commercial banks in Oslo are open for general business.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following).
"Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary Redemption - Call Option).
"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of Bonds.
"CSD" means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS).
4 (55)

"Change of Control Event" means an event where the Parent ceases to maintain 100 per cent. direct ownership in the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a statement substantially 10 the form as set out 10 Attachment I hereto.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding andlor other arrangement and/or through the ownership of shares andlor other ownership interests in another person (directly or indirectly):
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
"Default Notice" means a written notice to the Issuer as described 10 Clause 16.2 (Acceleration of the Bonds).
"Default Repayment Date" means the settlement date set out by the Bond Trustee in a Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds.
"Earnings Account" means each account to which payments shall be made by the charterer in accordance with a Bareboat Chatter Contract.
"Earnings Account Pledge" a first priority pledge over each Earnings Account (other than any Earnings Account held by Kirberg).
"Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer with DNB Bank ASA, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified in Clause 16 (Events of Default).
"Exchange" means Oslo Børs.
"Finance Documents" means these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement, any Transaction Security Document and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed and debit balances at banks or other financial institutions;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
5 (55)

(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument, including the Bonds;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease (meaning that the lease is capitalized as an asset and booked as a corresponding liability in the balance sheet);
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis provided that the requirements for de-recognition under GAAP are met);
(f) any derivative transaction entered into and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the termination or close-out of that derivative transaction, that amount shall be taken into account);
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability of a person which is not a Group Company which liability would fall within one of the other paragraphs of this definition;
(h) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which are redeemable (other than at the option of the Issuer) before the Maturity Date or are otherwise classified as borrowings under GAAP;
(i) any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement, if (a) the primary reason behind entering into the agreement is to raise finance or (b) the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due more than 120 calendar days after the date of supply;
(j) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as a borrowing under GAAP; and
(k) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (j) above.
"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements, the Interim Accounts and the annual and interim financial reports of the Parent or Silk BidCo (as applicable).
"Financial Support" means any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (whether actual or contingent).
"First Call Date" means the Interest Payment Date in November 2018.
"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting practices and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, International Financial Reporting
6 (55)

Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the Intemational Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Government Bond Rate" means the interest rate of debt securities instruments issued by the govemment of Norway the day falling two (2) Business Days before the notification to the Bondholders of the Make Whole Amount pursuant to paragraph (c) of Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option).
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Group Company" means any person which is a member of the Group.
"Guarantee" means the joint and several guarantees (Nw. selvskyldnerkausjon) or similar under Norwegian law from each of the Guarantors, each with a maximum guaranteed amount of NOK 400,000,000 (plus interest, costs and expenses), which shall constitute senior obligations of the Guarantors.
"Guarantors" means SilkBidCo, Spy 1 and Spy 2.
"IFRS" means Intemational Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the Intemational Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and as adopted by the European Union.
"Initial Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of each Bond as set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN a/the Bonds).
"Insolvent" means that a person:
(a) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due;
(b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or
(c) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its center of main interest as such tenn is understood pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended).
"Intercompany Loans" means any subordinated loans granted or to be granted from one Group Company to another Group Company.
"Intercompany Loan Pledge" means a first priority pledge over monetary claims under any Intercompany Loan (other than Intercompany Loans from Kirberg).
"Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period, the first Interest Payment Date being 16 February 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity Date.
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, the periods between 16 February, 16 May, 16 August and 16 November each year, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
7 (55)

"Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period plus the Margin.
"Interest Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be determined, the day falling two (2) Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for the quarterly period ending on each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year, prepared in accordance with GAAP.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 16 November 2017.
"Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer.
"Issuer Share Pledge" means a first priority Norwegian law pledge granted by the Parent over all of the shares (100%) in the Issuer.
"Kirberg Partnership Pledge" a first priority pledge granted by Spy 2 and the Issuer over their partnership interests (Nw. KS andeler) in Kirberg.
"Kirberg" means Kirberg Shipping KS, a kommandittselskap with registration number 985 792 151, being the sole legal and beneficial owner of MS Nordlys, which shall be jointly owned by SPY 2 as general partner (Nw. komplementary and the Issuer as owner of the partnership shares (Nw. kommandittist).
"Longstop Date" means the date falling 60 calendar days after the Issue Date.
"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of 102.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount of the redeemed Bonds as if such payment originally had taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of the remammg interest payments of the redeemed Bonds, less any accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds as at the Call Option Repayment Date, to the First Call Date,
where the present value shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points above the comparable Norwegian Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining Macauley duration of the Bonds from the Call Option Repayment Date until the First Call Date using linear interpolation), and where the interest rate applied for the remaining interest payments shall equal the Mid-Swap Rate plus the Margin (however so that the interest rate can never fall below the Margin).
8 (55)

"Managers" means Carnegie AS and DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets.
"Mandatory Redemption Date" means each settlement date for mandatory redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.5 (Mandatory Redemption - non-compliance with Upgrade Undertaking), Clause 10.6 (Mandatory Redemption - sale or disposal) or Clause 10.7 (Mandatory Redemption - Total Loss).
"Margin" means 4.00 per cent.
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Vessels determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the Vessels obtained from two independent and wellreputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Vessels appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the Issuer's or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents; or
(b) the validity or enforceability of any Finance Document.
"Maturity Date" means 16 November 2020, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mid-Swap Rate" means the linearly interpolated Reference Rate in the currency of the Bonds for the actual period on the day falling two Business Days before the notification to the Bondholders of the Make Whole Amount pursuant to paragraph (c) of Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or, if such is not quoted, the mid-swap rate for the leading banks in the relevant interbank market, based on the last quoted Reference Rate or mid-swap rate in the currency ofthe Bonds for the actual period.
"Mortgage" means a first priority mortgage over a Vessel including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Vesse1 under the appropriate law (including any deed of covenants supplemental to the Mortgage and to the security thereby created).
"MS Nordlys" means the vessel MS Nordlys with IMO number 9048914.
"MS Richard With" means the vessel MS Richard With with IMO number 9040429.
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partially redeemed pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase of Bonds).
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.
"Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds issued in accordance with these Bond Terms to the extent not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
9 (55)

"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by the Issuer under any of the Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Parent" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms. "Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.
"Paying Agent Agreement" means the agreement between the Issuer and the Paying Agent regarding inter alia the Issuer's appointment of the Paying Agent and the services to be rendered by the Paying Agent as registrar and paying agent for the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date. "Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means Financial Indebtedness: (a) incurred under the Finance Documents;
(b) incurred under Intercompany Loans; (c) incurred under Permitted Subordinated Loans;
(d) arising under hedging transactions of currency or interest rate in the ordinary course of business, and not being made for investment or speculative purposes; and
(e) not otherwise permitted above which at any time in aggregate does not exceed NOK 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and which is incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Permitted Financial Support" means any Financial Support: (a) provided under the Finance Documents;
(b) provided by a Group Company to and for the benefit of another Group Company, provided that the Issuer may only provide Intercompany Loans to Spy l and/or Spy 2; and
(c) not otherwise permitted above which at any time in aggregate does not exceed NOK 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and which is granted in the ordinary course of business.
"Permitted Security" means any Security: (a) created under the Finance Documents; and (b) arising by operation oflaw and in the ordinary course of business.
10(55)

"Permitted Subordinated Loans" means fully subordinated loans provided to the Issuer as borrower by Silk BidCo or any of its Subsidiaries as lender, where servicing of such loans shall be subject to Clause 14.16 (Payments - Permitted Subordinated Loans).
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event).
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event).
"Redemption Amount" means an amount calculated as:
(a) the higher of the Market Value and the Transaction Value of the relevant Vessel; divided by
(b) the aggregate Market Value of the Vessels; multiplied with
(c) the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Outstanding Bonds,
where:
(i) the calculation shall be made as per a calculation date determined by the Issuer, falling no earlier than five (5) Business Days prior to the Issuer giving notice of the relevant sale, disposal or Total Loss Event;
(ii) the Market Value of the Vessels shall be based on valuations dated no earlier than 20 Business Days prior to the date as of which the Redemption Amount is calculated.
"Reference Rate" shall mean NIDOR (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) being the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
"Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time;
11 (55)

(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and
(c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution:
(i) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons have been published; or,
(ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
"Repayment Date" means any Call Option Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, the Tax Event Repayment Date, the Longstop Date, the Mandatory Redemption Date or the Maturity Date.
"Required Upgrade Date" means 1 May 2019.
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent and the Bond Trustee on behalf of itself and the Bondholders.
"Securities Trading Act" means the Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee or any successor Security Agent, acting for and on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with any Security Agent Agreement or any other Finance Document.
"Security Agent Agreement" means any agreement whereby the Security Agent is appointed to act as such in the interest of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), and which from the time it is entered into shall be designated as a Finance Document.
"Silk BidCo" means Silk BidCo AS, a company registered in Norway with registration number 914 148324.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case maybe.
12 (55)

"SPV Share Pledges" means a first priority Norwegian law pledge granted by the Issuer over all of the shares (100%) in SPV 1 and SPV 2.
"SPV l" means Coastal I AS, a Norwegian single purpose limited liability company (Nw. aksjeselskap) with registration number 819 368 252, which shall be the sole legal and beneficial owner of MS Richard With, and a 100% directly owned subsidiary of the Issuer.
"SPV 2" means Coastal Il AS, a Norwegian single purpose limited liability company (Nw. aksjeselskap) with registration number 919 368 160, which shall be general partner (Nw. komplementar) in Kirberg, and a 100% directly owned subsidiary of the Issuer.
"Tax Event Repayment Date" means the date set out in a notice from the Issuer to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Early redemption option due to a tax event).
"Total Loss Event" means an event where there is an actual or constructive total loss of a Vessel.
"Transaction Security" means the Security created or expressed to be created in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents.
"Transaction Security Documents" means, collectively, the Escrow Account Pledge and all of the documents which shall be executed or delivered pursuant to Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) expressed to create any Security by the relevant grantor thereof in respect of the Issuer's obligations under any of the Finance Documents.
"Transaction Value" means, in connection with a sale or disposal of a Vessel, the actual sales price net of transaction costs and tax received by the seller from the relevant sale or disposal.
"Upgrade Undertaking" means the Issuer's undertaking to upgrade each Vessel for an amount of minimum NOK 110,000,000 within the Required Upgrade Date, at which date all such upgrades for both of the Vessels need to have been completed.
"Vessels" means MS Richard With and MS Nordlys.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one of those Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 17.5 (Written Resolutions).
1.2 Construction In these Bond Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number will include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of these Bond Terms;
13 (55)

(d) references to a time are references to Central European time unless otherwise stated;

(e) references to a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or reenacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;

(f) references to a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline by any official body;

(g) references to a "person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality;

(h) references to Bonds being "redeemed" means that such Bonds are cancelled and discharged in the CSD in a corresponding amount, and that any amounts so redeemed may not be subsequently re-issued under these Bond Terms;

(i) references to Bonds being "purchased" or "repurchased" by the Issuer means that such Bonds may be dealt with by the Issuer as set out in Clause 11.1 (Issuer's purchase of Bonds);

(j) references to persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Securities Trading Act; and

(k) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.

2.

THE BONDS

2.1 Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds (a) The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the amount ofNOK 400,000,000.

(b) The Bonds are denominated in Norwegian Kroner (NOK), being the legal currency of Norway.

(c) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is NOK 1.

(d) The ISIN of the Bonds is NO 001 0809619. All Bonds issued under the same ISIN will have identical terms and conditions as set out in these Bond Tenus.

2.2 Tenor of the Bonds
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.

2.3 Use of proceeds
The Issuer will use the net proceeds (net of legal costs, fees of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) from the issuance of the Bonds for (i) funding of the Group's acquisition of MS Richard With, (ii) funding of the Group's acquisition of Kirberg and (Hi) partly funding of the upgrades of MS Richard With and MS Nordlys.

14 (55)

2.4

Status of the Bonds

The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the

Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).

2.5 TransactionSecurity
(a) As Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Parent and the Issuer shall procure that the following Transaction Security is granted in favour of the Security Agent with first priority within the times agreed in Clause 6 (Conditionsfor disbursement):

Pre-Settlement Security:

(i) the Escrow Account Pledge;

Pre-Disbursement Security: (ii) the Mortgage in respect of MS Richard With;

(iii) the Issuer Share Pledge;

(iv) the SPY Share Pledges; (v) the Kirberg Partnership Pledge; (vi) the Intercompany Loan Pledge;

(vii) the Assignment of Earnings; (viii) the Assignment ofInsurances relating to MS Richard With; (ix) the Earnings Account Pledge; (x) the Guarantees; Additional Security:

(xi) the Mortgage in respect of MS Nordlys;
(xii) the Assignment ofInsurances related to MS Nordlys; and
(xiii) to the extent not previously provided, Assignment of Earnings and Earnings Account Pledge provided by Spy 2.

(b) The Transaction Security shall be entered into on such terms and conditions as the Bond Trustee in its discretion deems appropriate in order to create the intended benefit for the Secured Parties under the relevant document.

15 (55)

3.

THE BONDHOLDERS

3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders
(a) Upon registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Bondholders shall be bound by the terms and conditions of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document without any further action or formality being required to be taken or satisfied.

(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.

3.2 Limitation of rights of action
(a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.

(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

3.3 Bondholders' rights
(a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction to be the beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

4.

ADMISSIONTO LISTING

The Issuer shall apply for the Bonds to be admitted to listing on the Exchange.

5.

REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS

5.1 Registration in the CSD The Bonds shall be registered in dematerialised fonn in the CSD according to the relevant securities registration legislation and the requirements of the CSD.

16 (55)

5.2

Obligation to ensure correct registration

The Issuer will at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall immediately upon any amendment or variation of these Bond Terms give notice to the CSD of any such amendment or variation.

5.3 Country of issuance
The Bonds have not been issued under any other country's legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction. Save for the registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Issuer is under no obligation to register, or cause the registration of, the Bonds in any other registry or under any other legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction.

6.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

6.1 Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer Pre-Settlement

(a) Payment of the net proceeds (net of fees to the Managers and legal costs) from the issuance of the Bonds into the Escrow Account shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to the Issue Date each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i) these Bond Terms duly executed by all parties thereto;

(ii) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed by all parties thereto and perfected in accordance with applicable law;

(iii) copies of the Issuer's articles of association and certificate of registration;

(iv) copies of all corporate resolutions of the Issuer required for the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(v) unless included in the corporate resolutions, a copy of a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

(vi) copies of the Issuer's latest Financial Reports (if any);

(vii) confirmation that the applicable prospectus requirements (ref the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC)) concerning the issuance of the Bonds have been fulfilled;

(viii) confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the CSD;

(ix) copies of any written documentation used in marketing the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or any Manager in connection with the issuance of the Bonds;

17 (55)

(x) the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement duly executed by the parties thereto;
(xi) the Paying Agent Agreement duly executed by the parties thereto;
(xii) legal opinions or other statements as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Issuer and the legality, validity and enforceability of these Bond Terms and the Finance Documents); and
(xiii) confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred and IS continuing or will result from the issuance of the Bonds.
Pre-Disbursement
General:
(b) No proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds will be disbursed to the Issuer from the Escrow Account unless the Bond Trustee has received or is satisfied that it will receive in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to such disbursement to the Issuer each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(i) copies of the articles of association and certificate of registration of each of the Parent and Silk BidCo;
(ii) copies of the corporate resolutions of the Parent and Silk BidCo required for each of them to grant the Transaction Security and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(iii) unless included in the corporate resolutions, a copy of a power of attorney from each of the Parent and Silk BidCo to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of the Parent and Silk BidCo, respectively;
(iv) the Issuer Share Pledge, duly executed and perfected;
(v) a copy of the share register (Nw. aksjeeierboken) of the Issuer; and
(vi) the Guarantee provided by Silk BidCo, duly executed.
First Drawdown from the Escrow Account
(c) The Issuer may draw an amount of up to NOK 170,000,000 from the Escrow Account for the purpose of funding SPY l's acquisition of MS Richard With when the Bond Trustee has received the following documentation, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
18 (55)

(i) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer, including a statement that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;
(ii) copies of the articles of association and certificate of registration of Spy l;
(iii) copies of the corporate resolutions of SPY l required to grant the Transaction Security and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(iv) unless included in the corporate resolutions, a copy of a power of attorney from Spy l to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of Spy l;
(v) documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with Clause 2.3 (Use ofproceeds);
(vi) the Spy Share Pledge and the Intercompany Loan Pledge in respect of Spy l, the Mortgage, the Assignment of Earnings, the Earnings Account Pledge and the Assignment of Insurances in respect of MS Richard With, duly executed and perfected in accordance with applicable law;
(vii) a copy of the share register (Nw. aksjeeierboken) of SPY l;
(viii) the Guarantee provided by SPY 1 duly executed;
(ix) the Bareboat Charter Contracts for MS Richard With duly executed;
(x) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;
(xi) evidence that insurances related to MS Richard With have been taken out in accordance with the insurance requirements as set out in Clause 15.3 (Maintenance of insurances) (including, if so requested by the Bond Trustee, a confirmation from BankServe or other third party insurance advisor acceptable to the Bond Trustee and determination of the Market Value);
(xii) customary documents and certificates related to MS Richard With, including but not limited to protocol of delivery, class certificates and similar documents; and
(xiii) a pro-forma balance sheet dated on the release date showing that Spy 1 has no other Financial Indebtedness than such Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents or permitted thereunder, signed by a board member of SPY 1.
Second Drawdown from the Escrow Account
(d) The Issuer may draw an amount of up to NOK 170,000,000 from the Escrow Account for the purpose of funding Spy 2's and the Issuer's acquisition of Kirberg when the
19 (55)

Bond Trustee has received the following documentation, m form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer, including a statement that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(ii) copies of the articles of association and certificate of registration of SPY 2;

(iii) copies of the corporate resolutions of SPY 2 required to grant the Transaction Security and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(iv) unless included in the corporate resolutions, a copy of a power of attorney from SPY 2 to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of SPY 2;

(v) copies of the certificate of registration of Kirberg;

(vi) copies of the limited partnership agreement of Kirberg;

(vii) documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with Clause 2.3 (Use ofproceeds);

(viii) the Spy Share Pledge and the Intercompany Loan Pledge in respect of Spy 2, the Kirberg Partnership Pledge and the Assignment of Earnings and the Earnings Account Pledge in respect of MS Nordlys being duly executed and perfected in accordance with applicable law;
(ix) a copy of the share register (Nw. aksjeeierboken) of Spy 2;

(x) the Guarantee provided by Spy 2 duly executed;

(xi) the Bareboat Charter Contracts for MS Nordlys duly executed;

(xii) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in

form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

"""

(xiii) evidence that insurances related to MS Nordlys have been taken out in accordance with the insurance requirements as set out in Clause 15.3 (Maintenance of insurances) (including, if so requested by the Bond Trustee, a confirmation from BankServe or other third party insurance advisor acceptable to the Bond Trustee and determination of the Market Value);

(xiv) customary documents and certificates related to MS Nordlys, including but not limited to protocol of delivery, class certificates and similar documents; and
(xv) a pro-forma balance sheet dated on the release date showing that Spy 2 has no other Financial Indebtedness than such Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant

20 (55)

to the Finance Documents or permitted thereunder, signed by a board member of SPV2.
Drawdown of remaining amounts on the Escrow Account

(e) The remaining amount standing on the Escrow Account after the First Drawdown and the Second Drawdown shall be released to the Issuer when the Bond Trustee has received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i) evidence that the Group has received minimum NOK 170,000,000 financed by equity or Permitted Subordinated Loans to be used for upgrading the Vessels, including a subordination statement to the Bond Trustee from each lender providing a Permitted Subordinated Loan that the Permitted Subordinated Loan will be fully subordinated to the Bonds;

(H) documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with Clause 2.3 (Use of proceeds), including invoices or other documentation evidencing that the upgrades of the Vessels have started; and

(iii) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer, including a statement that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

(f) The Bond Trustee, acting in its reasonable discretion, may waive the deadline or the requirements for documentation set out in this Clause 6.l (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer), or decide in its discretion that delivery of certain documents as set out in this Clause 6.l (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) shall be made subject to an agreed closing procedure between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer.

6.2 Distribution
Disbursement of the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds is conditional on the Bond Trustee's confirmation to the Paying Agent that the conditions in Clause 6.l (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) have been either satisfied in the Bond Trustee's discretion or waived by the Bond Trustee pursuant to paragraph (c) of Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) above.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause O (Representations and warranties), in respect of itself and in respect of each Group Company and/or Obligor to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a) at the Issue Date; and

(b) on each date of disbursement of proceeds from the Escrow Account.

21 (55)

7.1

Status

It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.2 Power and authority It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.3 Valid, bindingand enforceableobligations
These Bond Terms and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

7.4 Non-conflictwith otherobligations
The entry into and performance by it of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

7.5 No Event of Default
(a) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under these Bond Terms or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(b) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.6 Authorizationsand consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and

(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by these Bond Terms,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

22 (55)

7.7 Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

7.8 Financial Reports
Its most recent Financial Reports fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the most recent Financial Reports, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.10 No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of the issuance of the Bonds was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

7.11 No withholdings
No Obligor is required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under these Bond Terms.

7.12 Pari passu ranking
Its payment obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 2.4 (Status of the Bonds).

7.13 Security
As from the date the Transaction Security shall be provided in accordance with these Bond Terms, no Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with these Bond Terms.

8.

PAYMENTSIN RESPECTOF THE BONDS

8.1 Covenantto pay
(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.

(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD.

23 (55)

(c) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Bond Terms will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
(d) If a Payment Date or a date for other payments to the Bondholders pursuant to the Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant currency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such payment in the relevant Finance Document.
8.2 Default interest (a) Default interest will accrue on any Overdue Amount from and including the Payment Date on which it was first due to and excluding the date on which the payment is made at the Interest Rate plus an additional three (3) per cent. per annum.
(b) Default interest accrued on any Overdue Amount pursuant to this Clause 8.2 (Default interest) will be added to the Overdue Amount on each Interest Payment Date until the Overdue Amount and default interest accrued thereon have been repaid in full.
8.3 Partial payments (a) If the Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents (a "Partial Payment"), such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the Issuer's debt under the Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the Issuer in the following order of priority:
(i) firstly, towards any outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses of the Bond Trustee (and any Security Agent);
(ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid; and
(iii) thirdly, towards any principal amount due but unpaid.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Partial Payment which is distributed to the Bondholders shall, subject to paragraph (c) below, be applied pro rata pursuant to the procedures of the CSD towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid and of any principal amount due but unpaid.
(c) A Bondholders' Meeting can only resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment will be reduced if there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, however, the meeting may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
24 (55)

8.4 Taxation (a) Each Obligor is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms on any payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Issuer shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents:
(i) gross up the amount of the payment due from the it up to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been required; and
(ii) at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax deduction or withholding has been made.
(c) Any stamp duty or other public fees accruing in connection with the issuance of the Bonds or the Transaction Security Documents shall be paid by the Issuer.
(d) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
8.5 Currency (a) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds). If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account.
(b) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its account manager in the CSD) within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.
8.6 Set-off and counterclaims No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document.
25 (55)

9.

INTEREST

9.1

Calculation of interest

(a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.

(b) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis). The Interest Rate will be reset at each Interest Quotation Day by the Bond Trustee, who will notify the Issuer and the Paying Agent and, if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange, of the new Interest Rate and the actual number of calendar days for the next Interest Period.

(c) Any interpolation of the interest rate will be quoted with the number of decimals corresponding to the quoted number of decimals of the Reference Rate.

9.2 Payment ofInterest
Interest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period and, with respect to accrued interest on the principal amount then due and payable, on each Repayment Date.

10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BONDS
10.1 Redemption of Bonds The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.

10.2 Voluntary early redemption - Call Option (a) The Issuer may redeem all but not only some of the Outstanding Bonds (the "Call Option ") on any Business Day from and including:

(i) the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to the Make Whole Amount;

(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in May 2019 at a price equal to 102.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;

(iii) the Interest Payment Date in May 2019 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in November 2019 at a price equal to 101.75 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;

(iv) the Interest Payment Date in November 2019 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in May 2020 at a price equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond; and

26 (55)

(v) the Interest Payment Date in May 2020 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond.
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than 20, Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option ") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 1 O 1 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 60 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Change of Control Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.4 (Change of Control Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the 60 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written
27 (55)

notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 20 Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory Redemption - non-compliance with Upgrade Undertaking (a) If the Issuer:
(i) has not complied with the Upgrade Undertaking within the Required Upgrade Date; or
(ii) decides that it will not carry out any upgrades ofthe Vessels and such decision is made before the Required Upgrade Date,
the Issuer shall redeem up to NOK 110,000,000 principal amount of Bonds for each Vessel.
(b) If any of the Vessels have been upgraded for an amount lower than NOK 110,000,000, the redemption amount in respect of such Vessel shall be reduced by the amount actually used for upgrades of that Vessel.
(c) Redemption of the Bonds shall:
(i) in the event of non-compliance with the Upgrade Undertaking as set out in paragraph (a)(i) above, be made on the day falling 20 Business Days after the Required Upgrade Date at 101.75 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond; or
(ii) in the event of a decision not to carry out any upgrades of the Vessels as set out in paragraph (a)(ii) above, be made on the day falling 20 Business Days after the notification to the Bond Trustee at a price equal to the applicable call price at that time pursuant to paragraph (a) of Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption Call Option).
10.6 Mandatory Redemption - sale or disposal (a) Upon a sale or disposal of a Vessel, the Issuer shall, on or about the day the Issuer receives the proceeds from the relevant sale or disposal, redeem a principal amount of Bonds equivalent to the Redemption Amount at the redemption prices equal to the applicable call price at that time pursuant to paragraph (a) of Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) (determined based on the date the sale or disposal occurred and not based on the date the repayment is carried out).
(b) After a sale or disposal has occurred and prepayment of Bonds has been carried out, the Bond Trustee shall upon the request and cost of the Issuer, release the Security relating solely to the Vessel sold or otherwise disposed of.
(c) The net proceeds received from a sale or disposal after deducting (i) the amount payable in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Clause 10.6 and (ii) any fees or expenses related to the sale or other disposal, shall be transferred to the Issuer.
28 (55)

10.7 Mandatory Redemption - Total Loss
Upon a Total Loss Event occurring, the Issuer shall as soon as it receives insurance proceeds, and in any event no later than 120 calendar days following the Total Loss Event, redeem a principal amount of Bonds equivalent to the Redemption Amount at 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond.

10.8 Mandatory Redemption - Longstop Date (a) If, on the Longstop Date:

(i) the conditions precedent for the First Drawdown from the Escrow Account pursuant to paragraph (c) of Clause 6 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) have not been fulfilled, the Issuer shall redeem NOK 200,000,000 principal amount of Bonds;

(ii) the conditions precedent for the Second Drawdown from the Escrow Account pursuant to paragraph (d) of Clause 6 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) have not been fulfilled, the Issuer shall redeem NOK 200,000,000 principal amount of Bonds; or

(iii) neither the conditions precedent referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above, nor the conditions precedent referred to in sub-paragraph (ii) above have been fulfilled, the Issuer shall redeem all the Bonds,

in each case at a price of 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus accrued interest, by inter alia applying the funds deposited on the Escrow Account for such redemption,

(b) The Issuer shall carry out the redemption of Bonds in accordance with paragraph (a) above no later than 20 calendar days after the Longstop Date.

11. 11.1

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion, including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event).

11.2

Restrictions
(a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.

29 (55)

12.

INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS

12.1 Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 calendar days after the end of the financial year.

(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on the relevant website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 calendar days after the end of the relevant interim period.

(c) The Bond Trustee may, and shall upon request from a Bondholder, distribute to the Bondholders any Financial Report delivered pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b) above.

12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its Financial Reports pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports ), however only once for each relevant reporting period, a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the Financial Report attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Issuer, certifying inter alia that the Financial Reports are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of those Financial Reports.

(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.

12.3 Report on Market Value
(a) The Issuer shall, at its own expense, arrange for the Market Value to be determined and reported semi-annually to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders). Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms between a willing seller and a willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment.

(b) The independent valuations used to determine the Market Value shall be delivered to the Bond Trustee:

(i) the first time m connection with the first disbursement from the Escrow Account; and

(ii) at any time thereafter, semi-annually included in the Compliance Certificate to be delivered together with the Financial Reports pursuant to paragraph (a) of Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) for each reporting date ending on 30 June and 31 December in any financial year.

(c) The Bond Trustee may upon request from a Bondholder share the reports on Market Value with the Bondholders.

30 (55)

12.4 Change of Control Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Change of Control Event has occurred.
12.5 Vessel's name, class, flag etc. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee of any changes to name, flag, class or registry of a Vessel prior to any such changes becoming effective.
12.6 Information:Miscellaneous The Issuer shall:
(a) promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default or any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or could reasonably be expected to understand may lead to an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it);
(b) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds (to the best of its knowledge, having made due and appropriate enquiries);
(c) send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, demergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(d) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(e) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bonds, and any changes to such rating;
(f) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the CSD; and
(g) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's and the Group's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13. PARENT UNDERTAKINGS The Parent undertakes to:
(a) not carry out any demerger or other corporate reorganisation involving a split into two or more separate companies or entities if such transaction has a Material Adverse Effect;
(b) not cease to carry on its business, if such cessation would have a Material Adverse Effect, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business from that carried on at the date of these Bond Terms and/or as set out in these Bond Terms;
(c) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it may be subject to from time to time;
31 (55)

(d) procure to deliver on its own accord the annual audited and quarterly interim unaudited reports of either the Parent or Silk BidCo (on a consolidated basis), which shall be made available on the relevant website (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee for publishing on www.stamdata.no) as soon as they are made available, and not later than 120 calendar days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 calendar days after the end of the relevant interim period; and
(e) procure that upgrade cost not covered by proceeds from the Bonds are financed with proceeds from new equity of Permitted Subordinated Loans.
14. GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 14 (General undertaldngs).
14.1 Authorisations The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, in all material respects obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval, license and consent required for the conduct of its business as carried out at the date of these Bond Terms if a failure to do so would have Material Adverse Effect.
14.2 Compliance with laws and conduct of business The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will:
(a) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations to which it may be subject from time to time, if failure so to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect; and
(b) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.
14.3 Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.
14.4 Change of business (a) The Issuer shall:
(i) not cease to canyon its business if such cessation would have a Material Adverse Effect; and
(ii) procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of these Bond Terms and/or as set out in these Bond Terms.
14.5 Mergers and demergers (a) The Issuer shall not carry out:
32 (55)

(i) any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving the consolidation of assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other person, other than with a Group Company; or

(ii) any demerger or other corporate reorganisation involving a split of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities;

if such merger, demerger, combination Adverse Effect.

or reorganisation

would have a Material

14.6 Financial Indebtedness
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured).

(b) Paragraph (a) above shall not prohibit any Group Company to incur, maintain or prolong any Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

14.7 Negative pledge
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, create or allow to subsist any Security over any of its/their assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect.

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Security.

14.8 Financial support (a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, be a creditor in respect of any Financial Support.

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Financial Support.

14.9 Preservation of Security The Issuer shall, and shall procure that:

(a) the Transaction Security Documents remain in full force and effect; and

(b) each Transaction Security Document remains duly created, enforceable and perfected with first priority, and do all acts and things necessary in relation thereto, at the expense of the Issuer or the relevant security provider (as the case may be).

14.10

Additional Security
In the event Kirberg is dissolved, the Issuer shall procure that SPY 2 becomes the owner of MS Nordlys and that the Additional Security is granted in favour of the Bond Trustee (to the extent permitted by applicable law and such security documents to include customary limitations) .

33 (55)

14.11

Disposals
The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Issuer Group, unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with the Mandatory Redemption provisions as provided for in Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase of Bonds).

14.12

Arm's length basis
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

14.13

Dividends
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares, servicing of shareholder loans or other capital distributions to its shareholders (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any shares issued by any party).

14.14

Sale- and leaseback
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company will, enter into any sale- and leaseback transactions other than any sale- and leaseback transactions entered into in connection with the acquisition of the Vessels as provided for in Clause 2.3 (Use of Proceeds).

14.15

Investments
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, make any investments or capital expenditures, other than solely related to upgrades and operation of the Vessels.

14.16

Payments - Permitted Subordinated Loans
The Issuer shall not make any cash payment of principal, interest or any other amount under any Permitted Subordinated Loan.

14.17

Payments - Earnings Accounts
The Issuer shall procure that all payments under each Bareboat Charter Contract is made to the relevant Earnings Account and that payments from any Earnings Account in the Issuer are only made (i) to a Subsidiary, (ii) for servicing Financial Indebtedness under the Finance Documents and/or (iii) in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer.

14.18

Financial covenants - most favoured lender!
In the event that the Parent and/or Silk BidCo and/or any of its Subsidiaries, becomes subject to financial covenant requirements to be complied with at all times (maintenance covenants) under any existing or future capital markets debt financing:

(a) the Parent shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee thereof; and

(b) the Parent, Silk BidCo and the Issuer shall:

l Does not seem to be a defined tenn rf. Wiersholm comment.

34 (55)

(i) permit the Bonds to benefit from the same financial maintenance covenants on the Parent and/or Silk BidCo and/or any of its Subsidiaries (as applicable); and
(ii) procure that such financial maintenance covenants (including applicable calculation principles) are implemented in the Bond Terms through an amendment agreement no later than 20 Business Days after the Parent's notification to the Bond Trustee in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
15. VESSELUNDERTAKINGS 15.1 Operations, class and flag
The Parent shall procure that:
(a) the Vessels are operated in all material respects in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and good industry standards;
(b) the Vessels maintain flag and class and remain registered in the Norwegian ship register (NIS or NOR) or another ship registry acceptable to the Bond Trustee and in consistency with prudent ownership and good industry standards.
15.2 Maintenance of Vessels (a) The Parent shall procure that the Vessels and all relevant equipment related thereto are reasonably and satisfactorily maintained at all times.
(b) During operation of the Vessels, the Issuer shall ensure that the Vessels are properly maintained and kept in good and safe condition and that repairs are consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards.
15.3 Insurances The Parent shall procure that:
(a) insurance of the Vessels are taken out and maintained with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters, including adequate insurance arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice in their relevant jurisdiction; and
(b) the aggregate value of the hull and machinery insurance, hull interest insurance and freight interest insurance shall be at least equal to the higher of 100 per cent. of the Market Value and 120 per cent. of the principal amount of Bonds outstanding, less any amount on the Escrow Account, at any time?

2 Ok to delete paragraph (c). Will be covered in the security documents.

35 (55)

15.4 Technical inspection of the Vessels The Parent shall upon request of the Bond Trustee, arrange for the Bond Trustee, and/or any person appointed by the Bond Trustee, to undertake a technical inspection of the Vessels without interference of the daily operation of the Vessels and at the expense of the Issuer (however limited to maximum one (1) yearly inspection per Vessel unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing).
15.5 Bareboat Charter Contracts The Issuer shall ensure that:
(a) each of the Bareboat Charter Contracts are entered into on arm's length terms with a minimum term of five (S) years; and
(b) no amendments, supplements, variations or waiver of the terms of the Bareboat Charter Contracts are made if any such amendment, supplement, variation or waiver would have a Material Adverse Effect.
16. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS 16.1 Events of Default
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 16.1 shall constitute an Event of Default:
(a) Non-payment
An Obligor fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents when such amount is due for payment, unless:
(i) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error in payment systems or the CSD and payment is made within five (S) Business Days following the original due date; or
(ii) in the discretion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer has substantiated that it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (S) Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach of other obligations
An Obligor does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents other than set out under paragraph (a) (Non-payment) above, unless such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within 20 Business Days after the earlier of the Issuer's actual knowledge thereof, or notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(e) Misrepresentation
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under or in connection with any Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or
36 (55)

deemed to have been made, unless the circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within 20 Business Days of the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer becoming aware of such misrepresentation.
(d) Cross default
If for any Group Company or Silk BidCo or its Subsidiaries:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
provided however that the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above exceeds a total ofNOK 100,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency).
(e) Insolvency and insolvencyproceedings
Any Group Company:
(i) is Insolvent; or
(ii) is object of any corporate action or any legal proceedings is taken in relation to:
(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than a solvent liquidation or reorganization; or
(B) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor which may materially impair the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(C) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
37 (55)

(D) enforcement of any Security over any of its or their assets having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 16.l (d) (Cross default) above; or
(E) for (A) - (D) above, any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any such company,
however this shall not apply to any petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 20 Business Days of commencement.
(f) Creditor's process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of a Group Company having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 16.l (d) (Cross default) above and is not discharged within 20 Business Days.
(g) Unlawfulness
It is or becomes unlawful for any Obligor to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Finance Documents to the extent this may materially impair:
(i) the ability of an Obligor to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(ii) the ability of the Bond Trustee or any Security Agent to exercise any material right or power vested to it under the Finance Documents.
16.2 Accelerationof the Bonds If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, or upon instruction received from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 16.3 (Bondholders' instructions) below, by serving a Default Notice:
(a) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable on demand at which time they shall become immediately due and payable on demand by the Bond Trustee;
(b) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or
Cc) exercise or direct the Security Agent to exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Finance Documents or take such further measures as are necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents.
16.3 Bondholders'instructions The Bond Trustee shall serve a Default Notice pursuant to Clause 16.2 (Acceleration of the Bonds) if:
38 (55)

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing from Bondholders representing a simple majority of the Voting Bonds, that an Event of Default shall be declared, and a Bondholders' Meeting has not made a resolution to the contrary; or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting, by a simple majority decision, has approved the declaration of an Event of Default.
16.4 Calculation of claim The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of the serving of a Default Notice will be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) as applicable at the following dates (and regardless of the Default Repayment Date set out in the Default Notice):
(a) for any Event of Default arising out of a breach of Clause 16.l (Events of Default) paragraph (a) (Non-payment), the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when such Event of Default occurred; and
(b) for any other Event of Default, the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when the Default Notice was served by the Bond Trustee.
17. BONDHOLDERS'DECISIONS 17.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting may, on behalf of the Bondholders, resolve to alter any of these Bond Terms, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(c) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause 18.1 (Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(d) At least 50% of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders' Meeting for a quorum to be present.
(e) Resolutions will be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (f) below.
(f) Save for any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to Clause 19.1 (Procedure for amendments and ·waivers) paragraph (a), section (i) and (ii), a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment of any provisions of these Bond Terms, including a change ofIssuer and change of Bond Trustee.
39 (55)

17.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in writing of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (lO) Business Days after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders' Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the Bondholders' Meeting.
(f) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase of Bonds).
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders'
40 (55)

Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power of attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative").The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
G) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
(1) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
17.3 Voting rules (a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights). The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
Cc) For the purposes of this Clause 17 (Bondholders' decisions), a Bondholder that has a Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3
41 (55)

(Bondholders' rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders'rights) stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will have the deciding vote.
17.4 Repeated Bondholders'Meeting (a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 17.1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 17.1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting), Clause 17.2 (Procedurefor arranging a Bondholders'Meeting) and Clause 17.3 (Voting rules) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 17.1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 17.5 (Written Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders'Meeting) and vice versa.
17.5 Written Resolutions (a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 17.1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
42 (55)

(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.
(d) The provisions set out in Clause 17.l (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting), 17.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholder's Meeting), Clause 17.3 (Voting Rules) and Clause 17.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:
(i) the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 17.2 (Procedurefor arranging Bondholders Meetings); or
(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 17.5 (Written Resolution),
shall not apply to a Written Procedure.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 17.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date of the Summons.
(f) Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders'rights), will be counted in the Written Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of Clause 17.1 (Authority of Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a
43 (55)

decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 17.1 (Authority of Bondholders' Meeting).

18. 18.1

THE BONDTRUSTEE
Power to representthe Bondholders
(a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.

(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, information and other assistance (in fonn and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.

18.2

The duties and authorityof the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.

(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or any other Obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance ofthe Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.

(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.

(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.

(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on separated accounts.

44 (55)

(f) The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other Finance Document, or any applicable law.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(h) If the cost, loss or liability which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(i) complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or
(ii) taking any action at its own initiative,
will not, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be covered by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) of Clause 18.4 (Liability and indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(i) The BondTrustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
G) The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
18.3 Equality and conflicts of interest (a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
18.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage
45 (55)

caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has:
(i) acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts; or
(ii) acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Bond Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay any action.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due to an Event of Default, the Issuer being Insolvent or similar circumstances pertaining to the Obligors, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent in connection therewith. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds
46 (55)

being subject to Transaction Security, and to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses from those funds.
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 16.3 (Bondholders' instructions) or Clause 17.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting)), the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that instruction and/or who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.
18.5 Replacementof the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 17 (Bondholders' Decision), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 18.5 (Replacement of the Bond Trustee), initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this Clause 18.5 (Replacement of the Bond Trustee).The Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(d) The change of Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.
18.6 SecurityAgent (a) The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bonds, unless any other person is appointed. The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under the Transaction Security Documents with respect to the Transaction Security on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents.
47 (55)

(b) The Bond Trustee shall, when acting as Security Agent for the Bonds, at all times maintain and keep all certificates and other documents received by it, that are bearers of right relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for or required to insure against any loss incurred in connection with such safe custody.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other party to a Finance Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters, whether or not a separate Security Agent Agreement has been entered into.
(e) The provisions set out in Clause 18.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any expenses and liabilities of the Security Agent in connection with the Finance Documents.
19. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 19.1 Procedure for amendments and waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the Bondholders in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders III accordance with Clause 7 (Bondholders' Decisions).
(b) Any changes to these Bond Terms necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee shall be documented in an amendment to these Bond Terms, signed by the Bond Trustee (in its discretion). If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Transaction Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
48 (55)

19.2 Authority with respect to documentation If the Bondholders have resolved the substance of an amendment to any Finance Document, without resolving on the specific or final form of such amendment, the Bond Trustee shall be considered authorised to draft, approve and/or finalise (as applicable) any required documentation or any outstanding matters in such documentation without any further approvals or involvement from the Bondholders being required.
19.3 Notification of amendments or waivers The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with this Clause 19 (Amendments and waivers), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly registered with the CSD.
20. MISCELLANEOUS
20.1 Limitation of claims All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
20.2 Accessto information (a) These Bond Terms will be made available to the public and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee will not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or any other person, and the Bondholders have no right to obtain information from the Bond Trustee, other than as explicitly stated in these Bond Terms or pursuant to statutory provisions of law.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
(c) The information referred to in paragraph (b) above may only be used for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
20.3 Notices,contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such no-tice or communication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from the CSD.
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be
49 (55)

given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;
(ii) ifby e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by fax, when received.
(c) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall each ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(d) When determining deadlines set out in these Bond Terms, the following will apply (unless otherwise stated):
(i) if the deadline is set out in days, the first day of the relevant period will not be included and the last day of the relevant period will be included;
(ii) if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline will end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline will be the last day of such month; and
(iii) if a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline IS postponed to the next Business Day.
20.4 Defeasance (a) Subject to paragraph (b) below and provided that:
(i) An amount sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (including, to the extent applicable, any premium payable upon exercise of the Call Option), and always subject to paragraph (c) below (the "Defeasance Amount") is credited by the Issuer to an account in a financial institution acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Account");
(ii) the Defeasance Account is irrevocably pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee on such terms as the Bond Trustee shall request (the "Defeasance Pledge"); and
(iii) the Bond Trustee has received such legal opinions and statements reasonably required by it, including (but not necessarily limited to) with respect to the validity and enforceability of the Defeasance Pledge,
then;
(A) the Issuer will be relieved from its obligations under Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) paragraph (a), Clause 12.4 (Change of Control Event), Clause 12.6 (Information: miscellaneous),
50 (55)

Clause 13 (Parent Undertakings) and Clause 14 (General undertakings) and Clause 15 (Vessel undertakings);
(B) any Transaction Security shall be released and the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered replacement of the Transaction Security; and
(C) any Obligor shall be released from any Guarantee or other obligation applicable to it under any Finance Document.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to apply any amount credited to the Defeasance Account towards any amount payable by the Issuer under any Finance Document on the due date for the relevant payment until all obligations of the Issuer and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents are repaid and discharged in full.
(c) The Bond Trustee may, if the Defeasance Amount cannot be finally and conclusively determined, decide the amount to be deposited to the Defeasance Account in its discretion, applying such buffer amount as it deems required.
A defeasance established according to this Clause 20.4 may not be reversed.
21. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 21.1 Governing law
These Bond Terms are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
21.2 Main jurisdiction The Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that the City Court of the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms, The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms against the Issuer or any of its assets may be brought in such court.
21.3 Alternative jurisdiction Clause 21 (Governing law and jurisdiction) is for the exclusive benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right:
(a) to commence proceedings against the Issuer or any other Obligor or their respective assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and
(b) to commence such proceedings, including enforcement proceedings, in any competent jurisdiction concurrently.
-----000-----
51 (55)

These Bond Terms have been executed in three originals, of which the Issuer, the Parent and the Bond Trustee shall retain one each.
52 (55)

SIGNATURES:

T-h-Isesu-er-:. --::S:;---:------:;:c-~

COBS/t,aIFlOldlng~0;

_,//. //

-

/

/.< (' . ............. . ~

.

By:

Position:

.

?
The Parent:
Silk TopCo AS

s;:' ·M~~""e.M-\ ~ /,/d~/~... ;

V\LV" . c..",t- c:.

Positi·on: '"~.· ((. c.··:'I;e>

_

As Bond Trus tee and Security Agent. Nor dile Trustee AS

53 (55)

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
[date] Dear Sirs, Coastal Holding AS FRN Senior Secured Bonds 2017/2020 ISIN NO 001 0809619 We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) of the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued in connection with each delivery of Financial Reports to the Bond Trustee. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [.]. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. With reference to Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) we hereby certify that all information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. Copies of our latest consolidated [Annual Financial Statements] 1 [Interim Accounts] and [the Parent's] 1 [Silk BidCo's] latest consolidated [annual] / [interim] accounts are enclosed. [The requirements for minimum insured value set out in Clause 15.3 (Insurances) are met, please see the calculations and reports on Market Value attached hereto.]' We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur.
Yours faithfully, Coastal Holding AS
Name of authorised person Enclosure: Financial Reports (including [the Parent's) / [Silk BidCo's} latest accounts); [reports on Market Value}; [and any other written documentation}
3 To be included in the Compliance Certificates delivered in respect of each reporting period ending on 30 June and 31 December. 54 (55)

SCHEDULE2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT
[date] Dear Sirs, Coastal Holding AS FRN Senior Secured Bonds 2017/2020 ISIN NO 001 0809619 We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount ofNOK and [amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Terms, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount. We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of the release from the Escrow Account, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Terms as being still true and accurate in all material respects at the date hereof.
Yours faithfully, Coastal Holding AS
Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]
55 (55)

