NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0691017 15 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable NO 001 0699846 Bond Issue 2013/2014 (the "Bond Issue") NO 001 0701352 NO 001 0705676 NO 001 0714777
Oslo, 2 December 2014
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Proposal to extend the Maturity Date, waive accrued interest, reduce the interest rate and increase the aggregate amount 1. INTRODUCTION Nordic Trustee ASA is appointed as Bond Trustee for the above mentioned Bond Issue. Terms defined in the Bond Agreement have the same meaning when used herein. The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information. 2. BACKGROUND 2.1 Introduction The Issuer currently has two bond issues, the Bond Issue and the "25 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable Open Bond Issue 2012/2014 (the "Second Priority Bond Issue"). The maturity date for both the Bond Issue and the Second Priority Bond Issue is 30 December 2014. The Issuer's main asset, the commercial shopping centre Lumini (the "Lumini Project") had its Grand Opening on 27 March 2014. Today's occupancy ratio is approximately 89% and the centre is generating positive cash flow from the operations.

P0 Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

There is however still need to fund the continued business and development of the Lumini Project in order to secure up to 100% occupancy ratio, the Kupinec Project and the Issuer in general. The Issuer does not have the necessary funds available to repay its bonds issues on the maturity date and a full refinancing of the bond issues through a bank facility has not been possible due to the challenging financial environment in Croatia.
The additional working and investment capital need is planned to be financed through additional new tranches under the Bond Issue combined with a share capital increase. In December 2014 the Issuer plans to issue a new tranche 6 under the Bond Issue in an amount up to approximately NOK 4 million, by utilizing the existing frame under the Bond Issue up to NOK 96 million (currently approximately NOK 92 million is used). The remaining capital requirement of the Issuer is planned to be financed as soon as possible through additional new tranches of up to NOK 22 million under the Bond Issue (provided the Bondholders' Meeting approves an expansion of the current frame up to NOK 118 million) - as well as a share capital increase with net proceeds of minimum NOK 4 million. The Issuer intends to use an underwriting syndicate to guarantee for the minimum amount in the share capital increase of NOK 4 million. The amount subscribed for in the share capital increase by the syndicate will be limited to NOK 10 million, but the size of the share capital increase itself may exceed this maximum amount.
To address the Issuer's current financial situation and the related matters above, the Issuer is proposing certain amendments to the Bond Agreement as set out below in Section 2.2.
The Issuer also proposes the same extension of the maturity date and the waiving and reduction of interest, as well as other similar amendments, to the bondholders in the Second Priority Bond Issue.
2.2 Amendments to the Bond Agreement
2.2.1 Extension of the Maturity Date
The Maturity Date of the Bond Issue is 30 December 2014. The Issuer is currently not capable of repaying the Bond Issue on the Maturity Date, as mainly the Lumini Project and the Kupinec Project require capital and refinancing of the Bond Issue through a bank facility has not been possible due to the challenging financial environment in Croatia. Consequently the Issuer requests that the Bondholders' Meeting consents to extending the Maturity Date under the Bond Issue to 30 June 2017.
2.2.2 Waiver of accrued interest
Since the Issuer currently does not have funds available to service interest on the Bond Issue in addition to developing its current business projects, the Issuer proposes that accrued interest under the Bond Issue from 1 July 2014 to 31 December 2014 of approximately NOK 6.8 million is waived without any compensation to the Bondholders.
2

2.2.3 Reduction of the interest rate and payment of interest
The current interest rate under the Bond Issue is 15% p.a. In order to improve the general financial condition of the Issuer and cater for future interest payments, the Issuer proposes that the interest rate under the Bond Issue is reduced to 4% p.a. from 1 January 2015.
Payment of accrued interest for all tranches (including all potential new tranches) from 1 January 2015 under the Bond Issue is proposed to be made on 1 January 2016 and on a quarterly basis thereafter.
2.2.4 Increase of the maximum aggregate amount of the Bond Issue
The Issuer proposes that the maximum aggregate amount of the Bond Issue is increased from NOK 96 million to NOK 118 million in order to enable the Issuer to issue additional tranches up to a total aggregate amount of NOK 22 million - to fund the continued business and development of the Lumini Project, the Kupinec Project and the Issuer in general.
2.3 Increase of the amount under the Security Interests (mortgage bonds) for the Bond Issue
Provided that the extension of the Maturity Date and the increase of the aggregate amount under the Bond Issue are approved, the Issuer will, if required, take necessary action to ensure that the Security Interests (mortgage bonds) in place for the Bond Issue provide sufficient coverage.
2.4 Proposed changes to the Second Priority Bond Issue
The Issuer has also proposed several amendments to the bond agreement for the Second Priority Bond Issue. The Issuer's proposal is conditional upon consent from the bondholders in the Second Priority Bond Issue. If the bondholders in either the Bond Issue or the Second Priority Bond Issue vote against the proposals put forward by the Issue, the proposed changes will not be effected and the Issuer is likely to default on its bond debt.
For more detailed information, please contact:
Rolf Selseng CEO EELD AS Telephone: + 47 934 48 630 Email: rolf@straumeas.no
Robert Hagen CFO EELD AS Telephone: +47 997 98 833 Email: Robert.Hagen@eeld.no
3

3. THE PROPOSAL
The Issuer requests that the Bondholders consent to:
(i) extending the Maturity Date under the Bond Issue to 30 June 2017; (ii) waiving all accrued interest under the Bond Issue from 1 July 2014 to 31 December 2014
without any compensation; (iii) reducing the interest rate of the Bond Issue to 4% p.a. with effect from 1 January 2015,
with first interest payment being made by the Issuer on 1 January 2016 covering all accrued interest for 2015 (no capitalisation), and on a quarterly basis thereafter; and (iv) increasing the maximum aggregate loan amount under the Bond Issue to NOK 118 million. The items in (i) to (iv) are jointly referred to as the "Proposal" and the Bondholders will be requested to vote jointly for all items. Implementation of the Proposal is conditional upon the following: (i) the bondholders in the Second Priority Bond Issue consenting to the Issuer's proposal to be put forward in the same meeting as the Proposal; and (ii) the shareholders of the Issuer resolving the necessary share capital increase to convert accrued interest under the Second Priority Bond Issue to share capital. The extraordinary general meeting is planned to be held on 18 December 2014. 4. USE OF PROCEEDS
The Proposal does not generate any proceeds as such, but will make it possible to issue additional tranches under the Bond Issue as well as releasing the Issuer from its obligation to pay accrued interest and thus contribute to the Issuer's continued operation and improve the Issuer's general financial condition.
5. NO COMPENSATION
The proposed changes to the Bond Issue will - in the view of the Issuer - benefit the Bondholders and the Group, and the Issuer is therefore of the view that under the current circumstances it is not appropriate to offer any remuneration to the Bondholders.
6. ISSUER'S EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL
It is the clear opinion of the Issuer that the proposed changes to the Bond Issue is both necessary and beneficial for the Issuer's stakeholders as it is required to secure the future operation of the business of the Issuer.
4

7. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
In accordance with the relevant provisions under the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' meeting in respect of the Bond Issue to obtain the Bondholders' consent to the Proposal.
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

16 December 2014 at 10:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Voting over the Proposal.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

1. The Proposal is approved by the Bondholders' Meeting.
2. The Bond Trustee is given power of attorney for all matters related to documenting the decisions made by this Bondholders' meeting as well as necessary completion work, including making amendments to the Bond Agreement.

To approve the above resolutions, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of a resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If none of the proposals are adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

5

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.) The individual bondholder may authorise Nordic Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Nordic Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by e mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA
Hans Bernhard Lind
-2---- 0
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
6

