Execution version
ISIN NO 001 071088.2
AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT
dated 2.1 December 2017
to the BOND AGREEMENT
between
GENEL ENERGY FINANCE PLC as Issuer
GENEL ENERGY PLC as Parent and
NORDIC TRUSTEE AS (formerly known as Nordic Trustee ASA) as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders
in the bond issue 7.50% Genel Energy Finance pic Senior Unsecured Callable
Bond Issue 2014/2019 originally dated 14 May 2014

Page 2 of 10
THIS AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") has been entered into on 2-f. December 2017 by and between:
(1) GENEL ENERGY FINANCE PLC, a company existing under the laws of England and Wales with registration number 09003179 as the former issuer (the "Original Issuer");
(2) GENEL ENERGY FINANCE 2 LIMITED, a company existing under the laws of Jersey with registration number 117804 as new issuer (the "New Issuer");
(3) GENEL ENERGY PLC, a company existing under the laws of Jersey with registration number 107897, as parent and original guarantor (the "Parent"); and
(4) NORDIC TRUSTEE AS (formerly known as Nordic Trustee ASA), a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624, as bond trustee on behalf of the bondholders (the "Bond Trustee"),
together referred to as the "Parties" and each a "Party".
WHEREAS:
(A) Pursuant to a bond agreement originally dated 14 May 2014 (the "Original Bond Agreement"), the Original Issuer has issued a bond loan named "7.50% Genel Energy Finance pic Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019" with ISIN NO 001 071088.2 (the "Bond Issue" or the "Existing Bonds").
(B) Following a Bondholders' Meeting in the Bond Issue held on 20 December 2017 (the "Bondholders' Meeting"), a resolution was passed whereby the Bondholders approved certain amendments to the Original Bond Agreement in accordance with a summons to the Bondholders' Meeting dated 6 December 2017.
(C) The amendments comprise, inter alia, a refinancing of the Existing Bonds through a partial early redemption and debt reduction (the "Refinancing") by amending and restating the Original Bond Agreement in accordance with a refinancing term sheet dated 6 December 2017 (the "Term Sheet").
(D) In accordance with the Term Sheet the Original Bond Agreement will be replaced with a USD 300,000,000 amended and restated bond agreement with the New Issuer as issuer (the "Amended Bond Terms"), attached as Schedule 1 hereto.
(E) This Agreement, together with the Amended Bond Terms, sets out the amendments to the Original Bond Agreement approved by the Bondholders at the Bondholders' Meeting. The Amended Bond Terms are set out on the Bond Trustee's most recent standard bond terms for corporate high yield bonds.
(F) In addition to the amendments to the Original Bond Agreement, the on-demand guarantees dated 14 May 2014 and granted by the Original Guarantors in favour of the Bond Trustee in connection with the Existing Bonds (the "Original Guarantees") shall be amended and restated as part of the Refinancing, together with additional on-demand guarantees similarly granted by the Additional Guarantors.
56o27i5_i

Page 3 of 10

NOW THEREFORE, it is hereby agreed as follows:

1.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 In this Agreement:

"Effective Date" shall mean the date on which the Bond Trustee notifies the New Issuer in writing that it has received all the documents and other evidence required as conditions precedent set out in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) in form and substance satisfactory to it;
"Original Guarantors" shall mean the Parent and Genel Energy Holding Company Ltd.; and

"Additional Guarantors" shall mean each of the subsidiaries of the Parent listed on the signature pages hereto as additional guarantors (the Additional Guarantors together with the Original Guarantors, the "Guarantors").

1.2 Terms defined in the Amended Bond Terms shall, unless expressly defined herein or otherwise required by the context, have the same meaning in this Agreement.

1.3 The provisions of Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Amended Bond Terms apply to this Agreement as though they were set out herein in their entirety, except that references to the Amended Bond Terms shall be construed as references to this Agreement and any other logical adjustments being made.

2.

ASSUMPTION, AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT

2.1 The Parties agree that on and with effect from the Effective Date:

(i)

the Original Bond Agreement shall be amended and restated by this Agreement, so

that it shall then be in effect in the form set out in Schedule 1 {Amended Bond

Terms) hereto;

(ii) the Original Issuer is released from further performance under the Original Bond Agreement in its capacity as "Issuer"; and

(iii) the New Issuer assumes all of the obligations of the Original Issuer under the Bond Issue (as amended and restated by this Agreement), in place of the Original Issuer, in the capacity as "Issuer" and is bound by the terms of the Amended Bond Terms so that the New Issuer shall substitute the Original Issuer in the capacity as "Issuer" in every way as if the New Issuer had at all times been a party to the Bond Issue in the capacity as "Issuer" in place of the Original Issuer.

2.2 Reference to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as reference to the Amended Bond Terms following the Effective Date.

3.

GUARANTEES

3.1 The Parent shall ensure that on and with effect from the Effective Date, each Original Guarantor shall grant an amended and restated unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee on a joint and several basis, reflecting (as relevant) the Amended Bond Terms, in favour of the Bond Trustee as security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the New Issuer's

5 6 o 2 7 i5 _ i

Page 4 o f 10

obligations under the Amended Bond Terms and any other Finance Documents (the "Amended Guarantees"), replacing (as of the Effective Date) the Original Guarantees.
3.2 The Parent shall ensure that on and with effect from the Effective Date, each Additional Guarantor shall grant an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee on a joint and several basis in favour of the Bond Trustee as security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the New Issuer's obligations under the Amended Bond Terms and any other Finance Documents (the "Additional Guarantees").

4.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

4.1 The amendments to the Original Bond Agreement as set out in Clause 2 (Amendment and restatement) are subject to the Bond Trustee having received all the documents and other evidence listed below:

(i)

this Agreement duly executed by all parties hereto;

(ii) the Amended Guarantees duly executed by all parties thereto;

(iii) the Additional Guarantees duly executed by all parties thereto;

(iv) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of each of the Obligors to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(v) a copy of a power of attorney (unless included in the corporate resolutions) from each of the Obligors to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of each of the Obligors;

(vi) copies of the Obligors' articles of association, by-laws or similar constitutional documents;

(vii) evidence that a requisite majority of the bondholders in the Existing Bonds have approved the proposal set out in the summons to the Bondholders' Meeting;

(viii) copies of the New Issuer's latest Financial Reports (if any);

(ix) confirmation from the New Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of its entry into or the effectiveness of this Agreement, and that no event or circumstance has occurred which would, with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination under the Finance Documents or any combination of any of the foregoing, constitute an Event of Default;

(x) the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement duly executed by the parties thereto (replacing similar fee agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Original Issuer);

(xi) legal opinions or other statements as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Obligors and the legality,

5 6 o 2 7 i5 _ i

Page 5 of 10

validity and enforceability of this Agreement (including the Amended Bond Terms) and the Finance Documents);
(xii) confirmation of nomination of process agent with respect to the Amended Bond Terms and each of the Guarantees; and
(xiii) any other document reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee,
each in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, unless waived by the Bond Trustee in its discretion. The Bond Trustee shall notify the New Issuer promptly upon being so satisfied.

5.

REPRESENTATIONS

The New Issuer makes the representations and warranties as set out in Clause 7 (Representations and warranties) of the Amended Bond Terms to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing (i) on the date of this Agreement and (ii) on the Effective Date.

6.

AFFIRMATION OF THE FINANCE DOCUMENTS

6.1 The Parties confirm that, notwithstanding the amendments effected by this Agreement, any reference in any Finance Document to the Bond Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Amended Bond Terms.

6.2 The Parties confirm that, notwithstanding the amendments effected by this Agreement, any reference in any Finance Document to the Issuer shall be construed as a reference to the New Issuer.

6.3 The Parties confirm that, notwithstanding the amendments effected by this Agreement, any reference in any Finance Document to the Guarantors shall be construed as a reference to the Guarantors as defined herein.

7.

MISCELLANOUS

7.1 This Agreement is a Finance Document for the purpose of the Amended Bond Terms.

7.2 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Agreement.

7.3 The provisions of Clause 19 (Governing law andjurisdiction) of the Amended Bond Terms shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Agreement.

s*r "k it (signature pagesfollows)

56o27i5_i

Page 6 of 10
SIGNATURE PAGES AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT This Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the New Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Genel Energy Finance 2 Limited New Issuer
....................................................................
P H I L co«A £T T (,name in block letters)

Genel Energy Finance pic Original Issuer
?U
PU T L C cs^& C T T {name in block letters)

{Position)

{Position)

56o27i5_i

jfencl Energy pic Parent
?> T ^P M 6/o m £ t c m £ U L {name in block letters)
{Position)

Page 7 of 10
Nordic Trustee AS Bond Trustee
{name in block letters) {Position)

56o27i5_i

Page 7 of 10

Genel Energy pic Parent

Nordic Trustee AS Bond Trustee

0name in block letters)

Vivian Trøsch
Attorney-at-Law
{name in block letters)

{Position)

{Position)

The undersigned Notary Public hereby certifies that Vivian Tresch has signed this document
The signature is certified on the basis of the signature deposited in our register of signatories. Oslo Bvfoaetembete, 21 December 2017

Public Mikael Mitcheltree / førstekonsulent

56o27i5_i

Page 8 o f 10

The following Guarantors hereby confirm and acknowledge the amendments to the Original Bond Agreement and the Amended Bond Terms as further set out in this Agreement:

Genel Energy Holding Company Ltd. OriginaLQuarantor

Genel Energy International Ltd. Additional Guarantor

tfW

u ^ 4 .................................................

(name in block letters)

(name in block letters)

fW V lO ki^v/O er (Position)

-SxcrvQi- 1 (Position)

u'

^ ^ L to t-

'

if

Martin D Silverman Notary Public & Commissioner for Oaths
Collins House 32-38 Station Road
Gerrards Cross Bucks. SL9 8EL

56027151

Page 9 of 10

The following Guarantors hereby confirm and acknowledge the amendments to the Original Bond Agreement and the Amended Bond Terms as further set out in this Agreement:

Genel Energy Netherlands Holding 1

Genel Energy Netherlands Holding 2 B.V. Additional Guarantor
....... .............................................................

S T £ P t1  O Mt t ch c L {name in block letters)

T M T L L tS Il &67T
{name in block letters)

{Position)

{Position)

56027151

SCHEDULE 1 AMENDED BOND TERMS

Page 10 of 10

56o27i5_i

Execution version

ISIN NO 001 071088.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND TERMS
between
Genel Energy Finance 2 Limited (Issuer)
and
Genel Energy pic (Parent)
and
Nordic Trustee AS (Bond Trustee)
on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue
7.50% Genel Energy Finance pic Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019

Clause

Contents

Page

1. INTERPRETATION.................................................................................................................3

2. THE BONDS............................................................................................................................. 16

3. THE BONDHOLDERS.......................................

17

4. ADMISSION TO LISTIN G .................................................................................................... 17

5. REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS......................................................................................18

6. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEM ENT.............................................................................. 18

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND W ARRANTIES.................................................................... 18

8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS.................................................................... 20

9. IN TER EST................................................................................................................................ 22

10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF B O N D S.........................................................22

11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS.....................................................................25

12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS.................................................

25

13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS.........................................................27

14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS............................31

15. BONDHOLDERS' D ECISIO N S........................................................................................... 34

16. THE BOND TRUSTEE........................................................................................................... 39

17. AMENDMENTS AND W AIVERS.....................................................................................42

18. MISCELLANEOUS.................................................................................................................43

19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION..................................................................... 45

ATTACHMENT 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE ATTACHMENT 2 FORM OF GUARANTEE

2(47)

BOND TERMS, replacing the Original Bond Agreement (as defined below) originally dated 14 May 2014, as amended and restated by an amendment and restatement agreement dated 2 .1 December 2017 (the "Amendment Agreement"), and made between

ISSUER:

Genel Energy Finance 2 Limited, a company existing under the laws of Jersey with registration number 117804 and LEI-code 213 800VHBSWP7IDK2Q18;

PARENT:

Genel Energy pic., a company existing under the laws of Jersey with registration number 107897 and LEI-code 549300IVCJDWC3LR8F94; and

BOND TRUSTEE:

Nordic Trustee AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624 and LEI-code 5493 00XAKTM2BMKIPT8 5.

These Bond Terms shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions The following terms will have the following meanings:

"Acceptable Bank" means a bank or financial institution which has a rating for its long-term unsecured and non-credit-enhanced debt obligations of BBB+ or higher by S&P Global Ratings or Fitch Ratings Ltd or Baal or higher by Moody's Investors Service Limited or a comparable rating from an internationally recognized credit rating agency.

"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person:

(a) any person which is a Subsidiary of that person;

(b) any person who has Decisive Influence over that person (directly or indirectly); and

(c) any person which is a Subsidiary of an entity who has Decisive Influence (directly or indirectly) over that person.

"Annual Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Parent for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such financial statements to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report of the board of directors.

"Attachment" means each of the attachments to these Bond Terms.

3(47)

"Bond Terms" means these terms and conditions, including all Attachments which shall form an integrated part of these Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.
"Bond Trustee" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
"Bond Trustee Fee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders 'rights).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders as set out in Clause 15 (.Bondholders 'Decisions).
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms.
"Business Day" means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open and the relevant Bond currency settlement system is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, no adjustment will be made to the Interest Period.
"Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2 ( Voluntary early redemption - Call Option).
"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.2 ( Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of Bonds.
"Cash" means, at any time, freely available and unrestricted cash in hand or cash held in a bank and (in the latter case) credited to an account in the name of a Group Company with an Acceptable Bank and to which a Group Company is sole (or together with other Group Companies) beneficiary.
"Cash Equivalents" means, at any time:
(a) certificates of deposit maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation or maturing after more than one year after the relevant date of calculation so long as the relevant Group Company is able to access the cash within fifteen (15) working days of giving notice, and issued by an Acceptable Bank;
(b) any investment in marketable debt obligations issued or guaranteed by the government of the United States of America, the United Kingdom, Norway, any member state of the European Economic Area or by an instrumentality or agency of any of them having
4(47)

an equivalent credit rating, maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation and not convertible or exchangeable to any other security;
(c) tradable commercial paper not convertible or exchangeable to any other security with a maturity no greater than one year after the relevant calculation date and which has a credit rating of either A-l or higher by S&P Global Ratings or FI or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody's Investors Service Limited, or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating; or
(d) any investment in money market funds which (i) have a credit rating of either A-l or higher by S&P Global Ratings or FI or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody's Investors Service Limited, (ii) which invest substantially all their assets in securities of the types described in paragraphs (a) to (c) above and (iii) can be turned into cash on not more than 30 days' notice,
in each case, to which any Group Company is sole (or together with other Group Companies) beneficiary at that time and which is not issued or guaranteed by any Group Company or subject to any Security.
"Change of Control Event" means:
(a) if any person, or group of persons under the same Decisive Influence, obtains Decisive Influence over the Parent; or
(b) a de-listing of the Parent's shares from the London Stock Exchange that does not occur (i) in connection with a listing of the Parent's shares on another internationally recognised stock exchange or (ii) pursuant to the insertion of a new holding company as part of a Group reorganisation which will be the 100 per cent, owner of the Parent and has the same shareholders as the Parent or is otherwise approved by the shareholders of the Parent.
"CSD" means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS).
"Compliance Certificate" means a statement substantially in the form as set out in Attachment 1 hereto.
"Cure Amount" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 14.5 {Equity cure).
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding and/or other arrangement and/or through the direct and/or indirect ownership of shares and/or other ownership interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
5(47)

"Default Notice" means a written notice to the Issuer as described in Clause 14.2 {Acceleration o f the Bonds).
"Default Repayment Date" means the settlement date set out by the Bond Trustee in a Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds.
"Distribution" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 13.7 {Dividend restrictions).
"EBITDAX" means profit before deducting any amount attributable to depreciation, amortisation, impairment, exploration expense, finance income and finance cost, and excluding any costs of a one-off, non-recurring, extraordinary or exceptional nature, calculated on a last twelve (12) months basis on a consolidated basis for the Group, as applicable, as adjusted in accordance with Clause 13.20(b).
"Effective Date" means the date on which the Bond Trustee notified the Issuer in writing that it has received, in form and substance satisfactory to it, or waived, all documents and other evidence required as conditions precedent set out in clause 4 {Conditions Precedent) of the Amendment Agreement.
"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Total Equity to Total Assets,
"Event of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified in Clause 14.1 {Events o fDefault).
"Excess Disposal Proceeds" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the definition of the term "Mandatory Prepayment Event".
"Exchange" means:
(a) Nordic ABM, a self-regulated marketplace organised and operated by Oslo Bors; or
(b) any other recognised exchange elected in the sole discretion of the Issuer.
"Field Development Costs" means at all times, capital costs relating to the development of any hydrocarbon asset (and as recognised as capital costs as either intangible or tangible assets according to GAAP) including without limitation the costs of development or production wells, production facilities and any other relevant facilities and infrastructure used for the extraction, production and transportation of oil and gas from the hydrocarbon asset, but not including costs related to any exploration activities.
"Finance Documents" means these Bond Terms, the Amendment Agreement, the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement, the Guarantees, any subordination agreements related to intra-Group loans to the Issuer and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.
"Financial Covenants" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 13.20 {Financial Covenants).
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
6(47)

(a) moneys borrowed (and debit balances at banks or other financial institutions);
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument, including the Bonds;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP as in force at the Effective Date, be treated as a finance or capital lease (meaning that the lease is capitalized as an asset and booked as a corresponding liability in the balance sheet);
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account) or any arrangement for sale of call options or forward sale of oil or any similar arrangement or hedging arrangements for speculative purposes not covering genuine commercial exposure;
(g) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which are redeemable (other than at the option of the Issuer) before the Maturity Date or are otherwise classified as borrowings under GAAP;
(h) any financial arrangement whereby any party is granted any right to a payment as a percentage or other proportion of a Restricted Subsidiary's present or future sales proceeds, income, earnings or revenue deriving directly or indirectly from any PSCs (whether secured or unsecured);
(i) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as a borrowing under GAAP; and
(j) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (i) above.
"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.
"Financial Support" means any loans, guarantees, Security or other financial assistance (whether actual or contingent).
"First Call Date" means the Interest Payment Date falling in three (3) years after the Effective Date.
"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting practices and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting
7(47)

Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Government Bond Rate" means the interest rate of debt securities instruments issued by the US Treasury on the day falling two (2) Business Days before the notification to the Bondholders of the Make Whole Amount pursuant to Clause 10.2(c).
"Group" means the Parent and all its (directly or indirectly owned) Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Group Company" means any person which is a member of the Group.
"Guarantee" means an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee on a joint and several basis from each of the Guarantors in relation to the Finance Documents (together the "Guarantees").
"Guarantor" means each of (i) the Parent, (ii) Genel Energy Holding Company Ltd. ("GEHCL") (incorporated in Jersey, company registration number 107896), (iii) Genel Energy Netherlands Holding 1 Cooperatief B.A. (NL) (incorporated in the Netherlands, company registration number 53944658), (iv) Genel Energy Netherlands Holding 2 B.V. (NL) (incorporated in the Netherlands, company registration number 55953037) and (v) Genel Energy International Ltd (Anguilla) ("GEIL") (incorporated in Anguilla, company registration number 2081599) (together the "Guarantors").
"Initial Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of each Bond as set out in Clause 2.1 {Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds).
"Insolvent" means that a person:
(a) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due;
(b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or
(c) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its center of main interest as such term is understood pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended).
"Interest Cost" means the aggregate gross cash interest costs of the Group related to Total Debt.
"Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period, the first Interest Payment Date being 22 March 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity Date.
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, the period between 22 March, 22 June, 22 September and 22 December each year, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
"Interest Rate" means 10.00 percentage points per annum.
8(47)

"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated semi-annual financial statements of the Parent for the semi-annual period ending on 30 June in each year prepared in accordance with GAAP and including an income statement, statement of financial position and cash flow statement.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number, being the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 14 May 2014.
"Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer.
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Debt to EBITDAX.
"Liquidity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's Cash and Cash Equivalents (save for any amounts held by Genel Miran & Bina Bawi Limited (UK) (or any other relevant Group Company) which have been obtained for the purpose of any Miran & Bina Bawi Non Recourse Debt).
"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of 104 per cent, of the Nominal Amount of the redeemed Bonds as if such payment originally had taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of the remaining interest payments of the redeemed Bonds (excluding accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds up to the Call Option Repayment Date) up to and including the First Call Date,
where the present value shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points above the comparable Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining Macaulay duration of the Bonds from the Call Option Repayment Date until the First Call Date using linear interpolation).
"Managers" means:
(a) DNB Markets, a part of DNB Bank ASA; and
(b) Pareto Securities AS,
(each a "Manager").
"Mandatory Prepayment Date" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.4 {Early redemption option due to a Mandatory Prepayment Event).
9(47)

"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means any (direct or indirect) disposal of ownership interest:
(a) in the Tawke PSC; or
(b) in any other asset(s) of the Restricted Subsidiaries in a single or a series of transactions and with net cash proceeds (after repayment of any relevant Financial Indebtedness pertaining to the relevant asset if applicable) exceeding USD 50,000,000 (the amount in excess of USD 50,000,000 referred to as the "Excess Disposal Proceeds") (except for a sale or transfer to another Group Company, which subsequently will become a Restricted Subsidiary).
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the ability of the Issuer and any Guarantor to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or
(b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 22 December 2022, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention.
"Miran & Bina Bawi Non-Recourse Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness incurred by Genel Miran & Bina Bawi Limited (UK) (or any other Group Company holding the ownership interests in the Miran & Bina Bawi PSCs) provided that:
(a) such funds shall solely be applied for the purpose of financing capital expenditure related to the Miran & Bina Bawi PSCs; and
(b) no Financial Support shall be provided in respect of any such Financial Indebtedness by any other Group Company, including the Parent.
"Miran & Bina Bawi PSCs" means the PSCs covering a combined area of 959 sq. km. located in the Zagros basin northeast of Kirkuk in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, including the Miran PSC containing the Miran oil and gas discoveries, and the Bina Bawi PSC containing the Bina Bawi oil and gas discoveries.
"Net Debt" means Total Debt less Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount (less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partially redeemed, if any) pursuant to Clause 10 {Redemption and repurchase o fBonds) or any other amount following a split of Bonds pursuant to Clause 16.2, paragraph (j).
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any of the Guarantors.
"Original Bond Agreement" means the bond agreement dated 14 May 2014 for the "7.50% Genel Energy Finance pic Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019" with ISIN NO 001071088.2 and made between Genel Energy Finance pic. as issuer and the Bond Trustee, as amended by an amendment agreement dated 13 May 2015.
10(47)

"Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by an Obligor under any of the Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Parent" means the company designated as the Parent in the preamble to these Bond Terms.
"Partial Payment" means a payment that is insufficient to discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
"Permitted Distribution" means any Distribution by the Parent in an amount not exceeding 50 per cent, of the Parent's consolidated net profit after tax based on its Annual Financial Statements for the previous financial year, however always provided that:
(a) the Liquidity would not be less than USD 200,000,000 immediately after such Permitted Distribution is made;
(b) any un-utilized portion of the Permitted Distribution may not be carried forward into the next distribution period; and
(c) no Event of default is continuing or would result from such Permitted Distribution.
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Finance Documents;
(b) any additional Financial Indebtedness relating to existing assets owned or assets acquired by any Group Company (excluding any Restricted Subsidiary and the Issuer) provided by reputable international commercial banks (or other financial institutions providing such Financial Indebtedness on materially similar terms as reputable international commercial banks) where: (i) Security for any Financial Indebtedness is limited to the relevant assets (including, without limitation, the shares in the company holding such assets); and (ii) there is no recourse to or Financial Support provided by any Group Company in respect of such Financial Indebtedness other than unsecured guarantees provided by the Parent;
(c) any unsecured or secured bonds issued by the Issuer or any other Group Company directly owned by GEHCL (excluding any Restricted Subsidiary) and established for the sole purpose of being the issuer of such bonds, with (i) maturity date after the Maturity Date of the Bonds, (ii) no amortization prior to the Maturity Date of the Bonds, (iii) no call options (excluding tax calls) that can be exercised before the Bonds have been redeemed in full, and (iv) no Security granted over the Restricted Kurdistan Assets;
11(47)

(d) any Miran & Bina Bawi Non-Recourse Debt;
(e) any Financial Indebtedness incurred by any Group Company in the ordinary course of business for its working capital purposes, including supplier credits, and as part of the daily operations of such Group Company;
(f) any counter indemnity liability incurred by a Group Company to any financial institution in respect of existing and future bid, payment- and performance bonds, guarantees and letters of credit issued for the benefit of such Group Company in the ordinary course of its business;
(g) any Financial Indebtedness arising from obligations incurred by any Group Company under any commodity price, interest rate or currency hedging agreements made on a non-speculative basis;
(h) any Financial Indebtedness under finance or capital leases of vessels, vehicles, equipment or computers incurred by any Group Company in the ordinary course of business;
(i) any subordinated loans with the Issuer as borrower and subject to a subordination and turnover agreement acceptable to the Bond Trustee;
(j) any Financial Indebtedness under any loan made by one Group Company (not being the Issuer) to another Group Company;
(k) any Financial Indebtedness arising as a result of any Group Company (excluding any Restricted Subsidiary) acquiring another entity after the Effective Date and such Financial Indebtedness is incurred under arrangements in existence at the date of acquisition; and
(l) any refinancing, amendment or replacement of any of (a) to (k) above from time to time, however always subject to compliance with the Bond Terms, including the Financial Covenants.
"Permitted Security" means any Security:
(a) in respect of Permitted Financial Indebtedness referred to (and (where relevant) subject to restrictions set out) in paragraph (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (i) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness" above and any refinancing, amendment or replacement of any such Financial Indebtedness provided that such Security is substantially the same as in existence prior to such refinancing, amendment and replacement;
(b) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any Group Company in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of Group Companies (if applicable);
(c) arising by operation of law;
12 (47)

(d) arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to a Group Company in the ordinary course of business;
(e) any right of set-off arising under contracts entered into by Group Companies in the ordinary course of their day-to-day business;
(f) in the form of rental deposits or other guarantees in respect of any lease agreement in relation to real property entered into by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms;
(g) any Security arising over any bank accounts or custody accounts or other clearing banking facilities held with any bank or financial institution under the standard terms and conditions of such bank or financial institution;
(h) securing indebtedness the outstanding principal amount of which (when aggregated with the outstanding principal amount of any other indebtedness which has the benefit of Security given by any Group Company other than any permitted under the preceding paragraphs) does not at any time exceed USD 5,000,000 in aggregate for the Group at any time; and
(i) notwithstanding the above, over the Restricted Kurdistan Assets only Security as set out in the following:
(i) arising by operation of law;
(ii) arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to a Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;
(iii) any right of set-off arising under contracts entered into by Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of their day-to-day business;
(iv) in the form of rental deposits or other guarantees in respect of any lease agreement in relation to real property entered into by a Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms; and
(v) any Security arising over any bank accounts or custody accounts or other clearing banking facilities held with any bank or financial institution under the standard terms and conditions of such bank or financial institution.
"PSC" means any production sharing contract.
"PSC Cancellation Event" means if any of the Restricted Kurdistan PSCs are revoked, cancelled or terminated for any reason.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event.
13 (47)

"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
"Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time;
(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and
(c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution:
(i) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons have been published; or,
(ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
"Repayment Date" means any Call Option Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, any Mandatory Prepayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, the Tax Event Repayment Date or the Maturity Date.
"Restricted Kurdistan Assets" means the Restricted Kurdistan PSCs, and in relation to the Restricted Kurdistan PSCs, the relevant facilities and infrastructure used for the extraction, production, storage and transportation of oil and gas, joint operating agreements, agreements relating to the transportation, processing and storage of hydrocarbon production, agreements for sale or marketing of hydrocarbon production, royalty agreements related to the hydrocarbon production, and any other material assets and agreements.
"Restricted Kurdistan PSCs" means the Group's participating interest at any time in the Taq Taq PSC and the Tawke PSC.
"Restricted Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Parent being the direct owner/holder of the Restricted Kurdistan PSCs, being GEIL at the Effective Date.
"Securities Trading Act" means the Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, encumbrance, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
14(47)

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be.
"Taq Taq PSC" means the PSC covering an area of 640 sq. km. located in the Zagros basin northeast of Kirkuk in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, in which the Group's participating interest is 44 per cent, at the Effective Date, and containing inter alia the Taq Taq oil field.
"Tawke PSC" means the PSC covering an area of 630 sq. km. located close to the Turkish border in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, in which the Group's participating interest is 25 per cent, at the Effective Date (and 4.5% overriding royalty started to accrue on 1 August 2017), ending on 31 July 2022 and as amended from time to time, and containing inter alia the Tawke oil field and the Peshkabir discovery.
"Tax Event Repayment Date" means the date set out in a notice from the Issuer to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.5 (Early redemption option due to a tax event).
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with GAAP.
"Total Debt" means the sum of all interest-bearing Financial Indebtedness of the Group on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
"Total Equity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with GAAP.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one of those Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 15.5 (Written Resolutions).
1.2 Construction In these Bond Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number will include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of these Bond Terms;
(d) references to a time are references to Central European time unless otherwise stated;
(e) references to a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;
(f) references to a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline by any official body;
15 (47)

(g) references to a "person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality;

(h) references to Bonds being "redeemed" means that such Bonds are cancelled and discharged in the CSD in a corresponding amount, and that any amounts so redeemed may not be subsequently re-issued under these Bond Terms;

(i) references to Bonds being "purchased" or "repurchased" by the Issuer means that such Bonds may be dealt with by the Issuer as set out in Clause 11.1 (Issuer's purchase o fBonds),

(j) references to persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Securities Trading Act; and

(k) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.

2.

THE BONDS

2.1 Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds (a) The Issuer has issued a series of Bonds in the amount of USD 300,000,000.

(b) The Bonds are denominated in US Dollars (USD), being the legal currency of the United States of America.

(c) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is USD 1.

(d) The ISIN of the Bonds is NO 001 071088.2. All Bonds issued under the same ISIN will have identical terms and conditions as set out in these Bond Terms.

2.2 Tenor of the Bonds
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.

2.3 Use of proceeds
The net proceeds from the Bonds have been applied towards a combination of Field Development Costs and general corporate purposes of the Group.

2.4 Status of the Bonds
The Bonds constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds rank pari passu between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

2.5 Guarantees
As security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall procure that the Guarantees are granted in favour of the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders as set out herein.

16(47)

3. THE BONDHOLDERS
3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders
(a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party.

(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.

3.2 Limitation of rights of action
(a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.

(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

3.3 Bondholders' rights
(a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction to be the beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 3.3 {Bondholders' rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

4.

ADMISSION TO LISTING

The Issuer shall procure that the Bonds remain listed on an Exchange until the Bonds have been redeemed in full.

17(47)

5.

REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS

5.1 Registration in the CSD

The Bonds shall be registered in dematerialised form in the CSD according to the relevant securities registration legislation and the requirements of the CSD.

5.2 Obligation to ensure correct registration
The Issuer will at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall immediately upon any amendment or variation of these Bond Terms give notice to the CSD of any such amendment or variation.

5.3 Country of issuance
The Bonds have not been issued under any other countiy's legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction. Save for the registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Issuer is under no obligation to register, or cause the registration of, the Bonds in any other registry or under any other legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction.

6.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

Payment of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds was subject to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) having received the documents set forth in Clause 6.1 of the Original Bond Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to it.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 (Representations and warranties), in respect of itself and each Obligor to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a) at the date of these Bond Terms; and

(b) at the Effective Date.

7.1 Status
It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.2 Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
These Bond Terms and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for

18(47)

therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by it of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
7.5 No Event of Default (i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under these Bond Terms or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance has occurred which constitutes (or with the expiry of any grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by these Bond Terms,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.7 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
7.8 Financial Reports Its most recent Financial Reports fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the most recent Financial Reports, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
19 (47)

7.10 No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of the issuance of the Bonds was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

7.11 No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under these Bond Terms.

7.12 Pari passu ranking
Its payment obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party ranks as set out in Clause 2.4.

7.13 Security
No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with these Bond Terms.

8.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

8.1 Covenant to pay

(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.

(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD.

(c) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Bond Terms will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.

(d) If a Payment Date or a date for other payments to the Bondholders pursuant to the Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant currency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such payment in the relevant Finance Document.

20 (47)

8.2 Default interest (a) Default interest will accrue on any Overdue Amount from and including the Payment Date on which it was first due to and excluding the date on which the payment is made at the Interest Rate plus an additional three (3) per cent, per annum.
(b) Default interest accrued on any Overdue Amount pursuant to this Clause 8.2 {Default interest) will be added to the Overdue Amount on each Interest Payment Date until the Overdue Amount and default interest accrued thereon have been repaid in full.
8.3 Partial Payments (a) If the Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee receives a Partial Payment, such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the Issuer's debt under the Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the Issuer in the following order of priority:
(i) firstly, towards any outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses of the Bond Trustee;
(ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid; and
(iii) thirdly, towards any principal amount due but unpaid.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Partial Payment which is distributed to the Bondholders, shall, after the above mentioned deduction of outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses, be applied (i) firstly towards any principal amount due but unpaid and (ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid, in the following situations;
(i) the Bond Trustee has served a Default Notice in accordance with Clause 14.2 (Acceleration of the Bonds), or
(ii) as a result of a resolution according to Clause 15 (Bondholders' decisions).
8.4 Taxation (a) The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Issuer shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents:
(i) gross up the amount of the payment due from it up to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been required; and
(ii) at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax deduction or withholding has been made.
21 (47)

(c) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

8.5 Currency
(a) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2.1 {Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds). If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account.

(b) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its account manager in the CSD) within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.

8.6 Set-off and counterclaims
No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document.

9.

INTEREST

9.1 Calculation of interest
(a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.

(b) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis).

9.2 Payment of interest
Interest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period and, with respect to accrued interest on the principal amount then due and payable, on each Repayment Date.

10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BONDS
10.1 Redemption of Bonds The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.

22 (47)

10.2 Voluntary early redemption - Call Option (a) The Issuer may redeem the Outstanding Bonds, in whole or in parts, (the "Call Option") on any Business Day:
(i) from and including the Effective Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to the Make Whole Amount;
(ii) from and including the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2021 at a price equal to 104 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(iii) from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2021 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in June 2022 at a price equal to 102 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond; and
(iv) from and including the Interest Payment Date in June 2022 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond.
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20), Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option is irrevocable and will not be affected by any subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above. However, the
23 (47)

settlement of the Put Option will be based on each Bondholders holding of Bonds at the Put Option Redemption Date.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent, of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the fifteenth (15th) calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a Mandatory Prepayment Event (a) Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring, the Issuer shall:
(i) with respect to a Mandatory Prepayment Event relating to a disposal of ownership interest in the Tawke PSC, on or about the day the proceeds are received by the relevant Group Company following the Mandatory Prepayment Event (the "Mandatory Prepayment Date"), redeem a principal amount of Bonds equivalent to all such proceeds; or
(ii) with respect to a Mandatory Prepayment Event relating to other disposals, to the extent that the Excess Disposal Proceeds are not within 12 months of receipt by the relevant Group Company applied exclusively towards the acquisition of producing oil & gas assets and/or investments in Field Development Costs, without delay thereafter redeem a principal amount of Bonds equivalent to the Excess Disposal Proceeds,
in each case at a redemption price as follows:
(A) if occurring anytime from and including the Effective Date to, but not including the First Call Date at a price equal to 106 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond; and
(B) thereafter on the redemption prices set out under Clause 10.2 ( Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) above.
For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption prices above shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date of repayment.
(b) If a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurs, through a single transaction or through series of transactions, resulting in all of the Tawke PSC being sold or disposed of, 100 per cent, of the Outstanding Bonds shall be or shall have been redeemed.
(c) Notwithstanding as otherwise stated in this Clause 10.4 (Early redemption option due to a Mandatory Prepayment Event), if a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurs which does not require the Issuer to redeem 100 per cent, of the Outstanding Bonds, each Bondholder shall have the right to decline redemption of the Bonds. Any amount not
24 (47)

applied for redemption of Bonds may be retained by the Group and applied for general corporate purposes.
10.5 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 ( Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, and such withheld tax cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than sixty (60) days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS
12.1 Financial Reports (a) The Parent shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than four (4) months after the end of the financial year.
(b) The Parent shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than two (2) months after the end of the relevant six months interim period.
25 (47)

(c) The Parent shall, together with the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts, make management reports available to the Bond Trustee and on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) for public distribution not later than four (4) months after the end of the financial year and not later than two (2) months after the end of the subsequent six months interim period. Such reports shall include a management commentary or a report from the board of directors. For the avoidance of doubt, the Group's normal external reporting under the United Kingdom Listing Authority listing rules will satisfy this requirement.
(d) The Parent shall ensure that the Issuer prepares its own financial reports (semi annually) and makes them available to the Bond Trustee and on the Parent's website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) for public distribution not later than four (4) months after the end of the financial year and not later than two (2) months after the end of the subsequent six months interim period. Such reports shall include an income statement, statement of financial position and cash flow statement.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Parent shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its Financial Reports, a Compliance Certificate, in accordance with Clause 13.20 (Financial Covenants).
(b) The Parent shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.
12.3 Put Option Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Put Option Event has occurred.
12.4 Information: Miscellaneous The Issuer shall:
(a) promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default or any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or could reasonably be expected to understand may lead to an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it;
(b) if at any point in time it becomes aware of an existing or anticipated breach of any of the Financial Covenants be obligated to notify the Bond Trustee of such breach, and if relevant inform of any intention to obtain a Cure Amount, including a description of how such Cure Amount shall be obtained;
(c) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds (to the best of its knowledge, having made due and appropriate enquiries);
(d) send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
26 (47)

(e) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(f) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bonds, and any changes to such rating;
(g) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the CSD; and
(h) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's and the Group's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS The Parent undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 13 (General and financial Undertakings), unless the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise.
13.1 Authorisations The Parent shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, in all material respects obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval, license and consent required for the conduct of its business as carried out from time to time if a failure to do so would have Material Adverse Effect.
13.2 Continuation of business Neither of the Parent nor the Issuer shall, and the Parent shall ensure that no other Obligor shall, cease to cany on its business. Further, the Parent shall ensure that no other Group Company shall cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Parent shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Terms, or as contemplated by the Bond Terms.
13.3 Mergers and de-mergers (a) The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Parent or such Group Company with any other company or entity not being a Group Company if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(b) The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Parent or such other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.4 Compliance with laws The Parent shall ensure that the operations of any Group Company are conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations of material importance to the business of such Group Company.
27 (47)

13.5 Insurances
The Parent shall, and the Parent shall ensure that each other relevant Group Company will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters, or otherwise receive the benefit of adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as would normally be maintained by owners and/or operators owning similar assets to those owned by the relevant Group Company, in accordance with good industry practice in their relevant jurisdiction.

13.6 Arm's length transactions
The Parent shall not engage in, or permit any other Group Company to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any related third party (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, other Group Companies) (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except:

(a) in the ordinary course of business;

(b) in accordance with the UK Financial Conduct Authority Listing Rules; or

(c) pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Parent's or such other Group Company's business and upon fair and reasonable arm's length terms.

13.7 Dividend restrictions
The Parent shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make any loans or other equity or capital distributions or payments to its shareholders (including servicing of shareholder loans) whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect (a "Distribution") other than any Permitted Distribution.

13.8 Maintenance of ownership of the Issuer
The Parent undertakes to maintain a 100 per cent, (direct or indirect) legal and beneficial ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights of the Issuer.

13.9 Maintenance of ownership of GEHCL
The Parent undertakes to maintain a 100 per cent, (direct or indirect) legal and beneficial ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights of GEHCL.

13.10

Ownership of Restricted Subsidiaries
Except as permitted pursuant to Clause 10.4 {Early redemption option due to a Mandatory Prepayment Event), the Parent undertakes to maintain a Decisive Influence over each of the Restricted Subsidiaries.

13.11

Single-purpose entity
The Parent shall ensure that the Issuer shall not have any other business than that related to being the issuer of the Bonds or matters reasonably ancillary thereto (including on-lending to the Parent).

28 (47)

13.12

Subordinated loans
The Parent shall ensure that any loans to the Issuer from any Group Company shall be subordinated to the Bonds and subject to a subordination and turnover agreement acceptable to the Bond Trustee. For the avoidance of doubt, any such loan may be serviced only as long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

13.13

Disposal of the Restricted Kurdistan Assets
The Parent shall ensure that no Restricted Subsidiary shall novate, transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of any working interest in any of the Restricted Kurdistan PSCs or the Restricted Kurdistan Assets unless:

(a) the transaction is carried out with a bona fide third party not related to the Parent or any of the Group Companies, at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions;

(b) such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect; and

(c) the Bonds are partially or fully redeemed to the extent required by the Mandatory Prepayment provisions set out in Clause 10.4 (Early redemption option due to a Mandatory Prepayment Event).

13.14

Financial Indebtedness
The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

13.15

Negative pledge
The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Security over any of its present or future respective assets (including the Restricted Kurdistan Assets and/or the Restricted Kurdistan PSCs) or its revenues, other than the Permitted Security.

13.16

Financial support
The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall grant any Financial Support to or for the benefit of any third party or other Group Companies other than (i) Financial Support in the ordinary course of business and (ii) Financial Support as explicitly allowed for under the definition of Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

13.17 Permitted Miran & Bina Bawi investments
The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company make any inevstments in Miran & Bina Bawi PSCs unless such investments are funded by:

(a) any cash amount raised by the Parent through an equity issue;

(b) any cash amount raised from a permitted disposal of any ownership portion of the Miran & Bina Bawi PSCs; or

(c) any freely available cash of the Group provided that the Liquidity is not less than USD 100,000,000 immediately after any such investment is made.

29 (47)

13.18

Restricted Subsidiaries' distributions
Save for obligations under any Financial Indebtedness, the Parent shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Restricted Subsidiary to:

(a) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders;

(b) service any Financial Indebtedness to the Parent or the Issuer;

(c) make any loans to the Parent or the Issuer; or

(d) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Parent or the Issuer,

if the creation of such contractual obligation is reasonably likely to prevent the Parent and/or the Issuer from complying with any of its obligations under the Bond Terms.

13.19

PSC Cancellation Events
The Parent shall ensure that each Restricted Subsidiary will promptly inform the Bond Trustee of any PSC Cancellation Event and whether such PSC Cancellation Event would have a Material Adverse Effect and whether such PSC Cancellation Event would constitute an Event of Default (as described below), and the Bond Trustee shall notify the bondholders of such PSC Cancellation Event.

13.20

Financial Covenants
(a) The Parent undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants during the term of the Bonds, to be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group (the "Financial Covenants"):

(i) Equity Ratio

The Parent shall ensure that the Group maintains an Equity Ratio at each Quarter Date of minimum 40 per cent.

(ii) Leverage Ratio

The Parent shall ensure that the Group maintains a Leverage Ratio at each Quarter Date not exceeding 3.Ox.

(iii) Minimum Liquidity

The Parent shall ensure that the Group maintains at all times a Liquidity of no less than the higher of (i) USD 30 million and (ii) an amount equal to the Interest Costs for the following twelve (12) months period.

The Financial Covenants set out in paragraph (i) to (iii) above shall be measured as of each Quarter Date and certified by way of a Compliance Certificate provided by the Parent in writing to the Bond Trustee within four (4) months after each Quarter Date falling on 31 December and two (2) months after each other relevant Quarter Date, duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Parent.

30 (47)

(b) In the event the Group has incurred any Miran & Bina Bawi Non-Recourse Debt, the Equity Ratio and Leverage Ratio shall be calculated on a pro forma basis net of such Miran & Bina Bawi Non-Recourse Debt and associated EBITDAX whereas any cash received by the Group through repayment of intergroup loans or dividends from Miran & Bina Bawi Limited (UK) shall be recognized as EBITDAX in the Leverage Ratio.
14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS 14.1 Events of Default
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 14.1 shall constitute an Event of Default:
(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents when such amount is due for payment, unless:
(i) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error in payment systems or the CSD and payment is made within five (5) Business Days following the original due date; or
(ii) in the discretion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer has substantiated that it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations
(i) The Parent fails to comply with its obligations under Clause 13.20 {Financial Covenants) and the non-compliance is not prevented or cured in accordance with Clause 14.5 {Equity cure).
(ii) An Obligor does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents other than set out under paragraph (a) {Non-payment) above or paragraph (i) of this Clause 14.1(b), unless such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days after the earlier of the Issuer's actual knowledge thereof, or notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Misrepresentation
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under or in connection with any Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made, unless the circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer becoming aware of such misrepresentation.
(d) Cross default
If for any Group Company:
31(47)

(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any applicable grace period; or
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
provided however that the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above exceeds a total of USD 15,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency).
(e) Insolvency and insolvencyproceedings
Any Obligor or Restricted Subsidiary:
(i) is Insolvent; or
(ii) is object of any corporate action or any legal proceedings is taken in relation to:
(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than a solvent liquidation or reorganization; or
(B) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor which may materially impair its ability to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(C) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(D) enforcement of any Security over any of its or their assets having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.1 (d) (Cross default) above; or
(E) for (A) - (D) above, any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any such company,
however this shall not apply to any petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty (20) Business Days of commencement.
32 (47)

(f) Creditor's process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of the Obligors or Restricted Subsidiaries having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.1 (d) (Cross default) above and is not discharged within twenty (20) Business Days.
(g) Unlawfulness
It is or becomes unlawful for any of the Obligors or Restricted Subsidiaries to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Finance Documents to the extent this may materially impair:
(i) the ability of such Obligor or Restricted Subsidiary to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(ii) the ability of the Bond Trustee to exercise any material right or power vested to it under the Finance Documents.
(h) PSC Cancellation
A PSC Cancellation Event occurs unless it is capable of being remedied and is remedied within 30 days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
14.2 Acceleration of the Bonds If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, or upon instruction received from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 14.3 {Bondholders' instructions) below, by serving a Default Notice:
(a) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or
(b) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Finance Documents or take such further measures as are necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents.
14.3 Bondholders' instructions The Bond Trustee shall serve a Default Notice pursuant to Clause 14.2 {Acceleration o f the Bonds) if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing from Bondholders representing a simple majority of the Voting Bonds, that an Event of Default shall be declared, and a Bondholders' Meeting has not made a resolution to the contrary; or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting, by a simple majority decision, has approved the declaration of an Event of Default.
33 (47)

14.4 Calculation of claim The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of the serving of a Default Notice will be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.4 (a) paragraph (A) and (B) as applicable at the following dates (and regardless of the Default Repayment Date set out in the Default Notice):
(i) for any Event of Default arising out of a breach of Clause 14.1 {Events o f Default) paragraph (a) {Non-payment), the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when such Event of Default occurred; and
(ii) for any other Event of Default, the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when the Default Notice was served by the Bond Trustee.
14.5 Equity cure (a) A failure to comply with any of the Financial Covenants shall not constitute an Event of Default if such failure is prevented or remedied by cash proceeds received after the relevant Quarter Date (the "Cure Amount"), provided such Cure Amount is received by the relevant Group Company in cash no later than the date of issuance of the relevant Compliance Certificate (the "Equity Cure").
(b) The Cure Amount may be applied for the benefit of the preceding period covenant calculation up until the date of issuance of the Compliance Certificate and may only be applied to increase the Total Assets, Total Equity and Cash.
(c) The Equity Cure mechanism set out in paragraph (a) and (b) above may only be applied three (3) times for the lifetime of the Bonds.
15. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS 15.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting may, on behalf of the Bondholders, resolve to alter any of these Bond Terms, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
(c) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(d) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause 16.1 {Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(e) At least 50 per cent, of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders' Meeting for a quorum to be present.
34 (47)

(f) Resolutions will be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (g) below.
(g) Save for any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to Clause 17.1 {Procedure fo r amendments and waivers) paragraph (a), section (i) and (ii), a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment of any provisions of these Bond Terms, including a change of Issuer and change of Bond Trustee.
15.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in writing of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders' Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the Bondholders' Meeting.
(f) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until
35 (47)

the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10 {Redemption and Repurchase o fBonds).
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting (the Bond Trustee or such other representative, the "Chairperson").
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power of attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative"). The Chairperson may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the Chairperson will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the Chairperson. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairperson and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
(l) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
15.3 Voting rules (a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause
36 (47)

3.3 (Bondholders' rights). The Chairperson may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The Chairperson shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 15 (Bondholders' decisions), a Bondholder that has a Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3 {Bondholders 'rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 {Bondholders ' rights) stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the Chairperson will have the deciding vote.
15.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting (a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders ' Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten (10) Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders 'Meeting), Clause 15.2 {Procedurefor arranging a Bondholders'Meeting) and Clause 15.3 {Voting rules) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 15.5 {Written Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 15.2 {Procedure for arranging a Bondholders 'Meeting) and vice versa.
15.5 Written Resolutions (a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the
37 (47)

Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.
(d) The provisions set out in Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting), 15.2 {Procedure for arranging a Bondholder's Meeting), Clause 15.3 {Voting Rules) and Clause 15.4 {Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:
(i) the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 15.2 {Procedurefor arranging Bondholders Meetings)', or
(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 15.5 {Written Resolution),
shall not apply to a Written Resolution.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 15.4 {Repeated Bondholders 'Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons.
(f) Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 {Bondholders' rights), will be counted in the Written Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of Clause 15.1 {Authority o f Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be resolved if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
38 (47)

(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 15.1{Authority o fBondholders 'Meeting).
16. THE BOND TRUSTEE
16.1 Power to represent the Bondholders (a) The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.
(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
16.2 The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or any other Obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
39 (47)

(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on separated accounts.
(f) The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other Finance Document, or any applicable law.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(h) If the cost, loss or liability which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(i) complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or
(ii) taking any action at its own initiative,
will not, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be covered by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) of Clause 16.4 {Expenses, liability and indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(i) The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
16.3 Equality and conflicts of interest (a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
16.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee
40 (47)

shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently in:
(i) acting in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts; or
(ii) taking, delaying or omitting any action if acting with reasonable care and provided the Bond Trustee considers that such action is in the interests of the Bondholders.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due to an Event of Default, the Issuer being Insolvent or similar circumstances pertaining to any other Obligor, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection therewith. The
41 (47)

Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Transaction Security, and to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses from those funds.
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 14.3 (Bondholders' instructions) or Clause 15.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting)), the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that instruction and/or who voted in favour o f the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.
16.5 Replacement of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 15 (Bondholders' Decisions), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 16.5 (Replacement o f the Bond Trustee), initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this Clause 16.5 (Replacement o f the Bond Trustee).The Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(d) The change of Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits and any unpaid fees or expenses under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.
17. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
17.1 Procedure for amendments and waivers (a) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
42 (47)

(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the Bondholders in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 15 {Bondholders 'Decisions),
however so that the costs incurred in connection with such amendment or waiver shall be for the account of the Issuer.
17.2 Authority with respect to documentation If the Bondholders have resolved the substance of an amendment to any Finance Document, without resolving on the specific or final form of such amendment, the Bond Trustee shall be considered authorised to draft, approve and/or finalise (as applicable) any required documentation or any outstanding matters in such documentation without any further approvals or involvement from the Bondholders being required.
17.3 Notification of amendments or waivers The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with this Clause 17 {Amendments and waivers), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly registered with the CSD.
18. MISCELLANEOUS 18.1 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
18.2 Access to information (a) These Bond Terms will be made available to the public and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee will not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or any other person, and the Bondholders have no right to obtain information from the Bond Trustee, other than as explicitly stated in these Bond Terms or pursuant to statutory provisions of law.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
(c) The information referred to in paragraph (b) above may only be used for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
43 (47)

18.3 Notices, contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from the CSD.
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by fax, when received.
(c) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall each ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(d) When determining deadlines set out in these Bond Terms, the following will apply (unless otherwise stated):
(i) if the deadline is set out in days, the first day of the relevant period will not be included and the last day of the relevant period will be included;
(ii) if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline will end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline will be the last day of such month; and
(iii) if a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.
18.4 Defeasance (a) Subject to paragraph (b) below and provided that:
(i) an amount sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (including, to the extent applicable, any premium payable upon exercise of the Call Option), and always subject to paragraph (c) below (the "Defeasance Amount") is credited by the Issuer to an account in a financial institution acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Account");
44 (47)

(ii) the Defeasance Account is irrevocably pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee on such terms as the Bond Trustee shall request (the "Defeasance Pledge"); and
(iii) the Bond Trustee has received such legal opinions and statements reasonably required by it, including (but not necessarily limited to) with respect to the validity and enforceability of the Defeasance Pledge,
then;
(A) the Issuer will be relieved from its obligations under Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) paragraph (a), Clause 12.3 {Put Option Event), Clause 12.4 {Information: Miscellaneous) and Clause 13 {General andfinancial undertakings)', and
(B) any Guarantor shall be released from any Guarantee or other obligation applicable to it under any Finance Document.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to apply any amount credited to the Defeasance Account towards any amount payable by the Issuer under any Finance Document on the due date for the relevant payment until all obligations of the Issuer and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents are repaid and discharged in full.
(c) The Bond Trustee may, if the Defeasance Amount cannot be finally and conclusively determined, decide the amount to be deposited to the Defeasance Account in its discretion, applying such buffer amount as it deems required.
A defeasance established according to this Clause 18.4 may not be reversed.
19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 19.1 Governing law
These Bond Terms are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
19.2 Main jurisdiction The Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that the City Court of the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms. The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms against the Issuer or any of its assets may be brought in such court.
19.3 Alternative jurisdiction Clause 19 {Governing law andjurisdiction) is for the exclusive benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right:
(a) to commence proceedings against the Issuer or any other Obligor or any of their respective assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and
45 (47)

(b) to commence such proceedings, including enforcement proceedings, in any competent jurisdiction concurrently.
19.4 Service of process (a) Without prejudice to any other mode of service allowed under any relevant law, the Issuer: (i) irrevocably appoints Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS as its agent for service of process in relation to any proceedings in connection with these Bond Terms; and (ii) agrees that failure by an agent for service of process to notify the Issuer of the process will not invalidate the proceedings concerned. (b) If any person appointed as an agent for service of process is unable for any reason to act as agent for service of process, the Issuer must immediately (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days of such event taking place) appoint another agent on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee. Failing this, the Bond Trustee may appoint another agent for this purpose. 000- --
46 (47)

ATTACHMENT 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
[date] 7.50% Genel Energy Finance pic Senior Unsecured Guaranteed Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019 - ISIN NO 001 071088.2
We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause 13.20 (Financial Covenants) of the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued by the Parent in writing to the Bond Trustee within four (4) months after each Quarter Date falling on 31 December and two (2) months after each other relevant Quarter Date. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [·]. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. With reference to Clause 13.20{Financial Covenants) we hereby certify that all information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Reports] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed. [The Financial Covenants set out in Clause 13.20 (Financial Covenants) are met, please see the calculations and figures in respect of the ratios attached hereto.] We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur.
Yours faithfully, NX
Name o f authorisedperson Enclosure: Financial Statements; [and any other written documentation]
47 (47)

