FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT dated 10 October 2013
relating to a
BOND AGREEMENT originally dated 28 September 2012
between
Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd. as Issuer
and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee
on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue

ISIN NO 001 066095.4

FRN Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd. Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION..........................

3

2 REPRESENTATIONS...........................

4

3 AMENDMENT............................................................................................................................ 4

4 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT....................

5

5 MISCELLANEOUS.................

6

6 GOVERNING LAW...............

6

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT is dated 10 October 2013 and made between:
(1) Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd. (an exempted company limited by shares incorporated in Bermuda with registration number 39152) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
WHEREAS:
(A) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee have on 28 September 2012 entered into a bond agreement (the "Bond Agreement"), in respect of the bond issue with ISIN NO 001 066095.4.
(B) In connection with the tender for a time charter of LNG vessels to a major energy company, the Issuer put forward a proposal to amend certain provisions of the Bond Agreement pursuant to a summons letter dated 17 September 2013 (the "Proposal").
(C) In the Bondholders' Meeting held 3 October 2013, the Bondholders adopted the Proposal, and authorised the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders to enter into this Agreement and to carry out any necessary completion work.
(D) Pursuant to the Proposal, the Issuer offers the Bondholders a one-time amendment fee of 0.25% (flat) of the face value of the Bonds if the Proposal was adopted (the "One-Time Fee"). The One-Time Fee was paid on 8 October 2013.
(E) The Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Issuer has now agreed to amend the Bond Agreement on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement.
IT IS AGREED as follows:
1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
"Agreement" means this first amendment agreement.
"Effective Date" means the date when the Trustee has confirmed by letter to the Issuer that the conditions set out in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) of this Agreement are fulfilled.
1.2 Incorporation of defined terms
In this Agreement, unless context otherwise requires:
(a) a term defined in the Bond Agreement has the same meaning when used in this Agreement; and

(b) the principles of construction set out in Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Bond Agreement shall have the effect as if set out in this Agreement.

2 REPRESENTATIONS

2.1 The Issuer:

(1) repeats and confirms that the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 under Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement remains true and accurate as of the date hereof; and

(2) represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that the Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize its entry into, performance and delivery of this Agreement,

(together the "Representations").

2.2 The Representations set out in Clause 2.1 are made on the execution date of this Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Effective Date
3 AMENDMENT 3.1 Amendment

3.1.1

Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement shall be amended by inserting a new definition of Qualifying Bareboat Charter after the definition of Pro-forma Total Assets with the following wording:

""Qualifying Bareboat Charter" means a bareboat charter entered into by a Group Company in respect of a vessel or a unit where such Group Company no later than the time on which the bareboat charter becomes binding on the parties thereto has entered into a time charter for the employment of such vessel or unit for a term that expires 5 years or more after the Maturity Date, and where the Group Company's counterparty either:
(a) has a credit rating of at either BBB- or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, Baa3 or higher by Moody's Investors Service Limited or BBB(low) or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd.; or
(b) is a Subsidiary of a company with a credit rating as set out in paragraph (a) above."

3.1.2

Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement shall be amended by inserting a new definition of Pro forma Equity Ratio 2 after the definition of Pro-forma Equity Ratio with the following wordings:

""Pro-forma Equity Ratio 2" means Book Equity to Pro-forma Total Assets 2."

3.1.3 Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement shall be amended by amending and replacing the definition of Pro-forma Total Assets with the following wordings:
""Pro-forma Total Assets" means, at any time, Total Assets plus, to the extent not included in the Total Assets pursuant to GAAP, any capital expenditures incurred or committed after the date of this Bond Agreement (except for any capital expenditures incurred or committed in respect of the three vessels under the newbuilding program of the Group in place at the date of this Bond Agreement and any capital expenditures incurred or committed in respect of any Qualifying Bareboat Charter)."

3.1.4

Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement shall be amended by inserting a new definition of Pro forma Total Assets 2 after the definition of Pro-forma Total Assets with the following wordings:

""Pro-forma Total Assets 2" means, at any time, Total Assets plus the capitalised total value of any future committed Qualifying Bareboat Charters."

3.1.5 Clause 13.4 of the Bond Agreement shall be amended by inserting a new sub-clause (k) with the following wordings:
"(k) Bareboat charters No Group Company shall enter into any bareboat charter unless: a) it is a Qualifying Bareboat Charter; and
b) the Issuer's Pro-forma Equity Ratio 2 is equal to or higher than 25% (tested on the next Quarter Date)."

4 CONTINUING OBLIGATIONS
The provisions of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents shall, save as amended and restated by this Agreement, continue in full force and effect.
References to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Document shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.
5 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
(a) The obligation of the Bond Trustee to accept that the Bond Agreement is amended in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is conditional upon the Trustee having received in form and substance satisfactory to it:
(i) this Agreement duly executed by all parties hereto;

/ ? CL

(ii) written confirmation of compliance with Clause 2 in this Agreement;
(iii) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute this Agreement;
(iv) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of this Agreement, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Issuer; and
(v) written documentation evidencing the payment of One-Time Fee to the Bondholders.
(b) When the conditions set out above are met in a manner satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee shall inform the Issuer in writing of the Effective Date.
6 MISCELLANEOUS 6.1 Incorporation of terms
The provisions Clause 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Bond Agreement" are references to this Agreement.
6.2 Additional Finance Documents
This Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Bond Agreement.
7 GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian Law.
greement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

SCHEDULE 1
FORM OF REPETITIO N OF REPRESNTATIONS AMD WARRANTIES
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo
E-mail: mail(5)trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT TO FRN Hdegh LNG Holdings Ltd. Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017 WITH ISIN NO 001 066095.4
We refer to the First Amendment Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised words and Expressions are used herein as defined in the First Amendment Agreement.
With reference to Clause 2.2 of the First Amendment Agreement the Issuer hereby:
(1) repeats and confirms that the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 under Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement remains true and accurate as of the date hereof; and
(2) represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that the Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize its entry into, performance and delivery of this Agreement.
Yours faithfully,

