NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne meldingen til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the bondholders in: ISIN NO 001 0633118
Seabird Exploration PLC Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2015
Oslo, 4 December 2014
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 Background
Nordic Trustee ASA ("NT" or the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") of the bonds (the "Bonds") in the above mentioned issue with ISIN NO 001 0633118 issued by SeaBird Exploration PLC (the "Company").
Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalised terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 16 December 2011, as
amended and restated from time to time (the "Bond Agreement").
The Bondholders are encouraged to read this summons (the "Summons") in its
entirety.
1.2 Events of Default
The Company is a borrower under an unsecured convertible loan agreement with an
outstanding amount of USD 14.9 million with Perestroika AS (the "Perestroika Loan"). The Perestroika Loan matured on 30 September 2014 and the loan documentation provided for a 5 business day grace period for repayment (the "Grace Period"). The Grace Period expired on 7 October 2014 which in turn triggered an
event of default under Clause 19.3 (Cross default) of the Bond Agreement. Since then there have been further Events of Default that are outstanding and continuing under the Bond Agreement, including, without limitation, the Company (i) reported a breach of the liquidity covenant and the overdue accounts payable covenant, as set out at Clause 15.3 (Financial covenants) of the Bond Agreement, in September 2014, (ii) according to its latest interim report for Q3 2014, has breached the Book Equity Ratio covenant, as set out at Clause 15.3 (Financial covenants) of the Bond Agreement and (iii) has failed to make monthly payments from the Guarantors' Earnings Accounts to the Bond Service Account pursuant to Clause 16.18 (Bond Service Account payments) of the Bond Agreement, which gives rise to further events of default pursuant to

Clauses 19.1 {Non-payment) and 19.2 {Breach o f other obligations) of the Bond Agreement (together, the "Events of Default").
1.3 Bond Service Account
Pursuant to the Bond Agreement, a Bond Service Account has been set up in the name of the Company with Nordea Bank Norge ASA in Norway. It is a blocked account pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee.
Clause 16.18 of the Bond Agreement provides:
"The Guarantors shall, to thefullest extentpermitted by applicable law:
(a) from and including the Settlement Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date on a monthly basis commencing on the date falling one month after the Settlement Date transfer from the Guarantors ' Earnings Accounts to the Bond Service Account an amount equal to 1/6 o f the interest payment payable hereunder on the next Interest payment Date; and
(b) from and including the first Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date transfer monthly from the Guarantors'Earnings Accounts to the Bond Service Account an amount equal to 1/6 o f the next Scheduled Instalment (including the balloon payment in accordance with Clause 10.1).
(c) The amounts deposited in the Bond Service Account shall be releasedfor the due payment o f interest and Scheduled Instalments.
Although, as noted above, the Guarantors have failed to make any payments since September 2014, as at 28 November 2014, USD 2,259,045.23 stood to the credit of the Bond Service Account.
On 19 December 2014, the Company is due to pay a Scheduled Installment of principal in an amount of USD 2,000,000 together with accrued interest under the Bonds since 19 June 2014 (the "December Payment") into the Bond Service Account. It appears unlikely, in light of the Company's current financial position, that the December Payment will in fact be made in full or at all and, as part of this, whether any of the monies standing to the credit of the Bond Service Account will be applied by the Company towards the December Payment.
1.4 Bondholder Committee
In October 2014, in consultation with an informal ad hoc committee of Bondholders who together hold over 50% of the principal amount outstanding of the Bonds (the "Committee"), the Bond Trustee, on behalf of the Bondholders, engaged, amongst others, Akin Gump LLP ("Akin Gump") to act as legal counsel to the Bond Trustee, to represent the interests of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders in connection with the financial position of the Company and its affiliates (the "Group") including (without limitation) restructuring and enforcement discussions and negotiations (including, in respect of the refinancing plan referred to in the latest interim report for Q3 2014, as outlined in the "going concern" section thereof) regarding the Bonds.

Pursuant to a fee letter dated 17 October 2014 between the Company and Akin Gump, the Company agreed to provide fee coverage to Akin Gump with respect to work carried out by Akin Gump for the Bond Trustee (acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders) in respect of the restructuring of the capital structure, restructuring discussions and negotiations regarding the Bonds. To date, all fees incurred by Akin Gump has been invoiced to the Company directly.
The Bond Trustee, the Committee and Akin Gump have been in discussions with the Group and its advisers in connection with the outstanding Events of Default and are continuing to actively explore restructuring and enforcement options, with a view to protecting value in the Bonds and maximising recoveries for all Bondholders.
Clause 18.1 of the Bond Agreement provides:
" . . . fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issu ers' insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders. "
Clause 19.11 (d) of the Bond Agreement provides:
"In case partial payments o f any amount pursuant to this Bond Agreement, such payments shall first be allocated to pay the Bond Trustee fo r incurred fees, and thereafter to settle any other outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents. In case the Issuer does not pay the Bond Trustee the accumulatedfees, the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to seek funding fo r such fees from other sources. In such case the providers o f such funding shall have the right o f subrogation into the position o f the Bond Trustee but be subordinated any further expenses andfees o f the Bond Trustee. "
Given the acute financial difficulties that the Group is currently facing, the Bond Trustee is concerned that the Company may not have sufficient funds to reimburse fees and expense that have or will be incurred in connection with restructuring and/or enforcement options.
For further information on the above mentioned issues and other updates, please refer to the Company's stock exchange announcements and the Company's financial reports. The latest interim report for Q3 2014 is available on www.sbexp.com/investor-relations.
For further information about the Company, please visit the Company's website www.sbexp.com.
1.5 Purpose of Summons
In light of the Group's current financial position and with a view to preserving value for the Bonds, it is proposed that the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion, hold all amounts from time to time received or recovered by the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of the Bond Agreement, including but not limited to receipts or recoveries from

the Bond Service Account Pledge, in an interest bearing suspense or impersonal account(s) in the name of the Bond Trustee with such financial institution and for so long as the Bond Trustee shall think fit (the interest being credited to the relevant account) for later application in respect of:
(a) any sum to the Bond Trustee, any receiver or any delegate, agent or adviser appointed by the Bond Trustee;
(b) in payment of all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with any restructuring of the Bonds and/or the realisation or enforcement of the Security Interests taken in accordance with the terms o f the Bond Agreement or any action taken at the request of the Bond Trustee on the instruction of a majority of the Bondholders present and voting at a Bondholders' meeting; and
(c) in payment to the Bondholders for application towards the discharge of the Bonds plus an accrued interest, including the higher level of interest in the event of late payment which shall accrue in accordance with Clause 11.4 (Interest in the event of late payment) of the Bond Agreement.
It is the Bond Trustee's intention that any monies held back by the Bond Trustee, including, but not limited to, the December Payment (if applicable) may be used to cover costs incurred in connection with the exploration and pursuance of potential restructuring and enforcement options, with a view to protecting value in the Bonds and maximising recoveries for all Bondholders.
In addition, given the current position of the Group, in order to be able to react quickly to any event, the Bond Trustee proposes to shorten the notice period required to convene a Bondholders' Meeting, as provided in clause 20.3(c) of the Bond Agreement, from ten to five Business Days.
PROPOSAL
Based on the above, the Bond Trustee hereby proposes the following to the Bondholders (the "Proposal"):
The Bondholders:
(a) approve the Bond Trustee, in its discretion, holding all amounts from time to time received or recovered by the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of the Bond Agreement, including but not limited to receipts or recoveries from the Bond Service Account Pledge, in an interest bearing suspense or impersonal account(s) in the name of the Bond Trustee with such financial institution and for so long as the Bond Trustee shall think fit (the interest being credited to the relevant account) for later application in respect of:
i. any sum to the Bond Trustee, any receiver or any delegate, agent or adviser appointed by the Bond Trustee;

ii. in payment of all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with any restructuring of the Bonds and/or the realisation or enforcement of the Security Interests taken in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement or any action taken at the request of the Bond Trustee on the instruction of a majority of the Bondholders present and voting at a Bondholders' meeting;
iii. in payment to the Bondholders for application towards the discharge of the Bonds plus an accrued interest, including the higher level of interest in the event of late payment which shall accrue in accordance with Clause 11.4 (Interest in the event of late payment) of the Bond Agreement..
(b) instruct and authorise the Bond Trustee (in consultation with its advisers) to do all things and take such steps on behalf of the Bondholders as may be necessary or desirable in connection with the implementation of the matters contemplated in this summons, including, without limitation, taking any and all steps and actions expressly or impliedly required to be taken or that it would be desirable to take in order to implement the matters contemplated in this summons; and
(c) approve the shortening of the notice period required to convene a Bondholders' Meeting, as provided in clause 20.3(c) of the Bond Agreement, from ten to five Business Days.
3. NON RELIANCE
The proposals in this summons are presented to the Bondholders without evaluation or recommendations from NT. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the above proposals are acceptable.
4. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:
Time: 18 December 2014 at 09:00 hours (Oslo time)
Place: The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VII gt 1 (5th floor), 01061 Oslo
Agenda:
Pursuant to the Bond Agreement, the meetings will be opened and presided over by a representative from Nordic Trustee ASA.
1. Approval of the Summons
2. Approval of the agenda

3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman
4. Voting over the Proposal
It is proposed the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:
The Bondholders hereby adopt the resolutions set out in the Proposal as described in the summons to the Bondholders 'Meeting
To approve the above resolutions, Bondholders representing at least 662/3% o f the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour o f each resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least h a lf (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting.
Please fin d attached a bondholder's form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printed date (the "Bondholder's Form"). The Bondholder's Form will serve as your p ro o f o f ownership o f the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the Bondholders'meeting (if the Bonds are held in custody - i.e., the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm: (i) the owner o f the Bonds, (ii) the aggregated nominal amount o f the Bonds and (Hi) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered).
The individual Bondholder may authorize the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholders' Form, authorizing the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned (by e-mail, telefax or post) to the Bond Trustee in advance o f the Bondholders'meeting.
In the event Bonds are transferred to a neM> owner after the Bondholder's Form has been submitted to the Bond Trustee but before the Bondholders ' meeting has taken place, the new Bondholder (i.e. the transferee o f the Bonds) must bring to the Bondholders 'meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the B ond Trustee accepts as sufficient p r o o f o f their ownership o f the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request that those who intend to attend the Bondholders ' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than the Bond Trustee, notify the Bond Trustee o f such intention by telephone or by e-mail by no later than 16:00 hours (4pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the Bondholders 'meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely
Nordic Trustee ASA

