NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obiigasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon på norsk vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the bondholders in the 9 per cent Global Rig Company AS (formerly Global Rig Company ASA) Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019 (ISIN NO 001 0711948)

Oslo, 23 September 2015

SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING - TRANSFER OF RIGS AND LIQUIDATION
Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the bondholders of the bonds (the "Bonds") in the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bond Issue") where Global Rig Company AS (formerly Global Rig Company ASA) (the "Issuer", and together with its subsidiaries, the "Group") is the issuer.
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 3 June 2014 and made between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

1

BACKGROUND

The Issuer has currently 9 land based oil and gas rigs in operation spread across the four southern states in the US; Louisiana, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas (together, the "Rigs" (as such term is defined in the Bond Agreement)). The Rigs are currently owned by the following wholly owned subsidiaries of the Issuer:

Global Rig Active AS;

Global Rig Active 3 AS;

Global Rig Active 4 AS; and

Global Rig Active 5 AS,

(together the "Rig Owners").

The Rig Owners are planning to sell and transfer to NorAm Drilling Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer, ("NorAm") the rights and entitlement to the Rigs (the "Transfer"). In addition, and as part settlement for the Rigs, NorAm will assume the debt that the Rig Owners owe to the Issuer under the Existing Intercompany Loans. The remaining part of the purchase price for the Rigs will be settled through a seller credit granted by the Rig Owners to NorAm (the "Seller's Credit").

Page 1 of 5

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, H aakon V lls ga te 1, O slo

n o rd ic tru s te e .c o m

After completion of the Transfer, and in order to simplify the capital structure of the Group, the Rig Owners will distribute the Seller's Credit to the Issuer by way of dividends (without any tax cost), and if considered appropriate by the Issuer, the Rig Owners and Global Rig Active 2 AS will eventually be liquidated in their entirety, either through a statutory merger or liquidation process (the "Liquidation").

The main driver behind the Transfer is to give the Group a stronger US presence. A strong US presence is important in the competitive US market in which the Group operates, and will make it easier for the Group to develop new customer relationships and access to the US capital markets. The Transfer will also decrease the overall costs for the Group. Eliminating duplicate administrative efforts in the Oslo corporate office will reduce the combined general and administrative costs, and US ownership of the Rigs would eliminate payment of state sales tax due to the rig lease rentals (under the Leasing Agreements).

A simplified overview of the structure for the Transfer is attached to this summons as Appendix 1.

2

WAIVERS

Certain covenants under clause 13 (Covenants) will be (or may be) in breach in relation to the implementation of the Transfer, such as clauses 13.3(d) (Continuation o f business), 13.3(e) (Disposal o f business), 13.4(g) (No amendments o f Leasing Agreements and Subordinated Loans), 13.5 (Additional covenants regarding Rig Owners), 13.6 (Additional covenants regarding Rig Managers), 13.7(c) (Ownership o f Rigs) and 13.7(f) (Drilling contracts, Leasing contracts and other external contracts).

Further, clause 10.3(a) (Mandatory Prepayment) of the Bond Agreement will be triggered by the Transfer, with the effect that the outstanding Bonds are to be redeemed in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement.

The Issuer proposes that the Bondholders waive the abovementioned prepayment provisions and covenants of the Bond Agreement (the "Provisions") in relation to the Transfer. For the avoidance of doubt the Provisions will only be waived in relation to the Transfer, and the Provisions shall continue to apply with full force and effect thereafter.

3

AMENDMENTS TO BOND AGREEMENT AND SECURITY DOCUMENTS

3.1

The Transfer

As the ownership of the Rigs will be transferred to NorAm in relation to the Transfer, certain Security Documents will need to be amended and the Security Interest provided in respect of certain assets may have to be re-established with NorAm as new security provider.

In order to align the Bond Agreement with (i) NorAm being the new owner of the Rigs following completion of the Transfer and (ii) the new Security Interest being provided by NorAm, a series of adjustments/amendments to the Bond Agreement will be required.

3.2 The Seller's Credit and the Existing Intercompany Loans
Clause 13.4 (e) (Financial Indebtedness restrictions) and (f) (Intra group debt) of the Bond Agreement requires that any new intra-group loan provided to NorAm must be a Subordinated Loan. Pursuant to the definition of Subordinated Loans the amount of any such loans can never exceed USD 5,000,000 (the "Intra-Group Threshold").

The Seller's Credit will be in the total amount of approximately USD 110,000,000 and thus, exceed the Intra-Group Threshold. As a consequence, an exemption from the Intra-Group Threshold, pursuant to which any amounts raised under the Seller's Credit will be permitted indebtedness under the terms

Page 2 of 5

of the Bond Agreement, implemented by way of an amendment to the Bond Agreement, will be required in relation to the Transfer.

The monetary claims in respect of the Seller's Credit will be assigned on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee as security for Issuer's obligations under the Bond Agreement as amended.

Further, NorAm will assume the debt that the Rig Owners owe to the Issuer, i.e. the debt referred to in the Bond Agreement as the "Existing Intercompany Loans". The Existing Intercompany Loans exceed the Intra-Group Threshold, and as such it will be necessary to keep the exemption from the IntraGroup Threshold included in the Bond Agreement in respect of the Existing Intercompany Loans, following the transfer to NorAm of the debtor position under such loans.

The monetary claims in respect of the Existing Intercompany Loans have been assigned by the Issuer on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee as security for the obligations under the Bond Agreement by way of the "Assignment of Subordinated Loans" (as defined in the Bond Agreement). The Issuer, the Rig Owners and NorAm will execute documentation to confirm that the Assignment of Subordinated Loans will continue to secure the Issuer's obligations under the Bond Agreement as amended following the change of debtor position under the Existing Intercompany Loans from the Rig Owners to NorAm.

3.3 The Liquidation and the new security
Furthermore, an exception from 13.3 (b) {Mergers), 13.3 (d) {Continuation o f business) and 13.4 (a) {Ownership o f Guarantors) of the Bond Agreement, implemented by way of an amendment to the Bond Agreement, will be required in relation to the Liquidation.

Additional Security Interest may be required to preserve the position of the Bondholders in relation to the Liquidation.

4

PROPOSAL

The Issuer informed the Bond Trustee that it has discussed the proposed waiver of the Provisions and the amendments to the Bond Agreement and the Security Documents in relation to the Transfer with certain of the larger Bondholders, and Bondholders holding in aggregate more than 50% of the Bond have undertaken that they will vote in favour of the proposal.

In accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' Meeting in order to obtain the necessary consents and approvals to enable the Issuer to complete and implement the Transfer and the Liquidation and to make the necessary changes to the Bond Agreement and the Security Documents (as further set out under clauses 3 above), and hereby proposes the following to the Bondholders (the "Proposal"):

The Bondholders:

1. approve and authorize the implementation of the Transfer;

2. instruct the Bond Trustee (in consultation with its advisors) to take such steps on behalf of the Bondholders as may be necessary or desirable in connection with the implementation of the Transfer and the Liquidation, without limitation:

a. negotiating and approving the final terms of, and entering into, an amendment agreement to the Bond Agreement and related documentation, as may be necessary in relation to the Transfer and the Liquidation; and

b. negotiating and approving the final terms of, entering into and, where relevant, amending and terminating documentation and agreements as may be necessary or desirable in order

Page 3 of 5

to preserve the Security Interest provided in relation to the Bond Issue, following completion of the Transfer and the Liquidation;
3. waive the Provisions in relation to the Transfer; and
4. instruct the Bond Trustee (in consultation with its advisors) to take any and all other steps and actions expressly or impliedly required to be taken or that would be desirable to take in order to implement and complete the Transfer and the Liquidation, including, without limitation, negotiation, documenting and entering into legal agreements, granting amendments and waivers and giving instructions, consents, approvals and directions.

5

SUMMON FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

7 October 2015 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VIIs gate 1, 0161 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meetings resolves the following:

"The Bondholders' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 4 in the summons to this Bondholders 'Meeting.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the Proposal is not approved by the Bondholders, the Bond Agreement will be in full force and effect.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm: (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to mail@nordictrustee.no, +47 22 87 94 10, or Nordic Trustee ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway).

In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

Page 4 of 5

For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA

Enclosed:

Appendix 1: Transaction structure Appendix 2: Bondholder's Form

Page 5 of 5

THOMMESSEN

1. SALE OF RIGS TO US SUBSIDIARY
> The Norwegian rig owning subsidiaries (the "Rig Owners") will sell their rigs to NorAm Drilling Company ("NorAm").
> In addition, and as part settlement for the rigs, NorAm will assume the debt that the Rig Owners owe to Global Rig Company AS.
> The remaining part of the purchase price for the rigs will be settled through a seller credit to each Rig Owner.
1

2. SERVICE OF DEBT
t
Cash flow from rig operations

THOMMESSEN

> Post sale, NorAm will service the intercompany loan from Global Rig Company and the seller credit from the Rig Owners through cash flow from operations in accordance with past practice.
> In order to simplify the capital structure, Rig Owners may also distribute the seller credit to Global Rig Company by way of dividends (without any tax cost).
2

