N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
www.iriisi.oL.no
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in:
ISIN: NO 001 0364250 -11.0 per cent Cecon ASA Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2007/2012
Oslo, 28 May 2009
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Request for waiver
Background
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM" or the "Trustee") acts as the Loan Trustee for the loan mentioned above (the "Loan") made available under a loan agreement dated 30 April 2007 as amended (the "Loan Agreement") entered into between the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), Cecon ASA ("Cecon") as guarantor and two of its subsidiaries, namely Cecon Shipping 1 AS ("Cecon 1") and Cecon Shipping 2 AS ("Cecon 2"), as borrowers (Cecon 1 and Cecon 2 are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Borrowers").
All capitalized terms used herein shall, except as otherwise defined herein or required by the context, have the meanings assigned thereto in the Loan Agreement.
The information in this summons regarding the Borrowers and Cecon and market conditions is provided by the said companies, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
Background information
Please see a letter from the Borrowers dated 28 May 2009, Exhibit 1.
The Proposal
On the Bondholders' meeting held on 27 April 2009, the Bondholders resolved (a) to grant the Borrowers a waiver with respect to the interest accrued on the Loan that originally was due for payment by the Borrowers on 4 November 2008 (the "Due Interest Amount") extending the date of payment thereof until at the latest 5 May 2009 and (b) that the Due Interest Amount shall bear interest at a rate equal the aggregate of the coupon rate of 11.00 per cent. p.a. and the default interest rate of 5.00 per cent. p.a. (i.e. in total 16.00 per cent, p.a.) (the "Increased Interest Rate") from 4 November 2008 up to the date of actual payment of the Due Interest Amount (the Due Interest Amount together with such interest accrued thereon, shall hereinafter be referred to as the "Outstanding Interest Amount"). For details regarding these amounts, see Exhibit 1 hereto.
L 936699 VI 27.05.09 505587-001

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
www A rustee. no
For the sake of completeness, it should be noted that it was further resolved that also the principal amount of the Loan shall bear interest at the Increased Interest Rate from 4 November 2008 up to the date of actual payment of the Due Interest Amount and that on 11 May 2009 the Borrowers therefore paid an amount of USD 8,032 million to the Bondholders (which equals the interest accrued on the principal amount of the Loan during the period from 4 November 2008 to 13 May 2009 calculated based on the Increased Interest Rate).
However, since the Outstanding Interest Amount (i.e the Due Interest Amount and interest thereof) has yet to be paid by the Borrowers within its extended due date on 5 May 2009, the principal amount of the Loan shall (in accordance with the above) bear interest at the Increased Interest Rate during the period from 13 May 2009 up to the date of actual payment of the Due Interest Amount. Such interest is to be paid on the next Interest Payment Date under the Loan Agreement (i.e. on 4 November 2009) together with any other interest accrued on the Loan and payable on that date.
Due to the reasons described in Exhibit 1 hereto, the Borrowers request (the "Proposal") an extension of the waiver for the payment of the Outstanding Interest Amount until the date falling 14 Banking Days after the date of the Bondholders' meeting being summoned by this summons (the "Extension" and the "Extension Period"). For the avoidance of doubt, the Outstanding Interest Amount shall still bear interest equal to the Increased Interest Rate, and compound interest shall be calculated on 5 May 2009.
After the expiration of the Extension Period, there will be no grace period. If payment has not been made before the end of the Extension Period, this will constitute an event of default under the Loan Agreement.
In order to obtain the requested Extension, Cecon has requested that the Trustee summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider whether the Extension should be granted.
The Trustee's evaluation of the Proposal
The Trustee is concerned about the process several times being interrupted and delayed by new obstacles.
As described in more detail in Exhibit 1 hereto, the Company informs that it will establish an escrow account and pledge bonds in favour of the Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders as security for its obligations under the Finance Documents. For the sake of good order, the Trustee notes that since the Loan has already been made available to the Borrowers, there is a risk that such security, in accordance with the general provisions set out in Norwegian bankruptcy law, be set aside (as security for old debt) if the Company goes into bankruptcy within 3 months of granting the security.
The Bondholders must nevertheless themselves evaluate whether the proposed Extension should be granted. It is recommended that the Bondholders consult with their own advisors and tax advisors as to the possible tax consequences of the proposed Extension.
L 936699 VI 27.05.09 505587-001

3. Bondholders' meeting:

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA www.mistcc.no

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

22 June 2009 at 13.00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for extension of the grace period:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondholders 'meeting approves the Proposal (as defined in the summons to this Bondholders ' meeting).

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).

In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Norsk Tillitsmann accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

L 936699 VI 27.05.09 505587-001

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
www.miMce.n o
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Linn Verås Enclosure: Bondholder's Form Appendix 1: Letter from the Company dated 28 May 2009
L_936699_V1 27.05,09 505587-00]

Arendal; 280509

Our ref.: Your ref.:

INil Nygaard/Veraas

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA on behalf of the Bondholders (as defined below) Attn.: Linn Verås/ Ola Nygård Haakon VII gt. 1 N-0161 Oslo
Norway

Subject: 11.0 per cent Cecon ASA Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2007/2012

We refer to:

(I)

the loan agreement dated 30 April 2007 as amended (the "Loan Agreement") entered into between Gecon:

Shipping I AS ("Cecon 1") and Cecon Shipping 2 AS ("Cecon 2") as borrowers (collectively, the "Borrowers"),

Cecon ASA as guarantor ("Gecon") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as loan trustee (the "Trustee") on behalf of certain

bondholders (the "Bondholders") in respect of the above-mentioned bond issue, subject to the terms of which a

loan in the aggregate principal amount of USD 100 million (the "Loan") has been made available to the

Borrowers;

(II)

the bondholders' meeting held on 27 April 2009 (the "Bondholders1Meeting") where the Bondholders, inter

alia» resolved (a) to grant the Borrowers a waiver (the "Waiver") with respect to the interest accrued on the

Loan that originally was due for payment by the Borrowers on 4 November 2008 (the "Due interest Amount")

extending the date of payment thereof until 5 May 2009 and (b) that the Due Interest Amount shall bear a rate

of interest equal the aggregate of the coupon rate of 11.00 per cent. p.a. and the default interest rate of 5.00

per cent, p.a, (l.e. in total 16.00 per cent p.a.) up to the date of actual payment, such interest to be

compounded with the Due Interest Amount on each of the following dates: i) 4 November 2008, il) 19

December 2008, ill) 4 January 2009 and iv) 5 February 2009 (the Due Interest Amount together with such

interest and compounded interest totals USD 5,952 million (and remains outstanding as of the date hereof, see

below) and shall hereinafter be referred to as the "Outstanding interest Amount");

(iii) the fact that the Borrowers on 11 May 2009 paid an amount of USD 8,032 million to the Bondholders as payment of the interest accrued on the Loan during the period from 4 November 2008 to 13 May 2009 (calculated at a rate of interest equal the aggregate of the coupon rate of 11.00 per cent. p.a. and the default interest rate of 5.00 per cent, p.a, (i.e. in total 16.00 per cent, p.a.)) in accordance with what was resolved at the Bondholders' Meeting (the "Paid Interest Amount"), the payment of which was financed as set out in paragraph (v) below;

.C6CÖW SHlPPintS, 1 AS
cecön: sH PFins 2 a s

Kystveien 226 P.O, Box 165 NO-4801 Arendal Norway

phone;
FAX:
E-MAII.
WEB

+47370 60880 +47 370 62 899 post@cecon.no http://www.cecon.no

CceEccoonn

SsHHiiPPPPiinnss

2i

as as

(iv) the term loan facility agreement dated 23 April 2009 (the "EDC Facility Agreement") between Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon Shipping 3 AS as borrowers, Cecon as guarantor and Export Development Canada (''EDC'), subject to the terms of which EDC has made available to the said borrowers a term loan facility in the aggregate amount of USD 200 million (the "EDC Facility'1); and

(v)

the fact that the Borrowers' intended to use parts of the first drawing under the EDC Facility Agreement (the

"First Drawing"), more specifically the part thereof that was to restore Cecon's working capital, towards

payment in full of both the Paid Interest Amount and the Outstanding Interest Amount (the part of the First

Drawing to be applied this way is hereinafter referred to as the "Drawing Amount"), but only managed to pay

the Paid Interest Amount that Way.

The background for why the Borrowers were only able to pay the Paid Interest Amount and not also the Outstanding Interest Amount by way of the First Drawing may be summarised as follows:

One of the conditions precedent for the First Drawing to be made under the EDC Facility Agreement was that the share capital of Davie Yards Inc. ("Davie") be increased by at least USD 20 million by way of a share issue (the "Share issue"). Initially, all the shares to be issued in connection with the Share Issue were to be subscribed by third party investors (i.e. other parties than the members of the Cecon group). However, after a while it became apparent that Cecon might have to participate in the Share Issue (in order to be able to meet the conditions precedent for the First Drawing). The amount that Cecon might have to contribute varied, but in the end Cecon had to invest as much as USD 10 million in Davie in May 2009 in connection with the Share Issue (the "Investment").

Cecon financed the Investment by way of a bond issue in the amount of USD 10 million (the "Bond Issue"). However, it turned out that; due to, inter alia, the limited amount of time available, it was difficult to get the Bond Issue fully subscribed, In order to succeed in doing so within such time limits, Cecon had to take part in the Bond Issue and subscribe for bonds (the "Bonds") in the aggregate amount of approx. USD 4 million.

The subscription of the Bonds was supposed to be financed by payments received from Cecon's clients in respect of account receivables related to ongoing projects, which were due and therefore to be paid to Cecon prior to the closing of the Share Issue However; for various reasons, these account receivables were not paid at the anticipated time, and consequently Cecon had no alternative other than to finance its subscription of the Bonds by using part of the Drawing Amount (i.e. the restored working capital of Cecon referred to above). After the subscription of the Bonds, Cecon intended, and still, intends, to sell the Bonds to third parties, and thus restore the part of its working capital used to finance the subscription of the Bonds;

For the sake of completeness, it should also be mentioned that Cecon (in additionjintended to use all of its cash balances as per 11 May 2009 amounting to USD 2 million to pay parts of the Outstanding Interest Amount at the same time as ft paid the Paid Interest Amount, and therefore transferred such USD 2 million amount to the payment agent together with the Paid Interest Amount. However, due to technical difficulties related to making such a partial payment of the Outstanding interest Amount, the payment agent returned the said USD 2 million amount to Cecon.

With regards to the account receivables of Cecon referred to above, Cecon is scheduled to receive payments of these from its clients imminently. On Cecon's request, one of the clients in question (whose payment Will exceed the Outstanding Interest Amount) has confirmed in writing to Cecon that Cecon will receive such payment (the "Payment") by the end of this week.

CCEEcCoonn

sSHHiippppiinnes

2i

a a

s s

Cecon confirms that the Outstanding Interest Amount will immediately be paid in full upon (i) receipt of the Payment or (ii) upon sale of the Bonds to third parties and receipt of the sale proceeds relating thereto, whichever comes first.

To provide somecomfort to the Bondholders until such payment takes place, Cecon will grant the following security in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders):

(i)

a deposit of its current cash balances in the aggregate amount of USD 2 million on an escrow account to be

controlled by the Trustee as security for the Outstanding Interest Amount, the amount of which Is to be;

immediately released and returned in full to Cecon upon payment in full of the Outstanding Interest Amount;

and

(ii)

a pledge of the Bonds (the aggregate nominal amount of which is USD 4 million) in favour of the Trustee (on

behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Outstanding Interest Amount, which pledge is to be immediately

released and discharged in full upon payment in full of the Outstanding Interest Amount.

In order to avoid defaulting under the Loan Agreement and, inter alia, triggering the cross-default provision in the EDC Facility Agreement, the Borrowers kindly request (i) that the Bondholders extend the period of the Waiver, so that the date Of payment ofthe Outstanding Interest Amount be extended until the date falling 14 banking days after the holding of the bondholder's meeting (the "Waiver Period") (to which this letter relates) and (ii) that the Trustee summons a bondholders' meeting where the Bondholders can discuss and decide whether to grant the requested extension. After the expiration of the Waiver Period, there will be no grace period.

The members of the Cecon group regret any inconvenience the delayed payment of the Outstanding Interest Amount may cause any of the Bondholders, but as this letter sets out to explain, the cash disposition plan of the Cecon group had to be revised due to circumstances outside the control of the members of that group and those members are using all reasonable endeavours to make sure that such payment is made as soon as practicably possible.

If you or any of the Bondholders have any queries, please do not hesitate to contact the undersigned by email (email: ivar.halvorsen@cecon.no) or by phone (phone no.: +47 48 13 22 45).

Yours sincerely CECON SHIPPING 1A$ AND CECON SHIPPING 2 AS

cecon sHiFPins 1 a s cecon: SHippine 2 a s

Kystveien 226 P.0, Box 165 NO-4801 Arendal Norway

PHONE FAX E-MAIL WEB

+47 370 60 880 +47 37062 899 post@cecon.no http://www.cecon.np

