TrollDrillir _

i/ices

To: Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.

Regarding Bond Agreement - ISIN NO 001 062310.1

02 /01/2013

Please find below a summary of the latest situation regarding the Group.

Information Update: The management and the majority of staff of Troll Drilling and Services Ltd and North Sea Drilling Group AS, resigned at the end of November 2012. The UK operations have similarly been cut-back to essential administrative support only. During November and into December the management of the Group was taken over by the majority shareholder, Blue Capital Private Ltd.

The marine crews from the UK, Norway and elsewhere were stood down and a minimal crewing was put in place. An Independent Technical Audit was undertaken to determine the current status of progress on bringing the rig to operational standards. Following the audit, liaison with major suppliers was carried out to confirm the status of the implementation of their systems and to identify what is required to complete those implementations in both time and financial terms.

The decision was taken to de-man the rig over the holiday period, with Keppel Verolme carrying out fire-watch activities and weekly inspections.

A work schedule and minimal scope has now been drawn up to carry out housekeeping to make the Rig more marketable and to bring essential major works to completion. This will commence in early January for approximately 45 days.

Various parties have shown interest in bareboat charter, charter and purchase of the rig and those negotiations continue.

Financial Impact: Costs have been reduced significantly and further reductions are being worked on with contract suppliers to suspend services temporarily while the future of the Rig and Group is determined.

The majority shareholder has confirmed his ongoing support for the Group and servicing of the Bond in February when both Interest and Redemption become due.

The management thank the Bondholders and Shareholders for their support in the past and currently. We are working to achieve a reasonable outcome for the Group in the early part of this New Year and believe this can be achieved with continued support from Bondholders and Shareholders and through our industry contacts.

For Troll Drill ing & Services Ltd:

Director TrollDrilling & Services Ltd. Spyrou Kyprianou, 27 Ernst & Young blouse, 4001 Limassol, Cyprus

