NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .rrustee.no

To the bondholders in: ISIN: NO 001 033356.0

12% Thule Drilling AS Callable Bond Issue 2006/2009 (the "First Bond Issue")

Oslo, 21 March 2011
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Bondholder Resolution
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM" or the "Loan Trustee") acts as loan trustee for holders of the first lien bonds in the First Lien Bond Issue as described above (the "First Lien Bonds") as issued by Thule Drilling AS (in bankruptcy) (the "Company").
1. Background
NTM has convened this meeting (the "Bondholders' Meeting") upon the request of a group of holders of the First Lien Bonds (the "Instructing Bondholders") holding over 70% of the principal face amount of the First Lien Bonds who have indicated that they agree to support and vote in favour o f the matters referred to herein.
The First Lien Bonds were declared by NTM to be in default on 13 March 2009. The Company entered into bankruptcy on 16 September 2010, and Mr. Ståle Sommernes of the law firm Ro Sommernes was appointed as bankruptcy trustee of the Company (the "Liquidator").
The Instructing Bondholders and their advisers have been working for some two years together with NTM to help NTM protect the interests and rights of holders of the First Lien Bonds (the "Bondholders"). This has involved Instructing Bondholders providing significant amounts of funding for work intended to effect recoveries for Bondholders, including to NTM, to the bankruptcy estate of the Norwegian branch of Norinvest Ltd (one of the guarantors of inter alia the First Lien Bonds), and to support various legal proceedings in the UAE, Norway and elsewhere.
The affairs of the Company and the guarantors of the First Lien Bonds, and their connected persons and entities are complex, and it is expected that the pursuit of recoveries with respect to the First Lien Bonds will take further time, and is likely to involve the incurrence of considerable further expense.
Bondholders have previously resolved in May 2009 (see below) to approve the appointment of certain advisers and brokers, and that enforcement costs should be deducted from enforcement sale proceeds so that, in effect, they would be fairly met on a pro rata basis by all o f the Bondholders. However, given the passage of time and the additional further time and expense that is expected to be involved in continuing the pursuit of recoveries with respect to the First Lien Bonds, it is proposed that the May 2009 resolutions be revisited and further developed. In particular, the continued provision of funding bears with it inevitable risks involved in any litigation, enforcement and insolvency proceedings, and it is proposed that such risk be appropriately compensated.

MAILING ADDRESS UKDOCS/20S709.3
+47 22 87 94 00 fax

1
« P.O.BOX 14 7 0 VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LOCATION O HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

+47 22 87 94 10 org.nr v no 963 3 4 2 624 M VA e-m ail m ail@ trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .tru .sree. no
In addition, certain recent events require approvals from the Bondholders on the retention of legal counsel and other advisers and consultants, and agreement as to the funding of the bankruptcy estate of the Company.
2. Advisers to the Committee
On 19 May 2009, Bondholder resolutions (the "2009 Resolutions") were passed ratifying, inter alia, the appointment of Berwin Leighton Paisner ("BLP") as co-ordinating counsel and other legal counsel as advised by BLP from time to time, and also approving that costs relating to the appointment of BLP and other legal counsel as advised by BLP, together with certain other enforcement costs, should be deducted from any recoveries received by the Loan Trustee prior to the Bondholders receiving the remaining proceeds.
The Instructing Bondholders have recently instructed Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP ("Bingham") to replace BLP. Accordingly, Bondholders are requested to ratify the appointment of Bingham, and certain other legal counsel and consultants as retained or advised by Bingham or any substitute lead coordinating counsel (together the "Bondholder Advisors") in connection with the continued protection, preservation and enforcement of the Bondholders' rights with respect to the First Lien Bonds, and to approve the payment of the Bondholder Advisors' fees, costs, expenses and disbursements from recoveries with respect to the First Lien Bonds in priority to any amounts being paid or distributed to Bondholders.
3. Bondholder Expenses
As per the 2009 Resolutions, enforcement costs are to be deducted from any recoveries received by the Loan Trustee prior to the Bondholders receiving the remaining proceeds.
Approval is now being sought from the Bondholders for the possibility of a revised funding mechanism whereby Bondholders (or their affiliates) can provide loan funding for the purpose of meeting fees, costs, expenses and disbursements in connection with the continued protection, preservation and/or enforcement of the Bondholders' rights and pursuing recoveries with respect to the First Lien Bonds, as set out below (together, the "Bondholder Expenses"), on a basis shared by all of the Bondholders, Bondholder Expenses may include (but shall not be limited to) the following:
(a) fees, costs, expenses and disbursements incurred by the Loan Trustee, including for its own advisers and counsel, including (without limitation) BA-HR as lead counsel to the Loan Trustee;
(b) the fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of the Bondholder Advisors;
(c) other fees, costs, expenses or disbursements incurred by the Instructing Bondholders in furtherance of the protection, preservation and/or enforcement of the Bondholders' rights.
It is proposed that the funding mechanism for Bondholder Expenses be in the form of one or more limited-recourse loans to the Loan Trustee, or a special purpose entity that is directly or indirectly controlled by the Loan Trustee (a "Funding SPV"), on the terms set out below (the "Bondholder Loan").
UKDOCS/205709.3

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .m istee.no
In order to simplify and keep cost efficient the administration of the Bondholder Loans, it is likely that the minimum amount of any Bondholder's Loan (from any Bondholder and its affiliates) will be US$500,000.
It is proposed that any Bondholder Expenses incurred or paid since 31 January 2011 may form part of the Bondholder Loan, and the Bondholder Loan would accrue interest at a rate of 20% per annum on amounts funded from the time they are deposited with the Loan Trustee (whether directly or on an escrow basis), which is consistent with the cost of funding and risk involved in other similar distressed situations (the "Interest Rate") It is also proposed that all Bondholder Expenses incurred prior to 31 January 2011, which in aggregate amount to $11,231, 423.511, are converted into a Bondholder Loan and accrue interest at the Interest Rate from the date of the Bondholders' Meeting.
Subject to paragraph 4 below, the Bondholder Loan to the Loan Trustee (plus interest) would be repayable by the Loan Trustee on a priority basis out of (but subject to there being) amounts recovered or received by the Loan Trustee with respect to the First Lien Bonds, and in priority to any amounts being paid or distributed to Bondholders in respect of the First Lien Bonds. The Loan Trustee will not be personally liable for the Bondholder Loan.
In the event that a Bondholder Loan is provided to a Funding SPV, and subject to paragraph 4 below, an amount equivalent to the principal amount (plus interest) borrowed by the Funding SPV and provided to fund Bondholder Expenses would be payable on a priority basis out of (but subject to there being) amounts recovered or received by the Loan Trustee with respect to the First Lien Bonds, and in priority to any amounts being distributed to Bondholders in respect of the First Lien Bonds. The Funding SPV may have a back-to-back obligation to pay the amounts received from the Loan Trustee to those Bondholders (or their affiliates) that provide the Bondholder Loans.
Repayments of amounts due with respect to all Bondholder Loans shall first be applied to interest, and then to principal.
Any Bondholders who are interested in participating in a Bondholder Loan as a lender should contact the Loan Trustee (contact details below) to express their interest by no later than 5pm (Oslo time) on 30 March 2011.
4. Priority of Bondholder Expenses and Loan Trustee Fees and Expenses
Under Clause 15.3 of the First Bond Issue Loan Agreement (as amended from time to time), fees and expenses payable to the Loan Trustee may be recovered by the Loan Trustee prior to any distributions being made to the Bondholders. As mentioned above, in addition, the 2009 Resolutions authorised the payment or repayment of enforcement costs to be deducted from any recoveries received by the Loan Trustee prior to the Bondholder receiving the remaining proceeds.
The Instructing Bondholders and the Loan Trustee have therefore discussed how to regulate the priority of the Loan Trustee's fees and expenses and the payment or repayment of the enforcement costs/Bondholder Expenses.
1 For the purposes o f performing such conversion, all previously incurred Bondholder Expenses which were originally incurred in currencies other than US Dollars have been converted into U S Dollars at the closing foreign exchange rates specified in Bloomberg as of 11 March 2011.
UKDOCS/205709.3

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.tru stee.no
It is proposed that any payments that the Loan Trustee has made to third parties in protection, preservation or enforcement of the Bondholders' security, up to an amount of NOK 5,436,061 (plus any statutory interest that the Loan Trustee is entitled to claim on this amount) will be paid as a first ranking priority and so will be paid in priority to the enforcement costs/Bondholder Expenses. It is also proposed that the Loan Trustee's own fees amounting to NOK 1,500,000 plus VAT2 together with any annual fees incurred going forward, will he paid as a second ranking priority on a pari passu basis with the repayment of the Bondholder Loan, and shall accrue interest at a rate of 20% per annum (being the same interest rate as accrues on the Bondholder Loan) from the date of the Bondholders' Meeting.
Where recoveries are made from the sale of secured assets or otherwise in respect of the First Lien Bonds, after amounts have been paid to the Estate (as defined below) as required under the terms of the Agreement (as defined below), the Loan Trustee shall be entitled to apply such proceeds in settlement of its fees and expenses on the basis of the above priority and shall also be entitled to use such funds towards the protection, preservation or enforcement of the Bondholders' rights with respect to the First Lien Bonds if the Loan Trustee believes (supported by the agreement of Bondholders holding not less than a majority of the First Lien Bonds) that this will maximise recoveries with respect to the First Lien Bonds.
5. Bankruptcy of the Company
Since the Company entered bankruptcy, the Loan Trustee has been in discussions with the Liquidator on certain issues relating to the funding of the Thule bankruptcy estate (the "Estate"); the scope of the collateral in respect of the First Lien Bonds, and the use of the proceeds of sale of certain equipment within the Company's group located in the UAE (the "UAE Equipment"), which the Loan Trustee believes is subject to that collateral.
The outcome of these discussions is that the Liquidator and the Loan Trustee have reached agreement on terms which resolve these discussions, the terms of which are summarised below (the "Agreement"). The Agreement shall only become effective if the Bondholders approve the Proposals at the Bondholders' Meeting.
By way of background, it is generally considered that the UAE Equipment may have a total realisation value of up to approximately US$2,500,000. Some of the UAE Equipment has already been sold by the Estate, and the Estate was in funds for UAE Equipment that was agreed to be sold prior to the commencement of the Company's bankruptcy. The total amount involved is some US$876,000 plus approximately NOK4.2 million. All or almost all of the US$876,000 amount has been already been utilised to fund the operations of the Estate to date, and the NOK 4.2 million amount resides in an escrow account controlled by the Liquidator and NTM (the "Escrow Account").
The Agreement envisages the following:
(1) The US$876,000 shall be treated as funds of the Estate.
(2) In addition, a further approximately NOK2.2 million (equivalent to approximately US$374,000) shall be treated as funds of the Estate and reserved for matters related to
2 Covers the period up to 31 December 2011.
UKDOCS/205709.3

NO RSK TILLITSM ANN ASA \v\v\v. it usreeMKi
the closing of the Estate, including (if applicable) distribution to unsecured claims in the Estate (including any interest claim with respect to the First Lien Bonds).
(3) NTM shall provide initial loan funding on an interest free basis to the Estate in the amount of approximately NOK2.6 million, which shall be partially funded from the balance in the Escrow Account, and otherwise from further sales of UAE Equipment or funding provided by NTM (e.g, with the proceeds of the Bondholder Loan). The initial loan funding is to be utilised towards workstreams agreed between NTM and the Estate.
(4) NTM may provide further loans to the Estate currently envisaged to be a total aggregate of US$1,250,000 in response to funding requests from the Estate, supported by a budget that includes proposed workstreams.
(5) The loans by NTM to the Estate will be provided on a limited recourse basis, and will be repayable out of Estate revoveries after the payment of Estate expenses.
(6) The Estate accepts the validity of NTM's security interest that the subsidiaries of the Company own the Thule Power, Thule Force and Thule Energy (together, the "Rigs") and the various equiment relating thereto and otherwise in the Company's group, and accepts the collateral liens held by NTM with respect to the Rigs and such equipment.
Amongst other things, the Loan Trustee is requesting Bondholders to approve it entering into the Agreement, with final specific terms in a form satisfactory to Bingham and BAHR that substantially implement the same terms set out above, and to lend further amounts to the Estate as a continuation or amendment of the Agreement. Approval is also sought for the loan to the Estate to equally be provided by the Funding SPV, and for NTM to agree amendments to the loan arrangements that it considers, in consultation with Bingham and BAHR, to be in the interests of Bondholders.
6. The Committee
The May 19 2009 Bondholders' meeting ratified the decision of the Instructing Bondholders to form a co-ordination committee. The Loan Trustee believes that as the enforcement and recovery process continues, it will become increasingly necessaiy for it to obtain feedback and approvals from Bondholders at short notice. Accordingly, it is proposed that the Loan Trustee be permitted to obtain instructions and/or directions from some or all of the Bondholders holding at least a majority of the First Lien Bonds at any given time in connection with the enforcement and protection of the Bondholders' rights with respect to the First Lien Bonds, without the need for a Bondholders' Meeting, provided that those instructions or direction would not require a 2/3 Bondholder under the loan agreement for the First Lien Bonds.
For these purposes, it is proposed that Instructing Bondholders holding a majority of the First Lien Bonds be able to operate as an ad hoc committee (the "Committee") which can provide such instructions and/or directions to the Loan Trustee, and establish its own rules and procedures for doing so, in order to seek to ensure that delay in decision-making and communications does not result from the non-availability of any particular member of the Committee.
The Instructing Bondholders shall not be liable to any other Bondholders for any actions they may or may not take, or any instructions they may or may not give to the Loan Trustee, in each case in good faith. Further, nor shall any of the Bondholder Advisors have any duty of care or
UKDOCS/205709.3

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .tru s le r,no
responsibility to any Bondholders other than those Instructing Bondholders by whom they are engaged.
7. Distributions
All future distributions after repayment o f the Bondholder Loans, whether in respect o f accrued but unpaid interest, default interest, call premium, principal or otherwise, will be paid to persons or entities who are Bondholders on the date that the distributions are made without giving any consideration to who were the holders o f record of the First Lien Bonds at the time of past record dates or interest payment dates or to the non-payment of any interest payments with respect to the First Lien Bonds,
For the avoidance of doubt, this means that any persons or entities that were Bondholders prior to the date of any distribution, but are not Bondholders as at the date of the relevant distribution, will not be entitled to receive any distributions, including any amounts in respect of unpaid interest. Any such person or entity that does not agree to the aforementioned mentioned distribution should provide evidence to the Loan Trustee that they remain entitled to receive a payment in respect of unpaid interest as soon as possible.
8. The Proposals
In summary, the following is proposed to Bondholders for approval, in each case as described in more detail above (the "Proposals"):
(a) The Bondholders shall ratify the appointment of the Bondholder Advisers;
(b) The Loan Trustee may enter into such agreements and documentation (in a form satisfactory to Bingham) as may be required to put in place the Bondholder Loan on the terms described summons above;
(c) The Loan Trustee shall be authorised to enter into any documentation (in a form satisfactory to Bingham and BAHR) that implements the Agreement, extends the amounts lent or to be lent thereunder, the provision of funding in relation thereto by a Funding SPV, and any amendments to the loan arrangement that it considers, in consultation with Bingham and BAHR, to be in the interests of Bondholders;
(d) The Loan Trustee may make payment (or reimbursement o f the funding) of:
(i) Bondholder Advisors' fees, costs, expenses and disbursements; and
(ii) amounts borrowed by the Loan Trustee or a Funding SPV with respect to all Bondholder Loans (plus interest),
in each case as a first priority out of amounts recovered or received by the Loan Trustee in connection with the First Lien Bonds and before it makes any payments or distributions to Bondholders with respect to the First Lien Bonds; and
(e) The Loan Trustee may act on the instructions of Bondholders holding not less than a majority of the First Lien Bonds (including in the form of a Committee) at any given time, in connection with the enforcement and protection of
UKDOCS/205709.3

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .ln is r e e .n o
Bondholders' rights with respect to the First Lien Bonds, without the need for a Bondholders' Meeting, provided that those instructions or direction would not require a decision from 2/3 of the First Lien Bonds represented at a Bondholders' Meeting under the loan agreement for the First Lien Bonds;
(f) The Instructing Bondholders shall not be liable to any other Bondholders for any actions they may or may not take, or any instructions they may or may not give to the Loan Trustee, in each case in good faith. Further, nor shall any of the Bondholder Advisors have any duty of care or responsibility to any Bondholders other than those Instructing Bondholders by whom they are engaged; and
(g) That future distributions to Bondholders shall be made to holders of the First Lien Bonds on the date of the relevant distribution as determined by the Loan Trustee in accordance with Sections 4 and 7 above.
Evaluation of the Proposal
NTM puts the request forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendation, and amplifies that each Bondholder cast its vote on the Bondholders' meeting based on its own judgement.
Summons for Bondholders' meeting.
Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting in the First Bond Issue:
Time: 30 March 2011 at 13:00 (Oslo time). Place: The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VII's gate 1, Oslo
Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons and the matters and Proposals described therein
2. Approval of the agenda
3. Election of two bondholders to sign the minutes together with the chairperson
It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:
The Bondholders ' meeting irrevocably approves the Proposals as described in Section 1 to 7 above in the summons to this Bondholders' meeting and any other terms necessary to implement the Proposals.
The Bondholders' meeting irrevocably grants the Loan Trustee a power o f attorney, on the Bondholders' behalf to negotiate, approve, sign, execute and deliver any agreement, instrument or other document, and to take any and all such other action that the Loan Trustee deems necessary to carry out the decisions made by the Bondholders' meeting, in each case in such manner, and/or format and/or with such content as the Loan Trustee may in its discretion thinks fit.
UKDOCS/205709.3

I » # © N O R SK TILLITSM A N N ASA
\vw\v. tru s te e .n o

The Bondholders meeting further irrevocably grants the Loan Trustee the authority, on behalf o f the Bondholders to approve any minor adjustment to the resolutions needed to facilitate the implementation o f the Proposal.
According to the Bond Loan Agreement, the Proposals must be approved by the First Lien Bondholders' meeting. For a valid resolution, a minimum presence of 2/10 of the outstanding bonds in the First Lien Bonds is required. Further, consent from at least 2/3 of the votes cast is required in order for the proposal to be formally approved.
0O0
Please find enclosed a print-out from VPS, indicating your bondholding at the date o f the print out. This print-out will serve as proof of ownership3 of the bonds and of the voting rights of the individual Bondholder at the Bondholders' meeting in accordance with the provisions of the Bond Loan Agreement. The individual Bondholder may authorise Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Trustee to vote on its behalf. A duly signed power of attorney, enclosing a copy of the complete print-out from VPS, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann ASA to vote must then be sent to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA by post (P.O. Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Norway) or via telefax (+47 22 87 94 10) or scanned email tpost@trustee.no') in due time before the meeting is scheduled.
In the event that bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must present to the meeting or enclose to the power of attorney, as the case may be, the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer. Please refer to the Bond Agreement for details.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann ASA by telephone no. +47 22 87 94 00 or by e-mail fpost@trustee.no ) within 16:00 hours the business days before the Bondholders' meeting.

Best regards ForNpisk Tillitsmann-ASA

Ola Nygård

Enclosure:

1

- VPS Statement / Power of attorney form

3 If the bonds are held in custody other than in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (" Verdipapirsentralen" - "VPS"), an evidence provided from the custodian - confirming that you are the beneficial owner o f the bonds, in which account number the bonds are held and the amount o f bonds owned have to be obtained and brought along to the First Lien Bondholder's meeting or enclosed to the power o f attorney, as the case may be.
UKDOCS/205709.3

