NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA

To the bondholders in:

ISIN NO 001 0715212 -

10 per cent Latina Offshore Holding Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016 with step up

Oslo, 30 September 2016

Non-payment
Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bonds") issued by Latina Offshore Holding Limited (the "Issuer").
Reference is made to original bond agreement dated 30 July 2014, including its first and second amendment agreement, (the "Bond Agreement") between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Bond Agreement.
Bondholders are hereby informed that the Issuer will not repay the Bonds or pay accured interest at the Maturity Date of 30 September 2016, both events constituting and Event of Default under the Bond Agreement.
We understand from that the Issuer has initiated discussions with a group of Bondholders with respect to, but not necessarily limited to, the Event of Default, with an aim to agree on a proposal for further consideration by all Bondholders.
Further, please also be informed that the maturity date in the Securities Depositoiy system (VPS) has been set to 31 October 2016. This is merely a system technical adoption in order to maintain the ISIN of the Bonds. It does not effect the terms of the Bonds and has no other implications whatsoever.
Nothing in this notice shall be, or be deemed to be, an amendment to any provision of the Bond Agreement or any waiver of any breach or potential breach (present or future) of any provision of the Bond Agreement or waiver of any obligations and/or of the rights and remedies of the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee.
All rights under the Bond Agreement are expressly reserved.

Yours sincerely, Nordic Trustee ASA

lorten S. Bredesen

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

