NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne meldingen till obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA.
To the bondholders in: ISIN: NO 001060572.8 - PA Resources AB 12.25 % Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016
Oslo, 10 February 2015 SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING - REQUEST TO AMEND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS AND FOR WAIVER OF FINANCIAL COVENANTS Nordic Trustee ASA (formerly known as Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) (the "Bond Trustee") acts as loan trustee for the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in the "12.25 % PA Resources AB Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016" with ISIN: NO 001060572.8 (the "Bond Issue"), where PA Resources AB (publ) is the issuer (the "Issuer"). All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this summons (the "Summons") shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the agreement, as amended, for the Bond Issue (the "Bond Agreement"). The information in this Summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information. To enable the Issuer to conduct the proposed changes of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes. 1. BACKGROUND AND CORPORATE UPDATE As part of its recapitalization efforts, the Issuer in October 2014 called for, and Bondholders agreed to, inter alia, a deferral of interest payments under the Bonds until 5 February 2015. Since October 2014, PA Resources has held an active and constructive dialogue with an informal committee of bondholders in the NOK and SEK bond issues (the "Bondholder Committee"), and the Bond Trustee's appointed legal and financial advisors, Akin Gump' LLP and Evercore Partners International LLP respectively, who have recently completed a thorough due diligence review, as well as with the Gunvor Group, the Issuer's largest shareholder and creditor, regarding the long-term business and financing plan of the Issuer.
1

However, since October 2014, global oil prices have experienced a substantial decline, from levels around USD 85/bbl to current levels of USD 45-50/bbl (Brent spot prices). Furthermore, the Issuer and EnQuest pic have on 31 January 2015 terminated and reversed the farm-down transaction in relation to the Didon producing oil field, and the USD 23 million which was held in escrow has been returned to EnQuest and the Issuer is now 100 per cent, owner of the Didon concession. As a consequence, the transaction in respect of the Zarat permit was also terminated on 31 January 2015. Additional time will therefore be required to prepare a long-term business and financing plan.
In early February 2015, the Issuer owes interest payments on its (i) Working Capital Facility originally dated 31 March 2014 ("WCF"), (ii) Reserve Based Lending Facility originally dated 21 December 2011 ("RBL"), (iii) NOK bonds and (iv) SEK bonds (together the "Debt Facilities" and each a "Debt Facility") amounting to a total of approximately USD 30.4 million, whereof approximately USD 26.4 million relates to interest payments on the company's bonds (split USD 17.1 million and USD 9.3 million for the NOK and SEK bond issues respectively). Given its current liquidity position, the Issuer will not be able to settle these interest payments in cash and hence proposes to further defer all interest payments on all its Debt Facilities until 31 March 2015. During this period, it is the intention of the Issuer to further progress discussions with its key stakeholders regarding a long-term business plan and corresponding financing plan for the development and maturing of the Issuer's asset portfolio.
Further, the Issuer expects to record an impairment of fixed assets by approximately SEK 2.100 million in its year-end report 2014. The impairment is a consequence of the recent sharp decline in global oil prices. Further information will be provided in the year-end report. As a result of the impairment, the Issuer expects to be in breach of certain financial covenants under the Bonds as of Q4 2014 and the Issuer therefore also requests a temporary waiver of these covenants until 31 March 2015.
The Issuer has also agreed in principle an arrangement with its largest creditor and shareholder, the Gunvor Group, regarding deferral of payment of interest under the RBL and any interest under the WCF. As part of that arrangement the Gunvor Group will accept that all accrued but unpaid interest (in total approximately USD 4.0 million) together with any future interest payments due in the period prior to 31 March 2015 will be deferred until 31 March 2015. The deferrals are, however, conditional upon the acceptance by the requisite majorities of the bondholders in each of the NOK and SEK bond issues respectively of the proposed amendments for which the bondholders' meetings have been summoned.
It is the view of the Issuer's management and board of directors that a timely execution of the proposal is in the best interest of all the Issuer's stakeholders. Approval of the proposed amendments will give the Issuer necessary time to finalize a long-term business plan and corresponding financing plan acceptable to all stakeholders.
For further details and Issuer update, reference is made to (i) stock exchange notices and press releases issued on the Issuer's website (www.paresources.se), (ii) the presentation published on the Issuer's website dated 18 September 2014, and (iii) the Issuer's unaudited Q3 2014 report published
2

on 29 October 2014. The Bondholders are encouraged to review such information and, if necessaiy, consult with the Issuer for any further details. 2. STANDSTILL UNDERTAKING BY THE BOND TRUSTEE PENDING
BONDHOLDERS' DECISION The next interest payment under the Bond Agreement and the payment of interest accrued on the Deferred Interest Amount (as defined below) fell due on 5 February 2015. Unless instructed otherwise by the Bondholders, the Bond Trustee undertakes not to declare an Event of Default due to non payment of such amounts due on 5 February 2015 during the period until the Proposal has been resolved upon by the Bondholders. The standstill may be withdrawn by the Bond Trustee at any time, in its sole discretion. 3. PROPOSAL
(a) Pursuant to the information provided above, the Issuer requests that the Bondholders adopt the necessaiy resolutions to waive and amend the terms and conditions of the Bond Agreement to ensure that (the proposed amendments and resolutions herein are jointly referred to as the "Proposal"):
i. the interest payment due on the Interest Payment Date in October 2014 (which was originally deferred until 5 February 2015) is further deferred until 31 March 2015 (the "New Deferred Interest Payment" and the "New Deferred Payment Date" respectively), unless brought forward in accordance with (xiv) below;
ii. the interest payable amount due on the New Deferred Payment Date shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Interest Payment Date in April 2014 to, but excluding, the New Deferred Payment Date;
iii. for the period from, and including, the Interest Payment Date in October 2014 to, but excluding, the New Deferred Payment Date, the accrued interest amount which fell due in October 2014 (the "Deferred Interest Amount") will carry an interest which accrues at an interest rate of 12.25 per cent, per annum (calculated pursuant to Clause 9.4 of the terms and conditions in the Bond Agreement) and is payable by the Issuer on the New Deferred Payment Date (for the avoidance of doubt, interest in the event of late payment pursuant to clause 11.4 of the Bond Agreement shall not apply with respect to the Deferred Interest Amount from the Interest Payment Date in October 2014 to the New Deferred Payment Date);
iv. the Bondholders waive the requirement under Clause 11.4.1 of the Bond Agreement for the Issuer to pay default interest on the interest payment amount overdue during the period from 5 February 2015 until the Proposal has been subject to a resolution;
3

v. the New Deferred Interest Payment and the payment of the additional interest set out in (iii) above shall be made to such person who is entitled to receive the interest payment on the New Deferred Payment Date;
vi. the Issuer undertakes not to make any dividends or other distributions or payments to shareholders prior to the New Deferred Payment Date (which for the avoidance of doubt shall not exclude payments in respect of adviser fees which the Issuer is obliged to pay, or make payments in respect of, under or in connection with the relevant Debt Facilities);
vii. the Issuer undertakes during the period from (and including) 5 February 2015 until (and including) the New Deferred Payment Date that it shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall make, incur or commit to make or incur, whether directly or indirectly any capital expenditure exceeding (whether in an individual instance or a series of instances) an amount equal to USD 1.000.000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), without the prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of the Bond Trustee (acting in its sole discretion) after consultation with the Bond Trustee's advisers, provided however that the Issuer and the Group Companies are permitted to make capital expenditure which prior to the date of this Summons they (i) have committed to third parties to make or (ii) are voted into participating in under any joint operating agreements with their respective co-venturers;
viii. beginning on 6 February 2015 and by close of business on each following Friday until the New Deferred Payment Date, the Issuer undertakes to provide to the Bond Trustee and the Bond Trustee's advisers a 13 week forward-looking cash flow forecast, broken down by week, setting out for each week (A) the opening cash balance, (B) a detailed breakdown of cash flow from operating activities, financing activities and investing activities, (C) the closing cash balance and (D) an explanation of any significant variations from the previous forecast. The format of such 13 week forward-looking cash flow forecast shall be discussed with, and approved by, the Bond Trustee (acting in its sole discretion) after consultation with the Bond Trustee's advisers prior to the Bondholders' Meeting contemplated by this Summons;
ix. the Issuer undertakes to provide the Bond Trustee and the Bond Trustee's advisers, on an ongoing basis, access to the management team through weekly update calls between the management of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee's advisers and any informal ad-hoc committee of bondholders (provided that the members of the informal ad-hoc committee of bondholders are subject to customary confidentiality undertakings);
x. the Issuer, the Group Companies and their advisers shall engage and work in good faith with the Bondholders and the creditors under the Debt Facilities and their respective advisers to discuss and prepare contingency planning options;
4

xi. the Bondholders waive the Event of Default occurring due to non-payment of the interest payment due on 5 February 2015 during the period from the occurrence of the Event of Default until the Proposal has been subject to a resolution;
xii. no Event of Default is considered to have occurred in connection with the decision to further defer the interest payment which was originally due in October 2014 to the New Deferred Payment Date or effect the amendments adopted in accordance with the Proposal;
xiii. the New Deferred Payment Date shall (if applicable) be determined to be an earlier date being the date that is the earlier of (A) 3 Business Days' following (and including) the date on which the Bond Trustee gives written notice of the same to the Issuer with the approval of Bondholders holding a simple majority of the Voting Bonds (whether in writing or at a Bondholders' meeting); or (B) the date on which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pays or settles any amount, whether principal, interest, fees (other than adviser fees which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is obliged to pay, or make payments in respect of, under or in connection with the relevant Debt Facilities) or otherwise, on any other Debt Facility;
xiv. Clause 9.7.2 (a) of the Bond Agreement according to which the Deferred Payment Date under the Bond Agreement may be brought forward (without any further action on behalf of the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee) if under any other Debt Facility the relevant deferred interest payment date under such Debt Facility has been brought forward, will remain unchanged;
xv. compliance with the financial covenants set out in Clause 13.5 (Preservation o f equity and Financial Covenants), subparagraphs (b) (Equity Ratio) and (c) (Minimum Equity), of the Bond Agreement, is temporarily waived by the Bondholders for the period until the New Deferred Payment Date as well as the requirement for the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.2.3 to issue a compliance certificate in connection with the financial statements relating to the financial period ending on 31 December 2014 and no Event of Default due to any breach of such financial covenants shall be deemed to have occurred during such time period; and
xvi. the required time period within which a summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched shall be changed to no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting.
(b) The Proposal would entail the following amendments of the terms and conditions of the Bond Agreement:
5

Current wordin» wording in italics):
Clause 1.1

(amcndcd/dclctcd Proposed wording (new wording in italics): Clause 1.1

"13 Weeks Cash Flow Forecast" means a 13 week forward-looking cash flow forecast, broken down by week, setting out for each week (i) the opening cash balance, (ii) a detailed breakdown o f cash flow from operating activities, financing activities and investing activities, (Hi) the closing cash balance and (iv) an explanation o f any significant variations from the previous forecast, in a format satisfactory to the Bond Trustee (acting in its sole discretion) after consultation with the Bond Trustee's Advisers.

"Bond Trustee's Advisers" mean the advisers retainedfrom time to time by the Bond Trustee in connection with the issue o f the Bonds and a potential restructuring, as at the date o f this Summons being Akin Gump LLP and Evercore Partners International LLP.

"Capital Expenditure" means any expenditure or obligation in respect o f expenditure which, in accordance with applicable accounting principles, is treated as capital expenditure (and including the capital element o f any expenditure or obligation incurred in connection with any finance lease).

"Debt Facility Payment Date" means 5 February 2015, being the interest payment date under each of the Debt Facilities (other than the SEK Bond), and 7 February 2015, being the interest payment date under the SEK Bond, to which the next payment of interest has been deferred.

"Debt Facility Payment Date" means 31 March 2015, being the interest payment date under each of the Debt Facilities, to which the next payment of interest has been deferred.

6

"Deferred Payment Date" means J February 2015, or such earlier date as is determined in accordance with Clause 9.7.

"Deferred Payment Date" means 31 March 2015, or such earlier date as is determined in accordance with Clause 9.7.

"Permitted Capital Expenditure "means capital expenditure which prior to 5 February 2015, the Issuer or a Group Company (i) has committed to thirdparties to make or (ii) is voted into participating in under anyjoint operating agreements with its co-venturers.

Clause 9.7.1

Clause 9.7.1

The Deferred Payment Date shall (if applicable) be determined to be a date earlier than 5 February 2015, being the date that is 30 days following (and including) the date on which the Bond Trustee gives written notice of the same to the Issuer with the approval of Bondholders if Bondholders holding a simple majority of the Voting Bonds have instructed it to do so either by (i) written instruction to the Bond Trustee or (ii) a resolution passed in a Bondholders' Meeting.

The Deferred Payment Date shall (if applicable) be determined to be a date earlier than 31 March 2015, being the date that is 3 Business Days following (and including) the date on which the Bond Trustee gives written notice of the same to the Issuer with the approval of Bondholders if Bondholders holding a simple majority of the Voting Bonds have instructed it to do so either by (i) written instruction to the Bond Trustee or (ii) a resolution passed in a Bondholders' Meeting.

Clause 9.7.2(b)

Clause 9.7.2 (b)

if the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pays if the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pays or

or settles any amount (whether principal, settles any amount, whether principal, interest,

interest, fees or otherwise) with respect to fees (other than adviserfees which the Issuer or

any other Debt Facility, the Deferred

any o f its Subsidiaries is obliged to pay, or make

Payment Date under this Bond Agreement payments in respect of, under or in connection

shall be construed to be the same date as the with the relevant Debt Facilities) or otherwise,

relevant payment or settlement occurs

with respect to any other Debt Facility, the

under the other Debt Facility, without any Deferred Payment Date under this Bond

further action on behalf of the Bondholders Agreement shall be construed to be the same date

or the Bond Trustee.

as the relevant payment or settlement occurs

under the other Debt Facility, without any further

action on behalf of the Bondholders or the Bond

Trustee.

7

Clause 13.2.1 (j)
provide the Bond Trustee and the Bond Trustee's Advisers on a weekly basis beginning on 6 February 2015 and on each following Friday until the New Deferred Payment Date with the 13 Weeks Cash FIom>Forecast.
Clause 13.2.1 (k)
on an ongoing basis, give the Bond Trustee and the Bond Trustee's Advisers access to the management team through weekly update calls between the management o f the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee's Advisers and any informal ad-hoc committee o f bondholders (provided that the members o f the informal adhoc committee o f bondholders are subject to customary confidentiality undertakings).
Clause 13.6 Capital Expenditure
During the period from (and including) 5 February 2015 until (and including) the New Deferred Payment Date, the Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, make, incur or commit to make or incur, whether directly or indirectly, any Capital Expenditure (other than Permitted Capital Expenditure) exceeding (whether in an individual instance or a series o f instances) an amount equal to USD 1.000.000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), without the prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) o f the Bond Trustee (acting in its sole discretion) after consultation with the Bond Trustee's Advisers.
Clause 13.7 Contingency Planning
The Issuer, the Group Companies and their advisers shall engage and work in good faith with the bondholders and the creditors under the Debt Facilities and their respective advisers to
8

discuss and prepare contingency planning options and agree in good faith with them any milestones (if any) considering the interests o f all stakeholders and creditors o f the Group.

Clause 15.1. (k) Certain Undertakings

The Issuer fails to duly comply with any o f its obligations under Clause 13.2.1.Q) and (k), 13.6. and 13.7.

Clause 16.2,4

Clause 16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 5 - five - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

(c) Subject to item (f) below, the amendments of the Bond Agreement pursuant to the Proposal shall take effect immediately upon approval.
(d) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised, at its discretion, to consent to amendments to the terms and conditions of the Proposal and/or the Bond Agreement on behalf of the Bondholders where such amendments (i) are of a minor or technical nature, (ii) are otherwise consistent with the Proposal and are required in order to implement the Proposal, or (iii) would not adversely affect the position of the Bondholders.
(e) Other than any amendments prompted by the Proposal, the terms and conditions of the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged and continue to apply in their existing form.
(f) Resolutions as per the Proposal are conditional upon (A) the approval of the proposal directed to the bondholders under the PA Resources AB 13.5% Senior Unsecured Fixed Rate Bond Issue 2013/2016 (the "SEK Bond Agreement") in accordance with Schedule 1. and (B) that the relevant entities of the Gunvor Group which are lenders under the RBL and WCF respectively, have confirmed to the Issuer and the Agent that the amendments of the RBL and

9

the WCF, including a deferral of interest payments thereunder until 31 March 2015, have become effective.

4. FURTHER INFORMATION

The Issuer has retained Pareto Securities AS and Swedbank Norway as financial advisors (the "Advisors"). Accordingly, Bondholders may contact the Advisors as follows for further information; Pareto Securities AS, +47 22 87 87 70 (Oslo) or +46 8 402 5223 (Stockholm) and/or Swedbank Norway, +47 23 11 62 53 (Oslo) or +46-8-700 95 12 (Stockholm).

For further questions to the Bond Trustee, please contact: Fredrik Lundberg at mail@nordictrustee.com or +47 22 87 94 00.

5. NON-RELIANCE

Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders should independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly.

6. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

The Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

25 February 2015 at 13:00 (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VHs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6th floor

Agenda: 1. Approval of the Summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman (whom will be a representative of the Bond Trustee, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting). 4. Request for adoption of the Proposal.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following: The Bondholders 'Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 3 o f the Summons.

10

To approve the Proposal, Bondholders representing at least 50 percent of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the Bondholders' Meeting (in person or by proxy) in order to have a quorum and at least two thirds (2/3) of the Voting Bonds for which Bondholders are voting at the Bondholders' Meeting must consent to the Proposal. If the Proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a bondholders' form from the Securities Register, Schedule 2 (the "B ondholder's F o rm "), indicating your bond holdings at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.) The individual Bondholder may authorize the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post).
In the event that the Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone (+47 22 87 94 00) or by e-mail (mail@nordictrustee.com) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely,
Nordic Trustee ASA
Morten S. Bredesen
Enclosed:
1. Proposal to bondholders under the SEK Bond Agreement 2. Bondholder's Form
11

NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denna kallelse till obligationsinnehavarna är endast utformad på engelska. En kortare version på svenska kommer att publiceras på bolagets och agentens hemsida. För mer information, vänligen kontakta Nordic Trustee & Agency AB.
To the bondholders in: ISIN: SE 000 5392834 - PA Resources AB (publ) 13.5 % Senior Unsecured Fixed Rate Bond Issue 2013/2016
Stockholm, 10 February 2015 NOTICE OF WRITTEN PROCEDURE - REQUEST TO AMEND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS AND FOR WAIVER OF FINANCIAL COVENANTS This voting request for procedure in writing has been sent by courier on 10 February 2015 to Holders directly registered in the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. This voting request has also been sent to NASDAQ OMX Stockholm for publication and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bonds (the "Terms and Conditions"). If you are an authorised nominee under the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act or if you otherwise are holding Bonds on behalf of someone else on a Securities Account, please forward this notice to the holder you represent as soon as possible. For further information, please see below under Section 5 C, (Voting rights and authorisation).
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (formerly known as Swedish Trustee AB) (the "Agent") is under the Terms and Conditions appointed as Agent for the above mentioned bond issue where PA Resources AB (publ) is the issuer (the "Issuer"). In its capacity as Agent, and requested by the Issuer, Nordic Trustee & Agency AB initiates a procedure in writing, whereby Holders can vote for or against the Issuer's request. All capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this notice (the "Notice") shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Terms and Conditions for the bond issue. This voting request, and associated enclosed Schedules 1 and 2, have been construed in accordance with applicable regulations in the Terms and Conditions. Holders participate by completing and sending the Voting Form, attached hereto as Schedule 1. and, if applicable, the Power of Attomey/Authorisation, attached hereto as Schedule 2 or other sufficient evidence, if the Bonds are held in custody other than Euroclear Sweden, to the Agent. Please contact the securities firm you hold your Bonds through if you do not know how your Bonds are registered or if you need authorization or other assistance to participate.
1

The Agent must receive the Voting Form no later than 5.00 p.m. (CET), 25 February 2015, by mail, via courier or e-mail to the addresses indicated below under Section 5 F. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded.
To be eligible to participate in the Written Procedure a person must fulfil the formal criteria for being a Holder on 13 February 2015 (the "Record Date"). This means that the person must be registered on a Securities Account with Euroclear Sweden, the CSD, as a direct registered owner (Sw. direktregistrerad ägare) or authorised nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to one or several Bonds.
The information in this Notice regarding the Issuer and market conditions is provided by the Issuer, and the Agent expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. BACKGROUND AND CORPORATE UPDATE
As part of its recapitalization efforts, the Issuer in October 2014 called for, and Holders agreed to, inter alia, a deferral of interest payments under the Bonds until 7 February 2015.
Since October 2014, PA Resources has held an active and constructive dialogue with an informal committee of bondholders in the NOK and SEK bond issues (the "Bondholder Committee") and the Agent's appointed legal and financial advisors, Akin Gump LLP and Evercore Partners International LLP respectively, who have recently completed a thorough due diligence review, as well as with the Gunvor Group, the Issuer's largest shareholder and creditor, regarding the long-term business and financing plan of the Issuer.
However, since October 2014, global oil prices have experienced a substantial decline, from levels around USD 85/bbl to current levels of USD 45-50/bbl (Brent spot prices). Furthermore, the Issuer and EnQuest pic have on 31 January 2015 terminated and reversed the farm-down transaction in relation to the Didon producing oil field, and the USD 23 million which was held in escrow has been returned to EnQuest and the Issuer is now 100 per cent, owner of the Didon concession. As a consequence, the transaction in respect of the Zarat permit was also terminated on 31 January 2015. Additional time will therefore be required to prepare a long-term business and financing plan.
In early February 2015, the Issuer owes interest payments on its (i) Working Capital Facility originally dated 31 March 2014 ("WCF"), (ii) Reserve Based Lending Facility originally dated 21 December 2011 ("RBL"), (iii) NOK bonds and (iv) SEK bonds (together the "Debt Facilities" and each a "Debt Facility") amounting to a total of approximately USD 30.4 million, whereof approximately USD 26.4 million relates to interest payments on the company's bonds (split USD 17.1 million and USD 9.3 million for the NOK and SEK bond issues respectively). Given its current liquidity position, the Issuer will not be able to settle these interest payments in cash and hence proposes to further defer all interest payments on all its Debt Facilities until 31 March 2015. During this period, it is the intention of the Issuer to further progress discussions with its key stakeholders regarding a long-term business plan and corresponding financing plan for the development and maturing of the Issuer's asset portfolio.
Further, the Issuer expects to record an impairment of fixed assets by approximately SEK 2.100 million in its year-end report 2014. The impairment is a consequence of the recent sharp
2

decline in global oil prices. Further information will be provided in the year-end report. As a result of the impairment, the Issuer expects to be in breach of certain financial covenants under the Bonds as of Q4 2014 and the Issuer therefore also requests a temporaiy waiver of these covenants until 31 March 2015. The Issuer has also agreed in principle an arrangement with its largest creditor and shareholder, the Gunvor Group, regarding deferral of payment of interest under the RBL and any interest under the WCF. As part of that arrangement the Gunvor Group will accept that all accrued but unpaid interest (in total approximately USD 4.0 million) together with any future interest payments due in the period prior to 31 March 2015 will be deferred until 31 March 2015. The deferrals are, however, conditional upon the acceptance by the requisite majorities of the bondholders in each of the NOK and SEK bond issues respectively of the proposed amendments for which the bondholders' meetings have been summoned. It is the view of the Issuer's management and board of directors that a timely execution of the proposal is in the best interest of all the Issuer's stakeholders. Approval of the proposed amendments will give the Issuer necessary time to finalize a long-term business plan and corresponding financing plan acceptable to all stakeholders. For further details and Issuer update, reference is made to (i) stock exchange notices and press releases issued on the Issuer's website (www.paresources.se), (ii) the presentation published on the Issuer's website dated 18 September 2014, and (iii) the Issuer's unaudited Q3 2014 report published on 29 October 2014. The Holders are encouraged to review such information and, if necessary, consult with the Issuer for any further details.
2. STANDSTILL UNDERTAKING BY THE AGENT PENDING HOLDERS' DECISION The next interest payment under the Terms and Conditons and the payment of interest accrued on the Deferred Interest Amount (as defined below) fell due on 7 February 2015. Unless instructed otherwise by the Holders, the Agent undertakes not to declare an Event of Default due to non-payment of such amounts due on 7 February 2015 during the period until the Proposal has been resolved upon by the Holders. The standstill may be withdrawn by the Agent at any time, in its sole discretion.
3. PROPOSAL (a) Pursuant to the information provided above, the Issuer requests that the Holders adopt the necessary resolutions to waive and amend the Terms and Conditions to ensure that (the proposed amendments and resolutions herein are jointly referred to as the "Proposal"):
i. the interest payment due on the Interest Payment Date in October 2014 (which was originally deferred until 7 February 2015) is further deferred until 31 March 2015 (the "New Deferred Interest Payment" and the "New Deferred Payment Date" respectively), unless brought forward in accordance with (xiv) below;
3

ii. the first Interest Period is amended to cover the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date up to (and including) the New Deferred Payment Date, and the following Interest Period covers the period from (but excluding) the New Deferred Payment Date up to (and including) 7 October 2015;
iii. for the period from (but excluding) 7 October 2014 up to (and including) the New Deferred Payment Date, the accrued interest amount which fell due in October 2014 (the "Deferred Interest Amount") will carry an interest which accrues at an interest rate of 13.5 per cent per annum (calculated pursuant to Clause 7.3 of the Terms and Conditions) and is payable by the Issuer on the New Deferred Payment Date (or such date which follows from the Business Day Convention) (for the avoidance of doubt, default interest pursuant to clause 7.4 of the Terms and Conditions shall not apply with respect to the Deferred Interest Amount from the Interest Payment Date in October 2014 to the New Deferred Payment Date);
iv. the Holders waive the requirement under Clause 7.4 of the Terms and Conditions for the Issuer to pay default interest on the interest payment amount overdue during the period from 7 Februaiy 2015 until the Proposal has been subject to a resolution;
v. the New Deferred Interest Payment and the payment of the additional interest set out in (iii) above shall be made to such person who is registered as a Holder on the Record Date prior to the relevant due date of such payments;
vi. the Issuer undertakes not to make any dividends or other distributions or payments to shareholders prior to the New Deferred Payment Date (which for the avoidance of doubt shall not exclude payments in respect of adviser fees which the Issuer is obliged to pay, or make payments in respect of, under or in connection with the relevant Debt Facilities);
vii. the Issuer undertakes during the period from (and including) 5 February 2015 until (and including) the New Deferred Payment Date that it shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall make, incur or commit to make or incur, whether directly or indirectly any capital expenditure exceeding (whether in an individual instance or a series of instances) an amount equal to USD 1.000.000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), without the prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of the Agent (acting in its sole discretion) after consultation with the Agent's advisers, provided however that the Issuer and the Group Companies are permitted to make capital expenditure which prior to the date of this Notice they (i) have committed to third parties to make or (ii) are voted into participating in under any joint operating agreements with their respective co-venturers;
viii. beginning on 6 February 2015 and by close of business on each following Friday until the New Deferred Payment Date, the Issuer undertakes to provide to the Agent and the
4

Agent's advisers a 13 week forward-looking cash flow forecast, broken down by week, setting out for each week (A) the opening cash balance, (B) a detailed breakdown of cash flow from operating activities, financing activities and investing activities, (C) the closing cash balance and (D) an explanation of any significant variations from the previous forecast. The format of such 13 week forward-looking cash flow forecast shall be discussed with, and approved by, the Agent (acting in its sole discretion) after consultation with the Agent's advisers prior to the conclusion of the Written Procedure contemplated by this Notice;
ix. the Issuer undertakes to give the Agent and the Agent's advisers, on an ongoing basis, access to the management team through weekly update calls between the management of the Issuer, the Agent, the Agent's advisers and any informal ad-hoc committee of bondholders (provided that the members of the informal ad-hoc committee of bondholders are subject to customary confidentiality undertakings);
x. the Issuer, the Group Companies and their advisers shall engage and work in good faith with the Holders and the creditors under the Debt Facilities and their respective advisers to discuss and prepare contingency planning options;
xi. the Holders waive the Event of Default occurring due to non-payment of the interest payment due on 7 February 2015 during the period from the occurrence of the Event of Default until the Proposal has been subject to a resolution;
xii. no Event of Default is considered to have occurred in connection with the decision to further defer the interest payment which was originally due in October 2014 to the New Deferred Payment Date or effect the amendments adopted in accordance with the Proposal;
xiii. the New Deferred Payment Date shall (if applicable) be determined to be an earlier date being the date that is the earlier of (A) 3 Business Days' following (and including) the date on which the Agent gives written notice of the same to the Issuer with the approval of Holders holding a simple majority of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (whether in writing or at a Holders' meeting); or (B) the date on which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pays or settles any amount, whether principal, interest, fees (other than adviser fees which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is obliged to pay, or make payments in respect of, under or in connection with the relevant Debt Facilities) or otherwise, on any other Debt Facility;
xiv. Clause 7.7 (b)(i) of the Terms and Conditions according to which the Deferred Payment Date under the Terms and Conditions may be brought forward (without any further action on behalf of the Holders or the Agent) if under any other Debt Facility the relevant deferred interest payment date under such Debt Facility has been brought forward, will remain unchanged;
5

xv. compliance with the financial covenants set out in Clause 9.2 (Financial covenants) of the Terms and Conditions, i.e. the minimum Book Equity Ratio and minimum Total Shareholders' Equity, is temporarily waived by the Holders for the period until the New Deferred Payment Date as well as the requirement for the Issuer to issue a Compliance Certificate in connection with the Financial Reports relating to the financial period ending on 31 December 2014 and no Event of Default due to any breach of such financial covenants shall be deemed to have occurred during such time period; and
xvi. the required time period within which a Holders' Meeting shall be held is changed to at least 5 Business Days from the notice to convene the meeting, but no later than 10 Business Days from such notice, and the stipulated time period within which a Holder must reply to a request under a Written Procedure is decreased to 5 Business Days from the relevant communication.

(b) The Proposal would entail the following amendments of the Terms and Conditions:

Current wording wording in italics):
Clause 1.1

(nmcnded/dclctcd ! Proposed wording (new wording in | italics):
Clause 1.1
"13 Weeks Cash Flow Forecast" means a 13 weekforward-looking cashflow forecast, broken down by week, setting out for each week (i) the opening cash balance, (ii) a detailed breakdown o f cash flow from operating activities, financing activities and investing activities, (in) the closing cash balance and (iv) an explanation o f any significant variations from the previous forecast, in a format satisfactoiy to the Agent (acting in its sole discretion) after consultation with the Agent's Advisers.

"Agent's Advisers" mean the advisers retained from time to time by the Agent in connection with the issue o f the Bonds and a potential restructuring, as at the date o f this Notice being Akin Gump LLP and Evercore Partners International LLP.

"Capital Expenditure" means any expenditure or obligation in respect o f

6

expenditure which, in accordance with applicable accounting principles, is treated as capital expenditure (and including the capital element o f any expenditure or obligation incurred in connection with any finance lease).

"Debt Facility Payment Date" means 5 "Debt Facility Payment Date" means 31

February 2015, being the interest payment March 2015, being the interest payment date

date under each of the Debt Facilities to under each of the Debt Facilities to which

which the next payment of interest has been the next payment of interest has been

deferred.

deferred.

"Deferred Payment Date" means "Deferred Payment Date" means 31 7 February 2015, or such earlier date as is March 2015, or such earlier date as is determined in accordance with Clause 7.7. determined in accordance with Clause 7.7.

"Permitted Capital Expenditure" means capital expenditure which prior to 5 February 2015, the Issuer or a Group Company (i) has committed to third parties to make or (ii) is voted into participating in under any joint operating agreements with its co-venturers.

Clause 7.6

Clause 7.6

The payment o f the Deferred Interest The accrued interest due on the Deferred

Amount and the interest set out in Clause 7.5 Payment Date, including the interest set out

above shall be made to such person who is in Clause 7.5 above, shall be made to such

registered as a Holder on the Record Date person who is registered as a Holder on the

prior to the relevant due date of such Record Date prior to the relevant due date of

payments.

such payments.

Clause 7.7

Clause 7.7

(a) The Deferred Payment Date shall (if applicable) be determined to be a date earlier than 7 February 2015, being the date that is 30 days following (and including) the date on which the Agent gives written notice of the same to the Issuer with the approval of Holders if

(a) The Deferred Payment Date shall (if applicable) be determined to be a date earlier than 31 March 2015, being the date that is 3 Business Days following (and including) the date on which the Agent gives written notice of the same to the Issuer with the approval of

7

Holders holding more than 50 per cent,

Holders if Holders holding more than

of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have

50 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal

instructed it to do so either (i) by written instruction to the Agent or (ii) according to the provisions in Clause 12 {Decisions by Holders).

Amount have instructed it to do so either (i) by written instruction to the Agent or (ii) according to the provisions in Clause 12 {Decision by Holders)

(b) Notwithstanding what is set out in (a)

above, if:

(b) Notwithstanding what is set out in (a)

(i) a notice is sent to the Issuer under

above, if:

another Debt Facility to bring a Debt

(i) a notice is sent to the Issuer under

Facility Payment Date forward, the

another Debt Facility to bring a Debt

Deferred Payment Date under these

Facility Payment Date forward, the

Terms and Conditions shall be

Deferred Payment Date under these

construed to be the same earlier date

Terms and Conditions shall be

as the new Debt Facility Payment

construed to be the same earlier date

Date, without any further action on

as the new Debt Facility Payment

behalf of the Holders or the Agent; or

Date, without any further action on

(ii) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pays or settles any amount (whether

behalf of the Holders or the Agent; or

principal, interest, fees or otherwise,)

(ii)the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries

with respect to any other Debt

pays or settles any amount, whether

Facility, the Deferred Payment Date

principal, interest, fees (other than

under these Terms and Conditions

adviser fees which the Issuer or any

shall be construed to be the same date

o f its Subsidiaries is obliged to pay,

as the relevant payment or settlement

or make payments in respect o f

occurs under the other Debt Facility,

under or in connection with the

without any further action on behalf

relevant Debt Facilities) or

of the Holders or the Agent.

otherwise, with respect to any other

Debt Facility, the Deferred Payment

Date under these Terms and

Conditions shall be construed to be

the same date as the relevant payment

or settlement occurs under the other

Debt Facility, without any further

action on behalf of the Holders or the

Agent.

Clause 9.10.2(f)

provide the Agent and the Agent's Advisers on a weekly basis beginning on 6 February 2015 and on each following Friday until the New Deferred Payment Date with the 13

8

Weeks Cash Flow Forecast.
Clause 9.10.2(g)
on an ongoing basis, give the Agent and the Agent's Advisers access to the management team through weekly update calls between the management o f the Issuer, the Agent, the Agent's Advisers and any informal ad-hoc committee o f bondholders (provided that the members o f the informal ad-hoc committee o f boridholders are subject to customary confidentiality undertakings).
Clause 9.13 Capital Expenditure
During the period from (and including) 5 February 2015 until (and including) the New Deferred Payment Date, the Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, make, incur or commit to make or incur, whether directly or indirectly, any Capital Expenditure (other than Permitted Capital Expenditure) exceeding (whether in an individual instance or a series o f instances) an amount equal to USD 1.000.000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), without the prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) o f the Agent (acting in its sole discretion) after consultation with the Agent's Advisers.
Clause 9.14 Contingency Planning
The Issuer, the Group Companies and their advisers shall engage and work in goodfaith with the bondholders and the creditors under the Debt Facilities and their respective advisers to discuss and prepare contingency planning options and agree in goodfaith with them any milestones (if any) considering the interests o f all stakeholders
9

and creditors o f the Group.

Clause 10.1 (j)

the Issuer fails to duly comply with any o f its obligations under Clause 9.10.2(f) and (g), 9.13 and 9.14.

Clause 13.4

Clause 13.4

The Holders' Meeting shall be held no The Holders' Meeting shall be held no

earlier than 10 Business Days and no later earlier than 5 Business Days and no later

than 20 Business Days from the notice.

than 10 Business Days from the notice.

Clause 14.3

Clause 14.3

A communication pursuant to Clause 14.1

shall include (i) each request for a decision

by the Holders, (ii) a description of the

reasons for each request, (iii) a specification

of the Business Day on which a person must

be registered as a Holder in order to be

entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv)

instructions and directions on where to

receive a form for replying to the request

(such form to include an option to vote yes

or no for each request) as well as a form of

power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated

time period within which the Holder must

reply to the request (such time period to last

at least 10 Business Days from the

communication

pursuant

to

Clause 14.1Error! Reference source not

found.). If the voting shall be made

electronically, instructions for such voting

shall be included in the communication.

A communication pursuant to Clause 14.1

shall include (i) each request for a decision

by the Holders, (ii) a description of the

reasons for each request, (iii) a specification

of the Business Day on which a person must

be registered as a Holder in order to be

entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv)

instructions and directions on where to

receive a form for replying to the request

(such form to include an option to vote yes

or no for each request) as well as a form of

power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated

time period within which the Holder must

reply to the request (such time period to last

at least 5 Business Days from the

communication

pursuant

to

Clause 14.1Error! Reference source not

found.). If the voting shall be made

electronically, instructions for such voting

shall be included in the communication.

(c) Subject to item (f) below, the amendments of the Terms and Conditions pursuant to the Proposal shall take effect immediately upon approval.
(d) The Agent shall be authorised, at its discretion, to consent to amendments to the terms and conditions of the Proposal and/or the Terms and Conditions on behalf of the Holders where such amendments (i) are of a minor or technical nature, (ii) are otherwise consistent with the Proposal and are required in order to implement the Proposal, or (iii) would not adversely affect the position of the Holders.

10

(e) Other than any amendments prompted by the Proposal, the Terms and Conditions will remain unchanged and continue to apply in their existing form.
(f) Resolutions as per the Proposal are conditional upon (A) the approval of the proposal directed to the bondholders under PA Resources AB's 12.25% Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016 (the "NOK Bond Agreement") in accordance with Schedule 3 and (B) that the relevant entities of the Gunvor Group which are lenders under the RBL and WCF respectively, have confirmed to the Issuer and the Agent that the amendments of the RBL and the WCF, including a deferral of interest payments thereunder until 31 March 2015, have become effective.
4. NON-RELIANCE The Proposal is presented to the Holders without evaluation or recommendations from the Agent. The Holders must independently evaluate whether the above Proposal is acceptable or not. 5. THE WRITTEN PROCEDURE The following instructions need to be adhered to under the Written Procedure. A. Final date to participate in the Written Procedure The Agent must have received the votes by mail, courier or e-mail to the address indicated below no later than 5.00 p.m. (CET), 25 February 2015. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded.
B. Decision procedure The Agent will determine if received replies are eligible to participate under the Written Procedure as valid votes. When a requisite majority of consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount have been received by the Agent, the Proposal shall be deemed to be adopted, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired. Information about the decision taken under the Written Procedure will: i) be sent by notice to the Holders, ii) be published as a press release, and iii) be published on the websites of a) the Issuer and b) the Agent. The minutes from the Written Procedure shall at the request of a Holder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable. A matter decided under the Written Procedure will be binding for all Holders, irrespective of them responding in the Written Procedure. C. Voting rights and authorisation Anyone who wishes to participate in the Written Procedure must on the Record Date (13 February 2015) in the debt register:
(i) be registered as a direct registered owner of a Securities Account; or (ii) be registered as authorised nominee in a Securities Account, with respect to one or several
Bonds.
11

Bonds registered with a nominee If you are not registered as a direct registered owner, but your Bonds are held through a registered authorised nominee or another intermediary, you may have two different options to influence the voting for the Bonds.
1. You can ask the authorised nominee or other intermediaiy that holds the Bonds on your behalf to vote in its own name as instructed by you.
2. You can obtain a power of attomey/authorisation, Schedule 2, from the authorised nominee or other intermediary and send in your own Voting Form based on the authorization. If you hold your Bonds through several intermediaries, you need to obtain authorization directly from the intermediary that is registered in the debt register as holder of the Securities Account, or from each intermediary in the chain of holders, starting with the intermediaiy that is registered in the debt register as a holder of the Securities Account as authorised nominee or direct registered owner.
Whether one or both of these options are available to you depends on the agreement between you and the authorised nominee or other intermediary that holds the Bonds on your behalf (and the agreement between the intermediaries, if there are more than one).
The Agent recommends that you contact the securities firm that holds the Bonds on your behalf for assistance, if you wish to participate in the Written Procedure and do not know how your Bonds are registered or need authorization or other assistance to participate. Bonds owned by the Issuer, another Group Company or an Affiliate do not entitle to any voting rights.
D. Quorum To approve the Proposal, Holders representing at least 20 per cent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount must reply to the request under the Written Procedure in order to form a quorum.
If a quorum does not exist, the Agent shall initiate a second Written Procedure, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Issuer. No quorum requirement will apply to such second Written Procedure.
E. Majority Three quarters (3/4) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders reply under the Written Procedure must consent to the Proposal. If the Proposal is not adopted, or if the bondholders under the NOK Bond Agreement do not adopt the Proposal in Schedule 3, or if no confirmation is given to the Agent that the amendments of the RBL and WCF have become effective, the Terms and Conditions will remain unchanged.
F. Address for sending replies Return the Voting Form, Schedule 1, and, if applicable, the Power of Attomey/Authorisation in Schedule 2 or other sufficient evidence, if the bonds are held in custody other than Euroclear Sweden, by regular mail, scanned copy by e-mail, or by courier to:
12

(a) By regular mail: Nordic Trustee & Agency AB Attn; Written Procedure P.O, Box 7329 S-103 90 Stockholm
(b) By courier: Nordic Trustee & Agency AB Attn: Written Procedure/Maria Klaesson Kungsgatan 35 111 56 Stockholm
(c) By e-mail: E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.se

6.

FURTHER INFORMATION

The Issuer has retained Pareto Securities AS and Swedbank Norway as financial advisors (the "Advisors"). Accordingly, Holders may contact the Advisors as follows for further information: Pareto Securities AS, +47 22 87 87 70 (Oslo) or +46 8 402 5223 (Stockholm) and/or Swedbank Norway, +47 23 11 62 53 (Oslo) o r+46-8-700 95 12 (Stockholm).

For further questions to the Agent, please contact the Agent at mail@nordictrustee.se or +46 8 783 79 00.

Stockholm, 10 February 2015

Enclosed:

NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCYAB As Agent

1. Voting Form 2. Power of Attomey/Authorisation 3. Proposal to bondholders under the NOK Bond Agreement

13

VOTING FORM
Schedule 1
For the procedure in writing in PA Resources AB (publ) maximum SEK 1,000,000,000 senior unsecured fixed rate bonds 2013/2016, ISIN: SE0005392834.
The undersigned Flolder or authorised person/entity (the "Voting Person"), votes either For or Against the Proposal by marking the applicable box below.
NOTE: I f the Voting Person is not registered as Holder (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), the Voting Person must enclose a Power o fAttorney/Authorisation, see Schedule 2.

For the Proposal

EU Against the Proposal Name of the Voting Person:

Capacity of the Voting Person:

Holder: | | 1 authorised person: | | 2

Voting Person's reg.no/id.no and country of incorporation/domicile:

Securities Account number at Euroclear Sweden: (if applicable)
Name and Securities Account number of custodian(s): (if applicable)
Nominal Amount voted for (in SEK):

Day time telephone number, e-mail address and contact person:

Authorised signature and Name3

Place, date:

1When voting in this capacity, no further evidence is required.
2 When voting in this capacity, the person/entity voting must also enclose Power of Attorney/Authorisation (Schedule 2) from the Holder or other proof of authorisation showing the number of votes held on the Record Date.
3 If the undersigned is not a Holder according the Terms and Condition and has marked the box "authorised person", the undersigned - by signing this document - confirms that the Holder has been instructed to refrain from voting for the number of votes cast with this Voting Form.

14

POWER OF ATTORNEY/AUTHORISATION
Schedule 2 For the procedure in writing in PA Resources AB (publ) maximum SEK 1,000,000,000 senior unsecured fixed rate bonds 2013/2016, ISIN: SE0005392834.
NOTE: This Power ofAttorney/Authorisation document shall befilled out if the Voting Person is not registered as Holder on the Securities Account, held with Euroclear Sweden. It must always be established a coherent chain ofpower of attorneys derivedfrom the Holder. I.e.ifthe person/entityfilling out this Power o f Attorney/Authorisation in its capacity as "other intermediary", the person/entity must enclose its Power of AttorneyAauthorisation fi-om the Holder.
Name of person/entity that is given authorisation (Sw. Befullmaktigad) to vote as per the Record Date:
Nominal Amount (in SEK) the person/entity is authorised to vote for as per the Record Date:
Name of Holder or other intermediary giving the authorisation (Sw. Fullmaktsgivaren):
We hereby confirm that the person/entity specified above (Sw. Befullmaktigad) has the right to vote for the Nominal Amount set out above. We represent an aggregate Nominal Amount of: SEK ______________________ We are:
 Registered as Holder on the Securities Account Other intermediary and holds the Bonds through (specify below):
Place, date:
Name: Authorised signature of Holder/ other intermediary (Sw. Fullmaktsgivaren)
15

