NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidetpå engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (tel: +47 22 87 94 24) eller Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Ltd. (tel: +47 67 51 88 50)

To the bondholders in: ISIN NO 001056160.8 - 9.00 per cent Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Ltd Bond Issue 2009/2019 (the "Bondholders")
Oslo, 23 August 2011

A.

RESTRUCTURING PROPOSAL - SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS'

MEETING

Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Ltd. is the issuer and borrower ("MSCH" or the "Borrower") under that certain Loan Agreement, dated 14 December 2009, (the "Bond Loan Agreement") between MSCH, Marine Subsea AS, as parent guarantor (the "Parent", and together with MSCH and the other Obligors under the Bond Loan Agreement, the "Company") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM"/"Norsk Tillitsmann") as Trustee, pursuant to which MSCH issued the above-referenced bonds with ISIN NO 001056160.8, in the original principal amount of USD 246,000,000 (the "Bonds").

All capitalised terms used herein that are not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Bond Loan Agreement unless otherwise stated.

The information in this summons (the "Summons") regarding the legal, operational and financial status of the Borrower, the conclusions reached by the boards of directors of the Borrower and the Parent and the requests for Bondholder approval in respect of the transactions described herein are being provided by the Borrower and the Parent. NTM expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever related to the requests made herein and to the information provided by the Borrower and the Parent.

1. BACKGROUND
1.1. The Company has approached NTM and requested that a meeting of Bondholders is convened for the purpose of approving a restructuring of the Company and partial redemption of the Bonds on terms more particularly described herein (the "Restructuring").
1.2. One or more Events of Default have occurred and are continuing under the Bond Loan Agreement, including without limitation, Events of Default under section 15.1 of the Loan Agreement arising from events disclosed in the Company's quarterly and annual reports for years 2010 and 2011.
1.3. The board of directors of MSCH (the "Board") has concluded that MSCH is insolvent and cannot meet its obligations in respect of the Bonds and the Bond Loan Agreement and, accordingly, has concluded that MSCH should dissolve its business operations and seek to realize the highest possible value for its assets.

1

POBox 147o Vika, N-0116 Oslo j Haakon VIIs gate j, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
1.4. The Company, together with several o f the principal shareholders of the Parent have negotiated a sale of substantially all of the assets of MSCH to a newly formed entity, African Offshore Services AS ("AOS") on the terms more particularly described herein.
1.5. Because all significant assets belonging to MSCH are pledged to secure repayment of the Bonds or the Company's obligations to Jaya Shipbuilding and Engineering Pte Ltd. ("Jaya"), these parties will be the only parties receiving proceeds from the sale of the assets of MSCH. The Board believes that a sale of the assets of MSCH on the terms described herein will realize the highest possible value for those assets.
2. SUMMARY OF AGREEMENT AND PROPOSED RESTRUCTURING
The purpose of this Summons is to request approval from the Bondholders for NTM entering into a restructuring agreement (as described below) and to authorize and agree to certain other matters and actions that are appropriate and necessary for the effectiveness of this agreement and the consummation of the Restructuring as more particularly described herein, including, without limitation, and as more particularly described herein, sale of substantially all of the assets of the Borrower to AOS, prepayment of the Bonds out of the proceeds of such sale, release of the collateral and guarantees securing the Bonds, sale o f remaining Bonds to AOS for USD 1, and amendment of the Bond Loan Agreement. AOS is owned by some o f the shareholders of the Parent
Following is a summary of the terms of the transactions proposed by the Company and the approvals the Company is requesting from the Bondholders. The terms are subject to agreement on definitive documentation and to the parties' obtaining any additional required consents. For definitive terms please consult the Agreement (as defined below).
2.1. The Company is requesting that MSCH, NTM, AOS, and Parbarge AS ("Parbarge" as counterparty to certain sale leaseback transactions in respect of the African Fjord and African Caribe barges, and together with NTM, AOS and MSCH, the "Parties") enter into the agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto (the "Agreement"), pursuant to which the Parties would agree, among other things, to negotiate in good faith to agree documentation to partially settle MSCH's obligations in respect of the Bonds through: (i) AOS obtaining financing from Pareto Project Finance AS ("Pareto") on the terms described in Schedule 4 to the Agreement (the "Financing"); (ii) the purchase by AOS of substantially all of MSCH's assets and business activities (as set forth in Schedule 6 to the Agreement, the "Assets"), including, without limitation, the shares of MSCH's operating subsidiaries, and together with MSCH, the "MSCH Group"), and (iii) the partial redemption by MSCH, amendment of the Bond Loan Agreement and purchase by AOS of Bonds subject to the terms and restrictions described herein, all in accordance with the restructuring terms more particularly described herein and in Schedule 5 to the Agreement (the "Restructuring"). In the event of inconsistency between the terms described in this Summons and the Agreement, the terms of the Agreement shall prevail.
2.2. Asset Sale.
(i) Subject to obtaining the Financing, AOS shall purchase the Assets from MSCH.
2

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
(ii) The purchase price for the Assets shall be no less than USD 90 000 000 in cash without setoff contribution or counterclaim ("Purchase Price").
(iii) Following consummation of the Restructuring, AOS will have become owner of the Assets, free from any encumbrances, liens or other obligations.
(iv) Following the completion of the payments described in Section 3 of Schedule 5 to the Agreement, Parent and MSCH and its subsidiaries, including Marine Subsea Worker Pte. Ltd., will have no debt to Jaya.
2.3. Use of Asset Sale Proceeds: Payments at Closing.
(i) The Purchase Price shall be allocated and paid by MSCH at the closing of the Restructuring as follows:
(a) First, in payment of: (x) the fees, costs and expenses (to the extent in each case that such fees costs and expenses remain unpaid at the closing of the Restructuring) of AMA Capital Partners LLC, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Georgiades & Pelides LLC, and Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS (including in each case, a reasonable estimate of fees to cover any post-closing matters including, without limitation, release of security); and (y) the fees, costs and expenses incurred by Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP from and including 1 June 2011 (including a reasonable estimate of fees to cover any post-closing matters including, without limitation, release of security). It is estimated that these fees will be in the aggregate approximately USD 2 000 000 assuming the Restructuring closes by the Long Stop Date (as defined in 2.7(ii) below). The fees may, however, be higher than this estimate.
(b) Second, in payment to Jaya of the sum owed to it by MSCH under the construction contract for the African Worker, in an amount not to exceed USD 15 000 000 (the "Jaya Payment").
(c) Third to NTM to be distributed in accordance with the Bond Loan Agreement.
(ii) In addition, MSCH shall pay to NTM for the benefit of the Bondholders at the closing of the Restructuring an amount equal to USD 150 000 for every Week that lapses from the date of NTM obtaining the authorization required in Clause 3(ii) of the Agreement. The amount shall be distributed in accordance with the Bond Loan Agreement and shall further reduce the principal amount of the Bonds.
(iii) The principal amount of the Bonds shall be reduced in an amount equal to the aggregate payments made to NTM in accordance with paragraph 3.1(iii) and 3.2 of Schedule 5 to the Agreement, and the principal amount of Bonds remaining after such payment shall be referred to herein as the "Remaining Bonds".
3

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
2.4. Transfer of Remaining Bonds: Amendment of Bond Loan Agreement.
(i) Transfer of Remaining Bonds. Bondholders shall have the option to enter into a sale and purchase agreement with AOS (in form and substance satisfactory to Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP, acting on the instructions of holders of 50% in principal amount of the Bonds), (the "Bond Purchase Agreement"). Under the terms of the Bond Purchase Agreement, (i) the Bondholder shall agree to sell, and AOS shall agree to purchase, all of the Remaining Bonds held by that Bondholder for an aggregate purchase price to that Bondholder of USD 1; and (ii) AOS shall agree to turn over to each Bondholder with whom it has entered into a Bond Purchase Agreement any payments made to or for the benefit of AOS in respect of the Remaining Bonds purchased from that Bondholder after closing of the Restructuring until the obligations under the Remaining Bonds have been paid in full, except to the extent such payments are evidenced to constitute revenues or cash generated by assets owned by Marine Subsea & Consafe Ltd.
(ii) Amendment of Bond Loan Agreement. Effective upon consummation of the Restructuring, the Bond Loan Agreement shall be amended as follows:
(a) Clause 17.7 of the Bond Loan Agreement shall be amended to read in its entirety as follows:
"In order fo r the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 o f the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause 18. Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority o f the Bonds represented at the meeting. "
(b) Clause 17.8 of the Bond Loan Agreement shall be amended to read in its entirety as follows:
"[Intentionally left blank.] "
Following this amendment and the transfer of the Remaining Bonds, AOS will, by way of a bond holder meeting, be in a position to unilaterally amend the Bond Loan Agreement, including writing all the Remaining Bonds down to nil.
2.5. Release of Security.
At the time of the closing of the Restructuring and immediately following receipt by each Party, as applicable, of the payments required under the Agreement:
(i) NTM shall:
(a) release the following entities from their guarantee obligations in respect of the Bonds: Marine Subsea Worker Singapore Pte Ltd, Marine Subsea Worker Ltd, Marine Subsea Installer Ltd, Marine Subsea Lifter Ltd, Marine Subsea Solver Ltd, and Interoil Angola Lda.; and
4

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
(b) release the pledge in the following share assets: Marine Subsea Worker Ltd; Marine Subsea Installer Ltd; Marine Subsea Lifter Ltd; Marine Subsea Fjord Ltd; and Marine Subsea Caribe Ltd.; and
(c) release the mortgages in respect o f the following accommodation barges: African Lifter, and African Installer.
(ii) Jaya shall:
(a) release the pledge in the shares in Marine Subsea Worker Pte; and
(b) release the mortgage in respect of the African Worker.
2.6. Conditions Precedent.
(i) Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Agreement. The Agreement shall not become effective unless and until it has been duly executed and each of following conditions shall have occurred by 5:00 PM, 31 August 2011 at the latest (unless extended by agreement of NTM (acting on instructions of holders of 50% in outstanding principal amount of the Bonds), MSCH, AOS and Parbarge):
(a) NTM shall have been authorized by a requisite majority of the Bondholders in accordance with the Bond Loan Agreement to: (i) enter into the Agreement, and (ii) consummate the Restructuring on the terms set forth in the Agreement;
(b) MSCH, AOS and Parbarge shall each have obtained the requisite corporate and shareholder authority to enter into the Agreement and to consummate the sale of the Assets and the Restructuring on the terms set forth in the Agreement;
(c) MSAS shall have obtained the requisite authority for the sale of the Assets and the Restructuring on the terms set forth in the Agreement; and
(d) Receipt by each of the Parties of a letter from Jaya in the form attached as Schedule 7 to the Agreement agreeing to the terms of this Agreement.
(ii) Conditions Precedent to Restructuring.
It shall be a condition precedent to consummation of the Restructuring that
(a) AOS shall have obtained the Financing for the acquisition of the Assets on terms substantially equivalent to, or more favorable to AOS than, the details set out in Schedule 1 to the Agreement and otherwise be in a form and on terms reasonably acceptable to AOS.
(b) holders of at least 50.1% in principal amount of the Bonds enter into a Bond Purchase Agreement with AOS (unless this condition is waived by AOS).
(c) documentation is agreed in a form which is acceptable to each of the Parties and all necessary approvals and consents are obtained by each
5

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Party, including, without limitation, any additional required consent from the Bondholders. 2.7. Time Table/Termination.

It is a requirement of the Agreement that it become effective on or before 5:00 p.m. (Oslo time), 31 August 2011. In addition, the Agreement is subject to termination (as more particularly described therein):
(i) By mutual written consent.
(ii) By each Party: (A) upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of MSAS or any member of the MSCH Group; (B) if there is in effect a final non-appealable order restraining or enjoining the transactions contemplated in the Agreement; (C) the taking of additional enforcement actions against any member of the MSCH Group or MSAS; or (D) 30 September 2011 (the "Long Stop Date").

(iii) By each of the Parties in accordance with the terms of the Agreement, including by reason of the failure of another Party to fulfil its obligations under the Agreement.

2.8. Covenants. Please refer to clauses 4, 5 and 6 of the Agreement for details on the covenants of the Parties. Among other covenants, each of the Parties shall agree to negotiate in good faith and take all commercially reasonable steps to agree with the other Parties such documents as are necessary and appropriate to consummate the Financing and the Restructuring.

3.

COMPANY'S EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL.

The Borrower believes that the Restructuring being proposed is the best possible solution available for the Bondholders in view o f the Company's financial situation. Accordingly, the Board asks for Bondholders to support the proposals described herein by (i) voting in favor of NTM entering into the Agreement, approving the Restructuring and agreeing to and authorizing the resolutions set forth herein and (ii) entering into a Sale and Purchase Agreement with AOS.

4. NON-RELIANCE.
Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by any of NTM, AMA Capital Partners or Bingham McCutchen. Bondholders should evaluate the Agreement and the Restructuring and seek such additional advice as they may deem appropriate and vote accordingly.

B. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING.

1. Bondholders are hereby summoned to a bondholders' meeting:

Time: 31 August 2011 at 11:00 (Oslo time) (10:00 London time) Place: the premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VII's Gate 1, Oslo.

The resolutions will become effective for the Bonds when they are approved.

6

2. Agenda:

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Pursuant to the Bond Loan Agreement, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from NTM.

2.1. Approval of Summons

2.2. Approval of the agenda

2.3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman

2.4. Consent to the resolutions set forth in clause B below.

3. Resolutions.
According to the Bond Loan Agreement, approval of the resolutions requires a qualified majority of 2/3 in amount of the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favour of such proposals. In order for the Bondholders' meeting to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting in relation to the Bonds referred to in the heading to this meeting Summons resolve the following resolutions:

3.1. The Bondholders authorize and direct NTM to enter into the Agreement and to perform its obligations under the Agreement, including, without limitation, to:
(i) negotiate in good faith and take all commercially reasonable steps to agree with the other Parties such documents as are necessary and appropriate to consummate the Financing and the Restructuring;
(ii) take all commercially reasonable steps to obtain all consents that are required in connection with the Financing and the Restructuring and to execute and deliver such documents and agreements as are necessary and appropriate to consummate the Financing and the Restructuring on or prior to the Long Stop Date; and
(iii) take all commercially reasonable steps to solicit and obtain approval of the Bondholders as necessary and appropriate to consummate the Restructuring on or prior to the Long Stop Date.
3.2. The Bondholders consent to the following actions by or on behalf of the Borrower, in each case in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions and covenants described in the Agreement.
(i) sale by MSCH of Assets to AOS;
(ii) payment of professional fees described in section 3 of Schedule 5 to the Agreement;

7

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
(iii) prepayment of the Bonds from proceeds of the sale of Assets to AOS; and
(iv) making the Jaya Payment to Jaya.
3.3. The Bondholders consent to NTM releasing the share pledges, mortgages and guarantees upon the closing of the Restructuring in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions and covenants described in the Agreement.
3.4. The Bondholders agree that neither the execution and performance by the Borrower of its obligations under the Agreement nor the actions authorized in clause B.3.2 of this Summons shall constitute an Event of Default under the Bond Loan Agreement to the extent all such actions are conducted in accordance with and subject to the terms, conditions and covenants of the Agreement.
3.5. The Bondholders consent to amendment of the Bond Loan Agreement as follows, such amendment to become effective upon the consummation of the Restructuring:
(i) Clause 17.7 of the Bond Loan Agreement shall be amended to read in its entirety as follows:
"In order fo r the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 o f the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause 18. Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority o f the Bonds represented at the meeting. "
(ii) Clause 17.8 of the Bond Loan Agreement shall be amended to read in its entirety as follows:
"[Intentionally left blank] "
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the present date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered).
The individual Bondholder may authorise NTM to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising NTM to vote, must then be returned to NTM in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the NTM accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
8

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to NTM, to notify NTM by telephone or by e-mail (as set out forth below) by 16.00 hours Oslo time (15.00 hours London time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Attn: Fredrik Lundberg Tel: +47 22 87 94 24 Email: Lundberg@trustee.no Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Enclosure: - VPS statement/Power of attorney form.
9

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
EXHIBIT A
AGREEMENT

EXCUTION VERSION RESTRUCTURING MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING relating to the sale of assets in M arine Subsea Cyprus Holdings Ltd.
23 A ugust 2011
A/74443590.16

THIS RESTRUCTURIN G M EM ORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING (the "A greem ent") is entered into on 23 August 2011
BETWEEN:
A. M arine Subsea C yprus H olding ltd. ("M SC H "), Diagora House, 16 Pantelis Catelaries Street, 1097 Nicosia, Cyprus;
and
B. N orsk Tillitsm ann ASA ("N TM "), Haakon VII gate 1, 0161 OSLO, Norway, in its capacity as trustee on behalf of the bondholders (the " Series 1 H olders") in the Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Ltd Exchange Bond - Series I Bond Issue 2009/2019, ISIN NO 001 056160.8 (the " Series 1 Bonds") issued pursuant to that certain Loan Agreement dated 14 December 2009, between MSCH as issuer and NTM as Trustee (the " Series 1 Bond L oan A greem ent");
and
C. A frican O ffshore Services AS, Strandveien 50, 1366 Lysaker, Norway ("A O S");
and
D. P a rb a rg e AS, Dronning Mauds Gate 3, 0114 Oslo, Norway (" P a rb a rg e ", together with MSCH, NTM and AOS, the "P arties" , and each individually, a "P a rty ").
1. BACKGROUND
1.1 MSCH, through its wholly owned operating subsidiaries listed on Schedule 1 hereto (the "MS O pC os" and together with MSCH (the "MS G ro u p ") is engaged in the business of operating accommodation barges in the West African market. The MS OpCos currently own 3 barges ((i) African Installer, (ii) African Lifter and (iii) African Worker) and lease 2 barges ((i) African Caribe and (ii) African Fjord).
1.2 The MS Group is currently experiencing financial difficulties. MSCH is not in a position to repay its creditors and the value of its assets is lower than its outstanding debt. MSCH is currently insolvent. All significant assets belonging to MSCH are pledged to the Series 1 Holders or Jaya.
1.3 The MS Group's principal creditors can be grouped in 5 individual groups; (i) the Series 1 Holders, (ii) holders of the Series 2 bonds issued by MSCH, (iii) Jaya Shipbuilding and Engineering Pte Ltd ("Ja y a "), (iv) Parbarge, and (v) general unsecured creditors. A detailed list of the principal creditors is attached to this Agreement as Schedule 2 hereto.
1.4 Certain defaults and events of default currently exist in respect of the Series 1 bonds which are set forth on Schedule 3 hereto (the "Existing Series 1 D efaults").
2
A/74443590.16

1.5 MSCH is insolvent and the board of MSCH has accordingly concluded that the company should dissolve its business operations and seek to realize the highest possible value of its assets. Because all significant assets belonging to MSCH are pledged to the Series 1 Holders or Jaya these parties will be the only creditors receiving proceeds from the sale of assets in MSCH. The board of MSCH believes that a sale of the assets on the terms set forth in this Agreement will realize the highest possible value and the purpose of this Agreement is to establish creditor support for this process.
1.6 The Parties wish to negotiate in good faith to agree documentation to settle M SCH's obligations in respect of the Series 1 Bonds through: (i) AOS obtaining financing from Pareto Project Finance AS ("P areto") on the terms described in Schedule 4 hereto (the "Financing"); (ii) the purchase by AOS of M SCH's assets and business activities, including the shares of the MS OpCos owned by MSCH, and (iii) the partial redemption by MSCH, amendment of the Series 1 Bond Loan Agreement and purchase by AOS of Series 1 Bonds, all in accordance with the restructuring terms more particularly described in Schedule 5 hereto (the " R estru ctu rin g "). A detailed description of the assets to be sold is set out in Schedule 6 hereto (the "Assets").
NOW TH EREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter contained, the sufficiency of which consideration is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:
2. PU R PO SE O F A G REEM EN T
This Agreement has been entered into in order to set out the terms on which the Parties agree to pursue and consummate the Restructuring.
3. CO N D ITIO N S PR EC ED EN T
This Agreement shall not become effective unless and until each of following conditions shall have occurred by 5:00 PM, 31 August 2011 at the latest (unless extended by agreement of NTM (acting on instructions of holders of 50% in outstanding principal amount of the Bonds), MSCH, AOS and Parbarge):
(i) each of the Parties shall have delivered a signed counterpart of this Agreement to each of the other Parties hereto;
(ii) NTM shall have been authorised by a requisite majority of the Series 1 Holders in accordance with the Series 1 Bond Loan Agreement to: (i) enter into this Agreement, and (ii) consummate the Restructuring on the terms set forth in this Agreement;
(iii) MSCH, AOS and Parbarge shall each have obtained the requisite corporate and shareholder authority to enter into this agreement and to consummate the sale of the Assets and the Restructuring on the terms set forth in this Agreement;
(iv) Marine Subsea AS ("M SAS") shall have obtained the requisite authority for the sale of the Assets and the Restructuring on the terms set forth in this Agreement; and
3
A/74443590.16

(v) Receipt by each of the Parties o f a letter from Jaya in the form attached as Schedule 7 hereto agreeing to the terms of this Agreement.
4. COVENANTS O F M SCH
MSCH agrees that it, and undertakes to ensure that each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries:
(i) shall negotiate in good faith and shall take all commercially reasonable steps to agree with the other Parties on such documents as are necessary and appropriate to consummate the Financing and the Restructuring on or prior to 30 September 2011 (the "Long Stop D ate");
(ii) shall take all commercially reasonable steps to obtain all consents that are required in connection with the Financing and the Restructuring and shall execute and deliver such documents and agreements as are necessary and appropriate to consummate the Financing and the Restructuring prior to the Long Stop Date;
(iii) shall take all commercially reasonable steps to secure and consummate the Financing;
(iv) shall keep NTM and its professional advisors regularly informed as to the progress of all material aspects o f the Financing and the Restructuring;
(v) shall provide NTM and its professional advisors with such information and documents which they may reasonably request in connection with the Restructuring;
(vi) shall not sell, transfer, encumber or pledge any of their assets;
(vii) shall not incur any new debt nor enter into any new management compensation schemes;
(viii) shall not enter into any material transactions other than in the ordinary course of business;
(ix) shall not, except for the payment of normal management fees and costs to MSAS in the amounts specified on Schedule 8 hereto, declare or pay any dividends or make any distributions or payments of any kind to shareholders or senior management;
(x) shall not make any payments or repayments of indebtedness other than: (A) payments of trade obligations in the ordinary course of business; (B) payment of interest in kind in respect of the Series 1 Bonds; and (C) repayment of debt to Jaya under the construction contract for the African Worker barge;
(xi) shall not take any action that is inconsistent with this Agreement or with consumating the Financing and the Restructuring on the terms described herein;
(xii) shall promptly inform NTM and Parbarge upon becoming aware of any event or circumstance that has occurred (or that is reasonably likely to occur) that: (A) would permit NTM or Parbarge to terminate this Agreement or, (B) would with the passage of time or otherwise be a material impediment to the consummation of the Financing or the Restructuring; and
4
A/74443590.16

(xiii) shall not terminate any engagement letters of N TM 's professional advisors and shall promptly pay the fees and expenses of NTM and its professional advisors.
5. COVENANTS O F N TM AND PARBARGE
(i) NTM and Parbarge each agree and undertake to negotiate in good faith and take all commercially reasonable steps to agree with the other Parties such documents as are necessary and appropriate to consummate the Financing and the Restructuring;
(ii) NTM and Parbarge each agree and undertake to take all commercially reasonable steps to obtain all consents that are required in connection with the Financing and the Restructuring and to execute and deliver such documents and agreements as are necessary and appropriate to consummate the Financing and the Restructuring on or prior to the Long Stop Date; and
(iii) NTM agrees and undertakes to take all commercially reasonable steps to solicit and obtain approval of the Series 1 Holders as necessary and appropriate to consummate the Restructuring on or prior to the Long Stop Date.
6. COVENANTS O F AOS
AOS agrees and undertakes:
(i) to negotiate in good faith and take all commercially reasonable steps to agree with the other Parties on such documents as are necessary and appropriate to consummate the Financing and the Restructuring;
(ii) to take all commercially reasonable steps to obtain all consents that are required in connection with the Financing and the Restructuring and to execute and deliver such documents and agreements as are necessary and appropriate to consummate the Financing and the Restructuring prior to the Long Stop Date;
(iii) not to take any action that is inconsistent with this Agreement or with consummating the Financing and the Restructuring on the terms described herein.
(iv) to take all commercially reasonable steps to secure and consummate the Financing;
(v) to keep NTM and its professional advisors regularly informed as to the progress of all material aspects of the Financing and the Restructuring;
(vi) to provide NTM and its professional advisors with such information and documents which they may reasonably request in connection with the Financing and the Restructuring;
(vii) to promptly inform NTM and Parbarge upon becoming aware of any event or circumstance that has occurred (or that is reasonably likely to occur) that: (A) would permit NTM or Parbarge to terminate this Agreement or, (B) would with the passage of time or otherwise be a material impediment to the cosummation of the Financing or the Restructuring; and
5
A/74443590.16

(viii) to ensure that, in connection with the consummation of the Financing and the Restructuring, new lease agreements regarding the African Fjord and the African Caribe are entered into with Parbarge AS on terms and conditions which substantially mirror the current lease agreements (with logical amendments) with Marine Subsea Fjord Ltd and Marine Subsea Caribe Ltd, including but not limited to Parbarge's present and future net hire earnings.
7. TER M IN A TIO N
7.1 This Agreement may be terminated immediately by any Party by written notice to each of the other Parties on the earlier of:
(i) MSAS or any member of the MS Group entering into any bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, receivership or other insolvency procedure, whether voluntary or involuntary; or
(ii) if there shall be in effect a final non-appealable order of an official body of competent jurisdiction, restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or
(iii) the taking of any enforcement or acceleration action, other than those described on Schedule 9 hereto by or on behalf of any person or entity in respect of any of the MS OpCos, MSCH, MSAS or any of their assets; or
(iv) consummation of the Restructuring on the terms agreed herein; or
(v) the Long Stop Date.
7.2 This Agreement may be terminated by mutual written consent of each of the Parties.
7.3 This Agreement may be terminated, by written notice provided by any of NTM, Parbarge or AOS to MSCH (copied to each of the other Parties), upon the occurrence of any of the following:
(i) failure by MSCH to perform any of its covenants or obligations under this Agreement which failure, if capable of cure, remain uncured for 5 days following receipt of written notice from any other Party (such 5-day period not to include the day of receipt of notice); or
(ii) upon any announcement by or on behalf of MSCH or MSAS that MSCH will not pursue the Restructuring; or
(iii) in the case of NTM, upon any announcement by or on behalf of Pareto that it will not finalize or pursue, or any action by Pareto that is inconsistent with finalizing, the Financing on terms as least as favorable to NTM as those outlined in Schedule 1 hereto; or
(iv) in the case of NTM, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Series 1 Bond Loan Agreement other than the Existing Series 1 Defaults.
6
A/74443590.16

7.4 This Agreement may be terminated by written notice provided (as applicable) by MSCH to each of the other Parties upon the occurrence of any of the following:
(i) breach by NTM, Parbarge or AOS of any of their respective covenants or obligations under this Agreement which failure, if capable of cure, remain uncured for 5 days following written notice thereof from any other Party (such 5-day period not to include the date of the notice); or
(ii) the receipt by MSCH of written notice from Pareto that it will not consummate the Financing.
7.5 This Agreement may be terminated by written notice provided by (as applicable) NTM, Parbarge or MSCH to AOS (copied to each of the other Parties) upon the occurrence of any of the following:
(i) failure by AOS to perform any of their respective covenants or obligations under this Agreement which failure, if capable of cure, remain uncured for 5 days following written notice thereof (such 5-day period not to include the day of receipt of notice); or
(ii) upon any announcement by or on behalf of AOS that AOS will not pursue the Restructuring; or
(iii) upon any announcement or written communication by or on behalf of Pareto that it will not finalize or pursue, or any action by Pareto that is inconsistent with finalizing or pursuing, the Financing on terms as least as favorable to NTM as those outlined in Schedule 4 hereto.
7.6 The sole remedy for breach of any agreement, undertaking or obligation under this agreement shall be termination in accordance with this clause 7, which shall not result in any liability or give rise to any right to recover damages.
8. G O V ER N IN G LAW AND A R BITR A TIO N
8.1 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.
8.2 The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice in England and Wales for all purposes related to this Agreement and in connection with this Agreement.
8.3 The Parties to this Agreement irrevocably waive any objection which they might now or hereafter have to the court referred to in clause 8.2 being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any suit, action or proceeding, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with this Agreement and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum.
7
A/74443590.16

9. R ESER V A TIO N O F R IG H TS
Nothing contained herein effects a modification of the rights of NTM or the Series 1 Holders with respect to the Series 1 Bond Loan Agreement, the Series 1 Bonds or the security therefor and all rights and remedies with respect to the foregoing are expressly reserved.
10. M ISCELLA N EO U S
10.1 A party may not transfer or assign any of its rights, obligations or benefits under this Agreement or any other agreements made hereunder to any third party without the prior written consent of each of the other Parties.
10.2 This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in writing and with the unanimous agreement of the Parties.
10.3 In case any of the provisions of this Agreement or any other agreements made hereunder would not be allowed or enforceable under a relevant and applicable mandatory law, such provisions shall be adjusted instead of voided in order to achieve the intent of the parties or, if not possible, in order to achieve a solution as close to the intent of the parties as possible.
10.4 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and (i) each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, (ii) all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same document; and (iii) each entity executing a counterpart shall become a Party hereto following satisfaction of each of the conditions precedent in Clause 3..
10.5 This Agreement shall be binding on the successors and assigns of the Parties.
10.6 Any notice or other communication required or contemplated by this Agreement and all other agreements made hereunder having a legal bearing shall be given in writing, using the English Language, by telefax or e-mail, with the receipt confirmed by the other party, and in each case copied by registered mail to the following respective addresses:
If to MSCH: MARINE SUBSEA CYPRUS HOLDING LTD. c/o Marine Subsea AS Strandveien 50 1366 Lysaker Norway Attention: Thomas Fjell Email: tfjell@marinesubsea.no Tel: +47 67 51 88 50
8
A/74443590.16

With copy to:
W IERSHOLM, MELLBYE & BECH ADVOKATFIRMA AS Postboks 1400, Vika N-0115 Oslo Norway Attention: Torkel Ernø Email: ter@wiersholm.no Fax: + 47 210 210 01
If to NTM:
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA Haakon VII gate 1, 0161 OSLO Norway Attention: Ola Nygård Email: Nygard@trustee.no Fax: +47 22 87 94 10
With copy to:
BINGHAM MCCUTCHEN (LONDON) LLP
41 Lothbury London EC2R 7HF England Attention: James Terry Email: james.terry@bingham.com Fax: + 44 20 7806 8039
If to AOS:
AFRICAN OFFSHORE SERVICES AS Standveien 50 1366 Lysaker Norway Attention: Kristen Jakobsen Email: kristen@trafalgar.no
With copy to:
W IERSHOLM, MELLBYE & BECH ADVOKATFIRMA AS Postboks 1400, Vika N-0115 Oslo Norway Attention: Torkel Ernø Email: ter@wiersholm.no Fax: + 47 210 210 01
9
A/74443590.16

If to Parbarge: PARBARGE AS Dronning Mauds Gate 3 0114 Oslo Norway Attention: Wilhelm Magelsen Email: wcm@pareto.no Fax: + 47 22 87 88 00
10
A/74443590.16

IN W ITNESS W H EREO F, the Parties to this Agreement have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers who are duly authorised as of the date first written above. MARINE SUBSEA CYPRUS HOLDINGS, LTD. By: Its: NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA By: Its: AFRICAN OFFSHORE SERVICES AS By: Its: PARBARGE AS By: Its:
A/74443590.16

Schedule 5 Restructuring Terms
1. C O N D ITIO N PR EC ED EN T.
It shall be a condition precedent to consummation of the Restructuring that AOS shall have obtained the Financing for the acquisition of the Assets on terms substantially equivalent to, or more favorable to AOS than, the details set out in Schedule 1 to the Agreement and otherwise be in a form and on terms reasonably acceptable to AOS. Consummation of the Restructuring shall be subject to negotiation and completion of documentation in a form which is acceptable to each of the Parties and to the receipt of required approvals and consents by each Party, including, without limitation, any additional required consent from the Series 1 Holders. 2. ASSET SALE
2.1 Subject to obtaining the Financing, AOS shall purchase the Assets from MSCH.
2.2 The purchase price for the Assets shall be no less than USD 90 000 000 in cash without setoff contribution or counterclaim (" Purchase P rice"). For the avoidance of doubt, without limitation of paragraph 3.2, the Purchase Price shall not be adjusted for the working capital in MSCH or any of the MS OpCo's
2.3 Following consummation of the Restructuring, AOS will have become owner of the Assets, free from any encumbrances, liens or other obligations.
2.4 Following the completion of the payments described in Section 3 hereof, MSAS and the MSCH Group, including Marine Subsea Worker Pte. Ltd., will have no debt to Jaya, and the principal amount outstanding under the Series 1 Bonds shall be reduced by an amount equal to the payment made under Section 3 hereof.
3. USE O F ASSET SALE PR O C EED S; PAYM ENTS A T C LO SIN G
3.1 The Purchase Price shall be allocated and paid by MSCH at the closing of the Restructuring as follows:
(i) First, in payment of: (x) the fees, costs and expenses (to the extent in each case that such fees costs and expenses remain unpaid at the closing of the Restructuring) of AMA Capital Partners LLC, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Georgiades & Pelides LLC, and Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS (including in each case, a reasonable estimate of fees to cover any post-closing matters including, without limitation, release of security); and (y) the fees, costs and expenses incurred by Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP from and including 1 June 2011 (including a reasonable estimate of fees to cover any post-closing matters including, without limitation, release of security).
A/74443590.16

(ii) Second, in payment to Jaya of the sum owed to it by MSCH under the construction contract for the African Worker, in an amount not to exceed USD 15 000 000.
(iii) Third, to NTM to be distributed in accordance with the the Series 1 Bond Loan Agreement.
3.2 In addition, MSCH shall pay to NTM for the benefit of the Series 1 Holders at the closing of the Restructuring an amount equal to USD 150 000 for every Week that lapses from the date of NTM obtaining the authorization required in Clause 3(ii) of the Agreement. The amount shall be distributed in accordance with the Series 1 Bond Loan Agreement and shall further reduce the principal amount of the Series 1 Bonds. A "W eek" shall, for purposes of this provision, mean 7 calendar days.
3.3 The principal amount of the Series 1 Bonds shall be reduced in an amount equal to the aggregate payments made to NTM in accordance with paragraph 3.1(iii) and 3.2 of this Schedule 5, and the principal amount o f Series 1 Bonds remaining after such payment shall be referred to herein as the "R em aining Bonds" .
4. TR A N SFER AND R ED EM PT IO N O F SERIES 1 BONDS; AM EN D M EN T OF SERIES 1 BOND LOAN AGREEMENT.
4.1 Transfer of Series 1 Bonds. Series 1 Holders shall have the option to enter into a sale and purchase agreement with AOS (in form and substance satisfactory to Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP, acting on the instructions of holders of 50% in principal amount of the Series 1 Bonds), (the "Bond Purchase A greem ent"). Under the terms of the Bond Purchase Agreement, (i) the Series 1 Holders shall agree to sell, and AOS shall agree to purchase, all o f the Remaining Bonds held by that Series 1 Holder for an aggregate purchase price to that Series 1 Holder of USD 1; and (ii) AOS shall agree to turn over to each Series 1 Holder with whom it has entered into a Bond Purchase Agreement any payments made to or for the benefit of AOS in respect of the Remaining Bonds purchased from that Series 1 Holder after closing of the Restructuring until the obligations under the Remaining Bonds have been paid in full, except to the extent such payments are evidenced to constitute revenues or cash generated by assets owned by Marine Subsea & Consafe Ltd.
It is a condition to the Restructuring (unless this condition is waived by AOS) that holders of at least 50.1% in principal amount of the Series 1 Bonds enter into a Bond Purchase Agreement with AOS.
4.2 Amendment of Series 1 Bond Loan Agreement. Effective upon consummation of the Restructuring, the Series 1 Bond Loan Agreement shall be amended as follows:
(i) Clause 17.7 of the Series 1 Bond Loan Agreement shall be amended to read in its entirety as follows:
"In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 o f the Outstanding Loan must be
13
A/74443590.16

represented, see however Clause 18. Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority o f the Bonds represented at the meeting. " (ii) Clause 17.8 of the Series 1 Bond Loan Agreement shall be amended to read in
its entirety as follows: "[Intentionally left blank.]" 5. R ELEA SE O F SECURITY At the time of the closing of the Restructuring and immediately following receipt by each Party, as applicable, of the payments set forth in Section 3 hereof: 5.1 NTM shall: (iii) release the following entities from their guarantee obligations in respect of the Series 1 Bonds: (a) Marine Subsea Worker Singapore Pte Ltd; (b) Marine Subsea Worker Ltd; (c) Marine Subsea Installer Ltd; (d) Marine Subsea Lifter Ltd; (e) Marine Subsea Solver Ltd, and (f) Interoil Angola Lda; (iv) release the pledge in the following share assets: (a) Marine Subsea Worker Ltd; (b) Marine Subsea Installer Ltd; (c) Marine Subsea Lifter Ltd; (d) Marine Subsea Fjord Ltd; and (e) Marine Subsea Caribe Ltd. (v) release the mortgages in respect of the following accomodation barges: (a) African Lifter, and (b) African Installer.
14
A/74443590.16

5.2 Jaya shall: (i) release the pledge in the shares in Marine Subsea Worker Pte; and (ii) release the mortgage in respect of the African Worker.
6. TERM S O F TH E LEASE A G REEM EN TS O F A FRICA N CA RIBE AND AFRICAN FJORD
In connection with the completion of the Restructuring, Parbarge and AOS shall agree on and enter into new lease agreements regarding AOS's lease of the African Fjord and African Caribe. In connection with this, Parbarge shall terminate its current lease agreements with Marine Subsea Caribe Ltd. and Marine Subsea Fjord Ltd.
15
A/74443590.16

Schedule 1 Marine Subsea Organisation

Marine Subsea
Cyprus Bolding ltd
(Cypmsj;;v

I

1 4 9 % 2)
EnteroiE :Angola Lda.
(Angola) ..

Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Ltd is the sole shareholder in all subsidiaries, unless otherwise defined.
1) Tobe ownedtogetherwith SonangoEP&P(25%) 2) 51 % owned by Angolan citizen 3) To be owned together with Senangot and C1MC Raffles

Schedule 2
Principal Creditors All Marine Subsea Companies

EUR/USD: 1,44 NOK/USD: 5,48

Creditor
MSCH Ltd Exchange Bond Series I MSCH Ltd Exchange Bond Series II Jay a Shipholding Leung Kee Holdings Ltd (Brian Chang) Tax 2008 - Cyprus Tax Authorities Tax 2008 - Cyprus Tax Authorities Montanios & Montanios Ledingham Chalmers LLP Horwath Wiersholm Noble Denton Global Maritime AS
Provisions: Tax 2009 - Cyprus Tax Authorities Tax 2009 - Cyprus Tax Authorities Tax 2009 - Cyprus Tax Authorities
Total Payables Outstanding

Debtor
MS CH MS CH MS Worker Singapore MS CH MS Fjord MS Caribe All MS OpCo comp. Ref Sch. 1 MS CH All MS OpCo comp. Ref Sch. 1 Installer/Lifter/Worker/CH MS Worker MSCH
MS Caribe MS Fjord MS Solver

8th August 2011

Amount Outstanding (Local
Currency) Local Currency

Amount Outstanding
(USD)

294 333 882 80 475 522 15 000 000
8 92 i 825 419 014 347 646 111 821 52 961 47 611 38 332 193 750 31 229

USD USD USD USD EUR EUR USD USD USD USD NOK USD

294 333 882 80 475 522 15 000 000 8 921 825 603 381 500 610 111 821 52 961 47611 38 332 35 356 31 229

684 051 612 594 180 000

EUR EUR EUR

985 034 882 136 259 200

402 278 899

Schedule 3
Existing Series I defaults
Clause 15.1 (b): any Obligor shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under the Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within - 15 - fifteen - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee (except that a breach of Clause 6.9 or Clause 13,2(x) will be an immediate Event of Default).
Hereunder, the following general covenants in accordance with clause 13 are not satisfied;
13.2 (b) ensure that no other member of the Group shall, (i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations,
13.2 (f) ensure the Final Jaya Payment and the Final Ulstein Payment are timely made,
Clause 15.1 (d): if, for any member of the Group:
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) the value of the assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities),
(iii) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint;
Clause 15.1 (e): if, for any member of the Group: any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, receiver and manager, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer or any of its assets, or
(iv) enforcement o f any security over any of its material assets;
Clause 15.1 (f): all or any part of the indebtedness specified in subsection (i) and/or (ii) of the definition of Senior Debt is accelerated as an enforcement of remedies following a default;
Clause 15.2: In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing.

SCHEDULE 4
Main terms for the financing of the purchase of African Installer, African Lifter and African Worker from MSAS.
· Buyer to be a Limited Partnership established by Pareto Project Finance AS · Seller to be Marine Subsea AS (MSAS) · Purchase price of MUSD 30 per barge (90 en bloc) · 5 years bareboat to AOS of a daily rate of USD 17,000 per day per barge
o After the fixed 5 year period Owners will have a put option for a further 5 years of USD 10.000 per day per barge, and AOS to have a call option for another 5 years at USD 15.000 per day per barge
o African Lifter and African Installer to be on underlying charter to Sonangol and African Worker on underlying charter to Total at the similar terms as MSAS has today
· Owners/Owners bank to have assignments in underlying charterparties and to receive full step-in right from underlying charterers

Schedule 6 Assets to be Sold

30th June 2011

1.

SHARES

1.1

100% of the shares in the asset owning entity Marine Subsea Installer Ltd.

1.2

75% of the shares in the asset owning entity Marine Subsea Lifter Ltd.

1.3

100% of the shares in the asset owning entity Marine Subsea Worker Pte Ltd.

1.4

100% of the shares in Marine Subsea Worker Ltd

1.5

100% of the shares in Marine Subsea Solver Ltd

1.6

100% of the shares in Interoil Angola Lda.

2.

INTERCOMPANY DEBT

2.1

Debt from Marine Subsea Installer ltd. of USD 44936097 to MSCH.

2.2

Debt from Marine Subsea Lifter ltd. of USD 44327460 to MSCH.

2.3

Debt from Marine Subsea Worker ltd. of USD 2312086 to MSCH.

2.4

Debt from Marine Subsea Worker Singapore pte ltd. of USD 18874989 to MSCH.

2.5

Debt from Marine Subsea Caribe ltd. of USD 6923563 to MSCH.

2.6

Debt from Marine Subsea Fjord ltd. of USD 7374852 to MSCH.

2.7

Debt from Marine Subsea Solver ltd. of USD 574954 to MSCH.

2.8

Debt from Interoil Angola Lda ltd. of USD 0 to MSCH.

2.9

Debt from Interoil Angola Lda of USD 7000000 to Marine Subsea.

S chedule 7
[JAYA SHIPBUILDING & ENGINEERING PTE LTD LETTERHEAD]
August 2011
Marine Subsea Worker Singapore Pte Ltd [address]
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN
Dear Sirs, RE : LETTER OF CONSENT
MORTGAGE OF THE VESSEL REFERRED TO AS "AFRICAN WORKER"
This letter serves as confirmation that We, Jaya Shipbuilding & Engineering Pte Ltd, as mortgagees hereby consent and have no objections to your proposed sale of the above vessel pursuant to the terms and conditions of the draft Restructuring Memorandum of Understanding attached to your e-mail of 4 August 2011 subject to the following terms and conditions: (a) You shall not reduce the sale price without our prior written consent; (b) You shall not vary or change the terms in a manner that would prejudice us, without our
prior written consent; (c) You shall not vary any timelines without our prior written consent; (d) You shall not rescind, cancel or terminate the sale of the above vessel or agree to the
rescission, termination or cancellation of the sale without our prior written consent and you shall not agree to any refund of any sums paid by the purchaser without our prior written consent; (e) That the amount owed to us by Marine Subsea Worker Singapore Pte. Ltd. under the Memorandum of Agreement dated 1 December 2006 together with Addendums 1, 2 & 3 dated 30 September 2008, 9 December 2009 and 25 January 2011 respectively in respect of the "African Worker" is paid to us for discharge of the existing mortgage and settlement of the amounts owing to us; (f) Our consent to the proposed sale on the terms and conditions herein shall be without prejudice to all our rights and remedies under the mortgage of the above named vessel and any other securities in our favour in respect of all sums that remain due and owing to us;

(g) In the event that you shall fail to observe, perform or comply with any term or condition herein, we shall be entitled to withdraw our consent to the sale of the vessel and to exercise such rights or remedy as we shall be entitled without reference to you;
[Governing law - if English, need to specify consideration] Yours faithfully, For and on behalf of JAYA SHIPBUILDING & ENGINEERING PTE LTD
CHAN MUN LYE DIRECTOR

Schedule 8
Management Fees invoiced by MS AS Quarterly Basis

Company Marine Subsea Worker Ltd Marine Subsea Worker Singapore pte Ltd Marine Subsea Installer Ltd Marine Subsea Fjord Ltd Marine Subsea Caribe Ltd Marine Subsea Lifter Ltd Marine Subsea Solver Ltd

Distribution

USD

8.3 % 8.3 %

208 333 208 333

16,7% 416 667

16,7% 416 667

16,7% 416 667

16,7% 416 667

16,7%

416 667

2 500 000

Schedule 9 Existing Enforcement Actions

Creditor Jaya Shipholding* Standard Bank plc/GIEK** Pareto Securities AS* Oceaneering** National Oilwell Varco*** Dan Bunkering***

Debtor MS Worker Singapore MS AS MS AS MS AS MS AS MSAS

USD 15 000 000 5 157 531
1 972 000 500 000 140 762 75 500

* Legal actions taken. +* Contingent guarantee claim derived from MS Sarah Ltd. Claim not received. *** Guarantee claim derived from MS Sarah Ltd. Legal actions taken.

