ISIN: NO 001 035624.9
Amendment Agreement to
the Loan Agreement between
Delphin Kreuzfahrten GmbH ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Loan Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 9,25% Delphin Kreuzfahrten GmbH 2007/2012

This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated on 7 March 2008 between Delphin Kreuzfahrten GmbH (the "Issuer") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee").

1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement
The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the Loan Agreement "9,25% Delphin Kreuzfahrten GmbH 2007/2012" - ISIN 001 035624.9, based on resolution adopted at the Bondholders' meeting dated 7 March 2008.

2. Amendment to agreements
I The Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) New Clause 8.3 shall read:
"A mandate to sell the Vessel is given to JRT GmbH, Mr. Erik Jåger (the "Shipbroker "). The Shipbroker will be instructed unsolicited to give NT access to all information that is given to the Borrower on the sale process. The Borrower isfocused to execute successfully the sale process o f the Vessel. "
(ii) Clause 9.1 new second paragraph shall read:
"The entire Loan including unpaid interest shall carry interest equal to the default interest set out in Clause 11 in the Loan Agreement from 28 February 2008 and until the date o f the reimbursement o f the Loan. "
(iii) Clause 9.1 new third paragraph shall read:
"All accrued, unpaid interests which matured up until 28 February 2008 (1 year interests) are paid on or before 14 March 2008 (with the addition o f default interest). "
(iv) Clause 9.1 new forth paragraph shall read:
"Interest payments shall be made monthly on arrears on each Interest Payment Date, thefirst Interest Payment Datefalls in May 2008, and where Interest Payment Date is defined as the 30fh calendar day in each month (however 28th (29th) in respect o f February). The Interest fo r March and April 2008 shall be paid in 2 equal instalments in May and June 2008 on top o f the interest matured in those months o f May and June (with the addition o f default interest). "
(v) Clause 10.1 shall be amended to read:

``Amortisation o f the amount o f NOK 3.75 million shall be made monthly on arrears on each Interest Payment Date from the Interest Payment Date in May 2008. Amortisation shall be mad pro rata (according to the Security'Depository's procedures). "
(vi) New Clause 10.4 shall read:

2 -

-

"If the Vessel is sold or disposed of, or the shares in the Vessel Owning Company are sold or disposed o f the entire Loan shall be repaid at 103 % o fpar plus accrued interests on redeemed amount as soon as possible thereafter. "
(vii) New Clause 13. 1, litra (i) shall read:
"The Borrower shall issue preliminary annual report for the year 2007 on or before 30 April 2008 and audited annual report for the year 2007 on or before 30 May 2008 for the Borrower and Hansa Kreuzfahrten. The annual reports shall give detailed description o f the negative financial results. Additionally the Borrower shall issue interim quarterly financial and operational reports for the Borrower. I f the merger between the Borrower and Hansa Kreuzfahrten is not completed the Borrower shall issue interim quarterly financial and operational reports for Hansa Kreuzfahrten. "
(viii) New Clause 13.2, litra (j) shall read:
"The Borrower shall not pay any dividend before 1 January 2010 and the Borrower shall ensure that none o f the Guarantors pay any dividend before 1 January 2010. Following 1 January 2010 the Borrower shall not pay dividend exceeding 50 per cent o f previous year net profit and the Borrower shall ensure that none o f the Guarantors pay any dividend exceeding 50 per cent o fprevious year net profit. "
(ix) New Clause 14.5 shall read:
"Any accrued expensesfor the Loan Trustee in order to conduct any default situation, hereunder any expenses incurred in connection with this restructuring plan, which are not reimbursed in any other way, may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders. "
II The mortgage documents for the Vessel shall be amended as follows:
" One month's notice period before enforcement procedure pursuant to Clause 10 in the Deed o f Covenants dated 8th Mach 2007 between Dolphin Maritime Limited and NT to be waived. Hence, the vessel owning company shall agree that the Vessel Mortgage is immediately enforceable upon the occurrence o f a default under the Loan Agreement (as amended) including, fo r the sake o f clarity, the unsuccessful completion o f the sale process envisagedfor MV Delphin.. ''
See Appendix 1 to this Amendment Agreement.
-3 -

HI New Bondholders' meeting:
All terms in this Amendment Agreement and the original Loan Agreement to be assessed on bondholders meeting to be held on 3 June 2008. In this meeting the bondholders will have a "continuation vote " to this Amended Agreement based on current performance and status o f the sale process o f the Vessel. I f the bondholders vote against a continuation o f this Amended Agreement, the Vessel Mortgage will become immediately enforceable. The bondholders shall not vote against continuation without reasonable ground, e.g. in the event o f the Borrower's compliance with the restructuring plan and in consideration o f the market situationfo r sale o f the Vessel.
3. Confirmation of the Loan Agreement
All other provisions of the Loan Agreement remain in full force. The Loan Agreement and this Amendment Agreement constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the above mentioned Bond issue (however any security documents come in addition to this).
4. Governing Law
Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.
5. Commencement
The amendments to the agreements mentioned above will commence at the date of the Bondholders' meeting.

Delphin Kreuzfahrten GmbH

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in --2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

4 -

-

Appendix 1 to Amendment Agreement to the Loan Agreement between Delphin Kreuzfahrten GmbH ("Issuer") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Loan Trustee") on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders") in bond issue "9,25% Delphin Kreuzfahrten GmbH 2007/2012" with ISIN: NO 001 035624.9:
AGREEMENT
This agreement (the "Mortgage Amendment Agreement") is dated on 7 March 2008 between Dolphin Maritime Ltd (the "Vessel Owning Company") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") and regards amendment to the Deed of Covenant dated 8 March 2007 related to the mortgage over the vessel MV Delphin (the "Vessel").
1. The mortgage documents for the Vessel shall be amended as follows:
"The enforcement procedure pursuant to Clause 10 in the Deed o f Covenants dated 8th Mach 2007 between the Vessel Owning Company and the Loan Trustee is to be amended such that the one month's notice period shall be waived and that the Vessel Mortgage is immediately enforceable upon the occurrence o f a default under the Loan Agreement including, for the sake o f clarity, the unsuccessful completion o f the sale process envisagedfor the Vessel, as agreed in the Amendment Agreement to the Loan Agreement, dated today. "
2. Governing Law
Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Mortgage Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.
3. Commencement
The amendments set out above will commence immediately.

Dolphin Maritime Ltd

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This Mortgage Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Vessel Owning Company and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

5 -

-

