Press Release
02 April 2009 - Oslo, Norway: Today, bondholders constituting over 50% of the holdings of the three bond issues at PetroMENA ASA and its subsidiary borrower Petrorig III Pte. Ltd. notified Norsk Tillitsmann, the Trustee for and on behalf of the bondholders, of their declaration of defaults under their respective bond loan agreements. PetroMENA has three ultra deepwater semi submersible drilling rigs under construction in Jurong Shipyard, a wholly owned subsidiary of Sembcorp Marine Ltd., in Singapore and the SS Petrolia currently employed by Pemex under a management agreement with Larsen Oil and Gas Limited.
The bondholders' actions result from a growing concern for the company's financial stability as evidenced by letters received by Norsk Tillitsmann from representatives of PetroMENA and Larsen Oil and Gas Limited. These letters conveyed a deterioration in the financial condition of PetroMENA associated with the failure to secure US$300 million of financing, an inability to meet its funding requirements and an impending default under the shipyard construction contract for PetroRig I. In addition, bondholders are reacting to continued threats by the management of PetroMENA and Larsen Oil and Gas Limited including, removal of collateral securing the bonds and denial of access to information to the Trustee and its financial and legal advisors.
The action taken today by Norsk Tillitsmann for and on behalf of the bondholders is targeted at maximizing value for all stakeholders. No enforcement action has been taken nor is any action currently being contemplated in relation to the SS Petrolia. The Trustee confirms none of the actions taken today are intended to disrupt the existing management agreements between the SS Petrolia and Larsen Oil and Gas Limited.
Norsk Tillitsmann also confirms that it ascribes significant value to the three ultra deepwater semi submersible drilling rigs under construction at Jurong Shipyard. The Trustee has been notified that the bondholders seek to insure that all three of these rigs are completed and delivered in accordance to the current construction contracts, including any modifications of which they are aware.
For more information, contact: AMA Capital Partners, as financial advisor to the Trustee on behalf of the bondholders Paul Leand, CEO and Managing Director (212) 682-2310 Bobby Bowers, Managing Director (212) 682-6701

