NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
To the bondholders in:

- ISIN NO 001031608.6 - 9.75 per cent Petromena ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2012 - ISIN NO 001039578.3 - 10.85 per cent Petromena ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2010 - ISIN NO 001035264.4 - FRN PetroRig III Pte Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2014

Oslo, 9 February 2009

Proposal to appoint AMA Capital Partners as financial advisor and to authorise the Loan Trustee to appoint a rig broker - Summons to Bondholders' Meetings

1. BACKGROUND

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM"/"Norsk Tillitsmann") acts as trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") of bonds (the "Bonds") in the above mentioned loans (the "Bond Loans") with ISIN NO 001031608.6 (the "NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue"), ISIN NO 001039578.3 (the "USDm 300 Bond Issue") and ISIN NO 001035264.4 (the "NOKm 1,600 Bond Issue") where PetroMena ASA (the "Company") and PetroRig III Pte Ltd (as applicable) are the borrowers (the "Borrowers").

All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the loan agreement related to each of the Bond Loans (the "Bond Loan Agreements") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.

Pursuant to the Bond Agreements, a Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of an Outstanding Loan (the "Requesting Bondholders") with respect to each issue of the Bonds. NTM has received such request. This summons is solely based on the request and information from Requesting Bondholders. The Borrowers have not been involved in this process. Further, NTM expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the request and any information provided by the Requesting Bondholders.

We refer to the summons to the Bondholders' meetings, dated 19 December 2008, and the notice from the Bondholders' meeting held on 16 January 2009 (the "January Meeting") in connection with the NOKm 2,000 and the USDm 300 Bonds.

At the January Meeting the proposal to amend the Bond Loan Agreements (the "Resolution") was approved by the requisite percentage of the holders of the relevant Bonds, subject to a subsequent agreement ("Subsequent Agreement") being reached on or before 30 January 2009 which, inter alia, satisfies the following conditions:

(a) sets out an agreed process for the organised and proper marketing of each of the ultra deepwater drilling units (the "Rigs") under construction or owned by PetroRig I, II and IIII, with a view to and, if possible, achieving a sale of each of those Rigs which maximises value, and which sale and marketing process shall ultimately be controlled by the holders of the Bonds;

MAILING ADDRESS · P.O.BOX I4 7O VIKA, N - O I l6 OSLO

LOCATION ® HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

+47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 o r g. nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail *» mai l @t rust ee. no UKDOCS/154017.13

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
(b) either approves, or provides a mechanism for approval by Bondholders of the terms of any additional new financing that is raised in connection with the Rig currently under construction by PetroRig I Pte Ltd, as permitted under and in accordance with the Resolution.
The form of Subsequent Agreement proposed by the Company did not provide Bondholders with sufficient control in relation to the sale and marketing of the Rigs, and agreement could not therefore be reached with the Company on a form of Subsequent Agreement which would be approved by the requisite percentage of Bondholders. Accordingly, the Resolutions considered at the Bondholder meeting on 16 January 2009 did not come into effect.
In anticipation of a Subsequent Agreement being reached, certain holders of the Bonds requested, during the week commencing 21 January 2009, that the Company co-operate with the immediate engagement by NTM (on behalf of Bondholders) of a financial adviser to assist Bondholders with, amongst other things, the negotiation of and implementation of the Subsequent Agreement, conducting business due diligence and the raising of additional finance for the Group, including from bondholder-led sources. Discussions are on-going with the Company as to the terms on which they would co-operate with the appointment of a financial adviser to Bondholders but no agreement has yet been reached.
Accordingly, in view of the events referred to above, certain Bondholders have proposed that NTM immediately convene meetings of Bondholders to facilitate Bondholders having access to advice and assistance, as necessary, to ensure their interests are fully represented going forward. This would include the immediate retention by NTM (on behalf of Bondholders) of AMA Capital Partners ("AMA") as financial adviser and facilitating the continued engagement of Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP ("Bingham") to the extent this is no longer funded by the Company.
It has also been proposed that the occasion of a Bondholders' meeting be used to provide NTM with the authority to engage a rig broker (for and on behalf of Bondholders) subject to the terms set out in this meeting summons, should it be determined at any stage that this would be in the interests of any Bondholders.
The fees of AMA, Bingham, NTM and any rig broker which is appointed and any other out of pocket expenses of NTM incurred in connection with Bond Loans would be met out of the relevant Bondholders' recoveries, unless the Borrowers agree to meet these fees and expenses.
2. APPOINTMENT OF AMA
Scope of Work
AMA will provide financial advisory services to NTM (on behalf of Bondholders). These services will include conducting a business due diligence in relation to the Company, its subsidiaries, the Rig construction projects and the Petrolia Rig owned by PetroMena Ltd (the "Petrolia Rig"), provided that the Company co-operates in the provision of access to AMA, and advising the Trustee and assisting Bondholders in negotiations and discussions with the Company and other stakeholders and commercial counterparties.
Fee structure
UKDOCS/154017.13

NO RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

Monthly Retainer

AMA will be entitled to a monthly retainer of USD 70,000 per month for the term of the engagement, which will be for a minimum of two months, from the signing of the engagement letter.

Transaction Fees

(a) Advisory Fee

As part of any general voluntary restructuring whereby the Company is able to raise additional capital, and/or if any or all of the Rigs or Petrolia Rig are sold or the Rigs' construction contracts/projects are sold or otherwise transferred for cash consideration, AMA shall receive (at the closing of such sale(s)) an advisory fee ("Advisory Fee") in respect of each issue of Bonds with respect to which they are appointed, as follows:

(i) in case of a sale in cash equal to 0.25% of the cash proceeds actually recovered by each relevant Bond issue (payable separately out of the proceeds of each Bond issue); or

(ii) in the instance of a voluntary restructuring whereby sufficient additional capital is raised to meet the liabilities of the Company, which are existing and projected as at the date of this Agreement, an Advisory Fee of 0.25% of the face value of each relevant Bond issue, payable in cash at the time of the execution of the voluntary restructuring.

(b) Restructuring Fee

If the Bonds are restructured, AMA will be paid a restructuring fee based on the percentage of the relevant Bond issue's face value which is recovered, as set out below.

% of Notes' Face Value Corresponding to Aggregate Consideration
Up to 50.0% Over 50.0% - 65.0% Over 65.0% - 80.0% Greater than 80.0%

Fee
0 .0 0 % 0.30% on that amount 0.65% on that amount 1.00% on that amount

Aggregate Consideration shall mean the total amount of cash and the fair market value of the non-cash consideration paid and to be distributed in respect of the Bonds on the date of the closing of a transaction, including all securities and other property paid or payable, directly or indirectly, by the acquiring party, and shall also include the book value of any liabilities indirectly or directly assumed or acquired or otherwise repaid by the acquiring party in connection with or anticipation of the sale which relates to the Bonds, including the book value of typical working capital liabilities required in the day-to-day operations and the book value of any cash that is in excess of the cash needed for typical working capital needs of the business. In the event that any portion of the Aggregate Consideration is not delivered at closing, is subject to adjustment or is placed in escrow, the fee with respect to such portion of

UKDOCS/154017.13

N O R SK TIL L IT SM A N N ASA
the Aggregate Consideration shall be paid to AMA if and when such consideration is received by the Company.
AMA shall be entitled to receive either an Advisory Fee or a Restructuring Fee but not both.
AMA will also be entitled to reimbursement of its out of pocket expenses incurred in connection with providing its services.
It is proposed that the fees referred to above shall be paid as a priority payment out of cash recoveries on the relevant Bonds. This means that the AMA fees will effectively be shared amongst all of the Bondholders in each issue of Bonds as applicable. The monthly retainers and out of pocket expenses will be shared equally amongst each of the relevant Bond issues meaning that each relevant issue of the Bonds will be liable to pay 1/3 of these amounts. The Restructuring Fee and Advisory Fee will be payable separately by each relevant Bond issue, in accordance with the formulae referred to above.
The AMA Engagement may be terminated on 5 days' notice by either party. The Restructuring Fee and Advisory Fee shall be payable in respect of a transaction consummated within 12 months of the termination date.
NTM shall also agree to indemnify AMA in respect of all losses and liabilities it may incur as a result of the engagement. This indemnity will be capped at US$5 million and shall only be payable out of and to the extent of proceeds being received with respect to the relevant Bond issue. The indemnity shall terminate 12 months after the date of the engagement letter, save in respect of accrued liabilities which have been notified in writing prior to that date by AMA.
NTM shall be entitled to use its discretion, in consultation with Bingham, in agreeing the final form of engagement letter for AMA so long as the terms are substantially similar to those described above.
The relevant contact people at AMA are Paul Leand (+(212) 682 2310/ pleand@amausa.com) and Bobby Bowers (+(212) 682-6701 / rbowers@amausa.com) at AMA.
3. APPOINTMENT OF RIG BROKER
The purpose of any appointment of a rig broker would be to conclude a sale of the Rigs (or any of them) or the construction projects relating to them and/or the Petrolia Rig (each, a "Transaction") on behalf of the relevant Bondholders. The scope of the rig broker's work would include the identification of, and negotiation with, potential buyers and investors and working in the best interests of the Bondholders.
NTM would have discretion to choose the identity of the rig broker, and agree its terms of remuneration, provided that the fee payable to the rig broker shall not exceed 1% of the aggregate consideration paid in respect of each Transaction. The identity and final terms of remuneration of the rig broker would require the approval of 2/5 of the holders of each of the relevant Bond issues. None of the approvals would need to be provided in a Bondholder meeting.
U K D O C S /154017.13

N O R SK T ILLITSM A N N ASA
It is proposed that these fees would be paid by the Trustee out of any sale proceeds provided to it for distribution to Bondholders as a priority payment prior to it making distributions with respect to the relevant Bonds. This means that the rig broker's fee would effectively be shared amongst all of the relevant Bondholders.
4. COMMITTEE FEES
To date, the fees, costs and expenses of Bingham as legal adviser to the NTM (on behalf of the holders of the US$m 300 Bonds and the NOKm 2,000 Bonds) have been met by the Company. However if, in the future, the Company does not continue to meet these fees and expenses, it is possible that they will need to be funded by individual Bondholders who agree to so fund them (the "Funding Bondholders"). It is also possible that Bingham are retained by NTM also on behalf of the holders of the NOKm 1,600 Bonds. It is proposed that the Bondholder meeting also authorise NTM to pay to Funding Bondholders amounts provided by them in respect of the fees and expenses of Bingham, out of amounts it receives for distribution to Bondholders, and ahead of any fees payable to AMA and/or the rig broker, and ahead of payments of principal and interest on the Bonds. The effect of this will be that these fees, costs and expenses will be born by all Bondholders and not just the Funding Bondholders. NTM would seek to apportion the fees and expenses of Bingham between the relevant issues of Bonds on an equal basis or as it otherwise considers (in consultation with Bingham) to be equitable to each issue of Bonds.
5. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS
Bondholders' meetings in the Bond Loans are summoned:
Time: 18 February 2009 at 2 pm (Oslo time) (1 pm London time) Place: the premises of NTM, Haakon VII's gate 1, Oslo (Norway)
There shall be separate Bondholders' meetings for each of the Bond Loans and the resolutions will become effective for each Bond Loan that approves them.
Agenda:
Pursuant to the Bond Loan Agreements, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from NTM.
1. Approval of summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Consent to certain proposals:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting in relation to each of the Bond issues referred to in the heading to this meeting summons resolve the following resolutions:
Norsk Tillitsmann is authorised and instructed to:
UKDOCS/154017.13

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
(a) enter into an engagement letter with AMA on substantially similar fee terms to those described above, but otherwise to be in such form as may be approved by the Loan Trustee;
(b) enter into an engagement letter with a rig broker provided that (i) the identity of the rig broker, the key terms of its engagement and the fact of its engagement shall be approved by the holders of 2/5 of each of the relevant issues of the Bonds (which approval shall not be required to be provided in Bondholder meetings) and (ii) the rig broker's fees are no more than 1% of the aggregate consideration paid for each Transaction;
(c) pay the legal fees, costs and expenses (including reimbursement to Funding Bondholders) incurred through Bingham's representation of NTM (on behalf of holders of any of the Bonds) as a joint first priority (and pro rata to amounts under (d) below) out of amounts received by it in connection with any relevant issue of the Bonds and before it makes any payment to Bondholders, to be allocated either on an equal basis as between each relevant issue of the Bonds, or such other basis that NTM considers (in consultation with Bingham) to be equitable to each issue of the Bonds;
(d) pay the reasonable fees, cost and expenses of NTM as a joint first priority (and pro rata to amounts under (c) above) out of amounts received by it in connection with any relevant issue of the Bonds and before it makes any payments to any Bondholders
(e) pay the fees and expenses of AMA incurred in its representation of NTM (on behalf of the Bondholders from time to time) as a joint second priority (and pro rata to amounts under (f) below) out of amounts received by it in connection with any relevant issue of the Bonds and before it makes any payments to any Bondholders; and
(f) pay the fees and expenses of any broker appointed as described above incurred in its capacity as rig broker to NTM as a joint second priority (and pro rata to amounts under (e) above) out of amounts received by it from a Transaction prior to making a distribution with respect to any relevant issues of the Bonds.
According to the Bond Loan Agreements, with respect to each Bond Loan, the above mentioned proposals require a qualified majority of 2/3 of each Bond Loan represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favour of such proposals and (i) a minimum 2/10 of the outstanding Bonds being represented at the meeting for the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue and (ii) a minimum 5/10 of the outstanding Bonds being represented at the meeting for the USDm 300 Bond Issue and (iii) a minimum 5/10 of the outstanding Bonds being represented at the meeting for the NOKm 1,600 Bond Issue. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the present date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds
UKDOCS/154017.13

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered). The individual Bondholder may authorise NTM to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising NTM to vote, must then be returned to NTM in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the NTM accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to NTM, to notify NTM by telephone or by e-mail (as set out at the first page of this letter) by 17.00 hours Oslo time (16.00 hours London time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
- VPS statement/Power of attorney form.
UKDOCS/154017.13

