N O R SK TIL L ITSM A N N ASA
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kan utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann /ISA
To the bondholders in: ISIN: NO 001 039621.1 -12.00 per cent Transeuro Energy Corp. Senior Unsecured Bond
Issue 2007/2009 with Warrants

Oslo, 14 November 2008

Postponement of Interest Payment - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NT") is appointed as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee") for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Loan") where Transeuro Energy Corp ("Transeuro" or the "Company") is the borrower.

All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the agreement of the Loan (the "Loan Agreement") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.

In a press release dated October 31, 2008 the Company informed that their joint venture partner Rohol-Aufsuchungs AG ("RAG") gave notice of withdrawal from the Joint Venture Agreement ("JVA") between Transeuro and RAG dated July 14, 2008 which agreement governs the assets owned and operated by Transeuro in the Ukraine.

This action by RAG has placed Transeuro in an unexpected preliminary shortfall of cash.

At the interest payment date 13 November 2008 (the "Due Date") the Company was therefore not in the position to pay the interest payment amount. The Company has therefore requested a four week extension of the relevant interest payment by an initial period of four weeks from the date of the Bondholders' meeting, and thereafter the Loan Trustee is given power of attorney to extend the waiver period on weekly basis in its own discretion, acting in the best interests of the Bondholders, until 4 January 2008. Compound interest shall be calculated on the Remaining Loan and the interest payment amount which was due at the Due Date with 17 per cent p.a from and including the Due Date until the date payment is made.

The Board of the Company and its financial advisor are working intensively to explore various alternatives to address the current situation, including the company's near term financial obligations and the future strategy of the Company, and has informed the Bond Trustee that they expect later to present a comprehensive, complete and long term proposal enabling the Company to meet all of its obligations going forward.

For more detailed information, please contact the Company's financial advisor Pareto Securities AS, tel + 47 22 87 87 00.

M A I L I N G A D D R E S S · P.O.BOX I47O VIKA, N -O I l 6 OSLO

LOCATION · HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

p h o n e * +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail · mail@tr ustee.no

N O RSK TIL L IT SM A N N ASA

To enable the Company to conduct the proposed change of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Loan Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

Thursday 27 November 2008 at 1300 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Bond Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondholders approve postponing the interest payment due on 13 November 2008 to 18 December 2008, and thereafter the Loan Trustee is given power of attorney to extend the waiver period on weekly basis in its own discretion, acting in the best interests o f the Bondholders until 4 January 2008. Compound interest shall be calculated on the Remaining Loan and the interest payment amount which was due 13 November 2008 with 17per cent p.a from and including the due date 13 November 2008 until the date payment is made.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

2 -

-

N O R S K T IL L IT S M A N N ASA
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Linn Veras
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

