NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES, ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS, ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA OR TO ANY U.S. PERSON.

To the bondholders in: ISIN NO 001 067386.6

FRN Island Offshore Shipholding, L.P. Senior Unsecured Open Callable Bond Issue 2013/2016 (the "Bonds")

Oslo 17 March 2016
ISLAND OFFSHORE SHIPHOLDING, L.P.: TENDER OFFER TO BONDHOLDERS IN IOSH01 PRO (ISIN NO 001 067386.6)
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 22 March 2013 (the "Bond Agreement") between Island Offshore Shipholding, L.P. (the "Issuer") and Nordic Trustee ASA (formerly Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee"), unless otherwise stated herein.
On 2 March 2016, the Bond Trustee summoned a bondholders' meeting (the "Summons") in order to approve certain amendments to the terms of the Bond Agreement, including an extension of the maturity and changes to the financial covenants. As a condition to the implementation of the proposal set out in the Summons, the Issuer shall ensure that a tender offer is made and consummated by one or more external investors on the terms of this letter.
Carnegie AS ("Carnegie") and DNB Markets, a part of DNB Bank ASA ("DNB Markets" and together, with Carnegie, the "Managers") hereby offer on behalf of clients (the "Tender Offer") to purchase Bonds up to an aggregate principal amount of NOK 230 million at a price of 72.5% of par value plus accrued but unpaid interest (the "Purchase Price").
The acceptance form attached hereto further sets out the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. Duly completed acceptance forms must be submitted to iosh01@carnegie.no or iosh01@dnb.no no later than 16:00 CET on 23 March 2016 (the "Offer Deadline"). The settlement date for the repurchase of Bonds is expected to be 31 March 2016 (the "Settlement Date").
Any individual or company whose Bonds are registered in the name of brokers, banks, investment companies or other nominees, must contact such persons to submit an acceptance form. All Bonds sold pursuant to the Tender Offer must be transferred free of any encumbrances and any other third party rights and with all rights attached to them. Any third party with such rights over the relevant Bonds or VPS, Euroclear or Clearstream account must waive its rights in the Bonds and approve the transfer of the Bonds to the Managers. Acceptances may be treated as invalid if any such rights holder has not waived such right and approved the transfer.
In the event that Bonds with a nominal amount exceeding NOK 230 million is tendered into the Tender Offer, allocation will be made on a pro rata basis based on the Bondholders aggregate holdings of Bonds. For this reason, each Bondholder accepting the Tender Offer will be required to provide proof of holdings.

9514412/4

1

Bondholders holding Bonds with a nominal amount of NOK 148,000,000 have confirmed that they will not participate in the Tender Offer.
Any questions related to the Tender Offer can be directed to either of the Managers:

Carnegie:
Tobias Berdal Telephone: +47 22 00 93 82

DNB Markets: Pål Hegseth Telephone: +47 24 16 93 54

The Tender Offer, any Acceptance Form and any acceptances thereof are subject to Norwegian law, with Oslo District Court as the agreed legal venue.
The Tender Offer is not directed to persons in any jurisdiction where the Tender Offer would be in violation of applicable laws or whose acceptance of the offer requires that (i) further documents are issued in order for the Tender Offer to comply with local law or (ii) registration or other measures are taken pursuant to local law. No document or material relating to the Tender Offer may be distributed in or into any country where such distribution or offering requires any of the aforementioned measures to be taken or would be in conflict with any law or regulation of such country. No securities are being offered for sale or subscription to any person in any jurisdiction by this Tender Offer.
The Tender Offer is not being made directly or indirectly in, or by use of the mails of, or by any means or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce of, or any facilities of a national securities exchange of, the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any State of the United States and the District of Columbia (the "United States"). This includes, but is not limited to, facsimile transmission, internet delivery, email, telex and telephones. Accordingly, copies of this document and any related offering documents are not being, and must not be, directly or indirectly mailed, emailed or otherwise transmitted, distributed or forwarded (including, without limitation, by custodians, nominees or trustees) in or into the United States or to any persons located or resident in the United States, and so doing may invalidate any purported acceptance. Any purported offer or agreement to sell Bonds in the Tender Offer resulting directly or indirectly from a violation of these restrictions will be invalid and any purported offer and/or agreement to sell Bonds made by a person appearing or otherwise believed by the Managers to be located or resident in the United States, or any agent, fiduciary or other intermediary acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal giving instructions from within the United States will be invalid and will not be accepted.
The Managers will only accept offers with respect to the Bonds from a Bondholder or beneficial owner of the Bonds (or any person acting as agent, custodian, fiduciary or other intermediary capacity for a Bondholder or beneficial owner) who is not a U.S. person (as such term is defined pursuant to Regulation S under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and who is outside the United States. Each person participating in the Tender Offer will represent that it or any beneficial owner of the Bonds or any person on whose behalf such person is acting is not a U.S. person or a resident and/or located in the United States and will not be resident and/or located in the United States at the time of the submission of its offer pursuant to the Tender Offer.
The information contained in this Tender Offer does not constitute an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity within the meaning of the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. In the United Kingdom, this announcement is being distributed only to, and is directed only at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom, (ii) persons in the United Kingdom falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Financial Promotion

9562078/1

2

Order")), (iii) persons who are within Article 43 of the Financial Promotion Order or (iv) any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). This announcement and the Tender Offer to Bondholders are directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons.
Each Bondholder is responsible for any taxes as a consequence of its acceptance of the Tender Offer. Neither the Issuer, nor the Managers or their clients assumes any responsibility for any tax liability resulting from the acceptance of the Tender Offer.
This document contains forward-looking statements and information that is necessarily subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. No assurance can be given that the transactions described herein will be consummated or as to the terms of any such transactions. Neither the Issuer, nor the Managers or their clients assumes any obligation to update or correct the information contained in this announcement.
This offer to Bondholders is also available at www.stamdata.no.
Appendix 1: Acceptance Form

9562078/1

3

APPENDIX 1

ACCEPTANCE FORM TENDER OFFER

This form shall be used when tendering bonds of the ISIN NO 001 067386.6 - FRN Island Offshore Shipholding, L.P. Senior Unsecured Open Callable Bond Issue 2013/2016.

In addition to the below information, please attach a transcript of your holdings from VPS / Prime Broker duly legible, or other evidence of holdings in the form of an up to date screen shot or custodian letter.

DETAILS OF THE BONDHOLDER - ALL FIELDS MUST BE COMPLETED

Name of Bondholder:

Address:

Identity number /registration number:

VPS account number:

Bank account number:

Amount of Bonds held (state principal):

NOK

Amount of Bonds offered (state principal):

NOK

Offer Price:

OR, all Bonds to be offered Yes: EH
72.5% of par value (plus interest which is accrued but unpaid up to, but excluding the settlement date).

CONTACT DETAILS BONDHOLDER - ALL FIELDS MUST BE COMPLETED
Name of contact person:
Telephone number:
E-mail:
Acceptance: By submitting a duly executed acceptance form (the "Acceptance Form") before the Offer Deadline, the Bondholder irrevocably commits itself to the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. An acceptance is irrevocable, and may not be withdrawn or modified or altered once a duly executed Acceptance Form has been submitted. All Bonds accepted to be sold to the Managers clients under the Tender Offer are to be transferred free of any encumbrances and any other third party rights and with all rights attached to them.
Acceptance Forms must be correctly completed and submitted by e-mail to iosh01@carnegie.no or iosh01@dnb.no no later than 16:00 CET on 23 March 2016. The result of the Tender Offer will be announced before commencement of trading on Nordic ABM on the 29th of March 2016. The Bondholder must be of age. If the Acceptance Form is signed by a proxy, documentary evidence of authority to sign must be attached in the form of a Power of Attorney or Company Registration Certificate.
I/we confirm that I am/we are the beneficial owner of the Bonds hereby tendered in the Tender Offer and I am/we are authorised to make this offer.

Place, date

Signature

Name in capital letters

9562078/1

4

The form must be received at iosh01@carnegie.no or iosh01@dnb.no by 23 March 2016 at 16:00 hrs CET.
By signing this Acceptance Form, the Bondholder expressly agrees and acknowledges the terms of the Tender Offer, and confirms that the Bondholder has read and understood this Acceptance Form (including the following page).
The Bondholder also represents by signing this Acceptance Form (and any person who is acting on behalf of any Bondholder that signs this form represents as to the Bondholder) that such Bondholder is not resident and/or located in the United States and will not be resident and/or located in the United States at the time of the submission of its Offer pursuant to the Tender Offer and is not a U.S. person (as defined pursuant to Regulation S under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended).
Any Bondholder or authorised representative of a Bondholder making an offer to the Manager by means of the telephone will be deemed to agree and certify to all of terms and restrictions of the Tender Offer and to have made the representations to the Managers as set forth in this Acceptance Form.
Offer and Distribution Restrictions:
United States: The Tender Offer is not being made, and will not be made, in the United States, and this document may not be distributed in or to any person located in the United States. The term "United States" means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia. Any purported offer or agreement to sell Bonds resulting directly or indirectly from a violation of these restrictions will be invalid and any purported offer and/or agreement to sell Bonds made by a person appearing or otherwise believed by the Managers to be located or resident in the United States, or any agent, fiduciary or other intermediary acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal giving instructions from within the United States will be invalid and will not be accepted.
Canada: The Tender Offer is not being made, and will not be made, directly or indirectly in or into Canada by any means. Any offer or agreement to sell Bonds resulting directly or indirectly from a violation of these restrictions will be invalid and any purported offer and/or agreement to sell Bonds made by a person located in Canada or any agent, fiduciary or other intermediary acting on a non discretionary basis for a principal giving instructions from within Canada will be invalid and will not be accepted. Each Bondholder submitting the Offer will be deemed to represent that it is not located in Canada and is not submitting the Offer from Canada or it is acting on a nondiscretionary basis for a principal located outside Canada that is not giving an order to submit the Offer from Canada. For the purposes of this and the above paragraph, "Canada" means Canada, its provinces and territories.
United Kingdom: The information contained in this Acceptance Form does not constitute an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity within the meaning of the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. In the United Kingdom, this announcement is being distributed only to, and is directed only at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom, (ii) persons in the United Kingdom falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Financial Promotion Order")), (iii) persons who are within Article 43 of the Financial Promotion Order or (iv) any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). This announcement and the Tender Offer to Bondholders is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons.
General: The Tender Offer is not intended for Bondholders located in any jurisdiction in circumstances which would require the Managers to prepare or register any prospectus, offering document or circular relating to the Tender Offer in such jurisdiction, and the Managers may refuse to receive offers submitted from such jurisdictions. The distribution of this document in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Any persons reading this document should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions.

9562078/1

5

Important Notice and disclaimers: The Managers are acting on behalf of their clients in connection with the Tender Offer. The Managers will not be acting on behalf of any other party in connection therewith and will not be responsible to any other party. The Managers have made no assessment of the price offered in the Tender Offer and does not represent that such price is fair or appropriate.
Any decision to submit an Offer should only be made on the basis of an independent review by you of publicly available information. By submitting the Offer and signing the Acceptance Form you will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented to and agreed with the Managers that: (a) you have such business and financial experience as is required to give you the capacity to protect your own interests in connection with the sale of Bonds under the Tender Offer; (b) you may not rely, and have not relied, on any investigation that the Managers or any of their respective affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of the Managers or any of their respective affiliates, may have conducted with respect to the Issuer, the Bonds, and neither the Managers nor any of their respective affiliates have made any representation to you, express or implied, with respect to the Issuer, the Bonds or the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of any publicly available information; (c) you understand that no disclosure or offering document has been prepared in connection with the Tender Offer; (d) you understand that the Bonds are not and have never been listed on any regulated market place or stock exchange and that the Issuer is not subject to on-going disclosure requirements; (e) you have made your own assessment when submitting the Acceptance Form based on such information as is publicly available (which you acknowledge you have been able to access, read and understand); (f) you have made your own investment decision regarding the Tender Offer based on your own knowledge and investigation of the Issuer and the Bonds; (g) the Managers shall have no liability for any other representations (express or implied) contained in, or for any omissions from, such information or any other written or oral communication transmitted to you in the course of your evaluation of the Tender Offer; (h) the Managers shall have no obligation to update any such information or to correct any inaccuracies therein or omissions therefrom which may become apparent, even where the Managers are aware of such inaccuracies or omissions; (i) you have consulted your own independent advisers or otherwise have satisfied yourself concerning, without limitation, any accounting, regulatory, tax or other consequences of selling the Bonds in the light of your own particular situation under the laws of all relevant jurisdictions.
In accordance with the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75, the Managers must categorize all new customers in one of three customer categories. All Bondholders that Offers Bonds and which are not existing clients of the Managers will be categorized as non-professional clients unless otherwise is communicated in writing by the Manager. For further information about the categorization the Bondholder may contact the Managers or visit www.dnb.no/mifid. The Managers will treat the Offer as an execution only instruction from the Bondholder and hence the Managers will not determine whether the Offer is suitable or not for the Bondholder as otherwise provided for in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.
The Managers shall not bear any risk or liability in the event the Acceptance Form or another form of acceptance of the Tender Offer is not received for any reason whatsoever, including technical difficulties. The Managers may, in their sole discretion, accept applications placed by taped phone, e mail, Bloomberg or other means they deem appropriate, but may request that the order is subsequently confirmed by the execution of this Acceptance Form in writing, and may, if the Bondholder fails to satisfy such requirement, in their sole discretion, disregard the offer, without any liability towards Bondholder. Any offer placed by taped phone, e-mail or Bloomberg or by other means, shall be deemed made on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in this Acceptance Form.
Governing law and jurisdiction: The Tender Offer and all acceptances submitted in response thereto, including this Acceptance Form, are governed by Norwegian law with the Oslo city court as legal venue. Any disputes arising out of, or in connection with, the Tender Offer, are subject to Norwegian law and shall exclusively be settled by Norwegian courts and with Oslo District Court as legal venue.

9562078/1

6

