Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 039621.1 -12.00 per cent Transeuro Energy Corp. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2007/2009 with Warrants
Oslo, 2 October 2009
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting Request for waiver
1. Introduction
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is appointed as loan trustee (the "Trustee") for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Loan") issued by Transeuro Energy Corp (the "Borrower" or the "Company").
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement dated 9 November 2007 (the "Loan Agreement") or this summons letter (including the Company Update) unless otherwise stated.
The information in this summons regarding the Borrower and market conditions is provided by the Borrower, and the Trustee expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.
2. Background
On July 2nd 2009 the Company issued a proposal to the bondholders to convert the loan and interest payments to shares and warrants in the Company with a cash payment to buy out the security.
The bondholders subsequently agreed to the proposal in the meeting on 10thJuly 2009.
The restructuring was conditional on 4 points:
a) to raise additional funds to pay the cash element of the settlement proposal through the part sale of shares in Eaglewood Energy Inc.; b) to raise a minimum of USD 5 million through a new share issued, with a minimum price of CAD 0.1, within 3 months of the date of the bondholders meeting (by October 10*); c) other creditors of the borrower should accept the restructuring and the plan shall be carried out and fully implemented within 3 months (by October 10th) and d) no new information is disclosed resulting in a major adverse effect. The Company has fulfilled conditions a), c) and d) but not condition b).
The Company is ready to disburse the shares, warrants and cash consideration to the bondholders but requires a release from the bondholders for condition b) as it is unlikely that the equity raise will be completed within the required time frame.
The Company still intends to raise additional funds before the end of the year.

3. The Proposal
The Company proposes the following (the "Proposal"):
The bondholders agree to waive the condition on the Company to raise a minimum of USD 5 million through a new share issue, with a minimum price of CAD 0.1. Thereby allowing the Company to immediately disburse the shares, warrants and cash consideration.
4. Remarks to the Proposal
4.1 The Trustee's evaluation o f the Proposal
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.
It is recommended that the Bondholders consult with their own financial, legal and tax advisors to evaluate the consequences of the Proposal.
The Loan Trustee also points out that the Proposal is a proposal presented to the Loan Trustee by the Borrower and that the Loan Trustee has not been involved in negotiations or had any influence on the Proposal.
The Trustee points out that its comments to the proposal put forward in the summons dated 2 July 2009 was the following:
"The Trustee notes that the restructuring proposal involves a cash payment to the Bondholders, and that the proposal offers a temporary solution to the most pressing issues of the Borrower.
On the other hand, the Proposal leaves existing shareholders with an unusually high percentage of ownership without any injection of considerable new capital.
Taking into account that the Bondholders are asked to accept a write off of their claims (by way of converting above the market price of the Shares), the existing equity of the Borrower is in principle lost. Further, it should be noted that the proposed restructuring only offers a short term solution to the most immediate financial problems of the Borrower.
The Bondholders are further asked to give up their position as secured creditors and become shareholders, which weaken their position considerably in the event of another subsequent restructuring.
On the basis of the proposed restructuring only constituting a short term solution, the question of the outcome of another subsequent restructuring involves considerable risk. The imminent cash calls could bring about a need for a new restructuring within a short time period."
The request for a waiver will make the position of the bondholders impaired.
5. Bondholders' Meeting
To enable the Borrower to conduct the proposed change of the Loan Agreement, the Borrower has requested the Loan Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.
-2 -

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

12 October 2009 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1,01061 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Loan Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondholders ' meeting approves the Proposal as described in Clause 3, in the summonsfor this Bondholders 'meeting.

The Loan Trustee is given the power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders ' meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including to make other necessary amendments o f the Loan Agreement and to collect necessary legal opinions on the transaction and the payment structure and the tax consequences thereof.

The Loan Trustee is also given the authority to subscribe for shares and warrants on behalf o f each Bondholder in connection with the conversion according to the Proposal.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form Rom the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).

In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

-3 -

For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
-4 -

