NORDIC TRUSTEE

Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordio Trustee ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 064082.4 - 13 per cent. OSX 3 Leasing B.V. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2015
Oslo, 01 February 2017
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
A. INTRODUCTION
Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as bond trustee for the holders of the 13 per cent. OSX 3 Leasing B.V. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2015 (the "Bonds" and holders thereof, the "Bondholders") issued by OSX 3 Leasing B.V. (the "Issuer" or "OSX3") and guaranteed by OSX Brasil S.A , OSX 3 Holding B .V , OSX 3 HoldCo BV and OSX Leasing Group B. V.
Capitalised terms used hut not otherwise defined in this summons (the "Summons") shall have the meaning given to them in the bond agreement dated 15 M arch 2012 (amended and restated on 12 September 2014) between, among others, OSX3 and the Bond Trustee (the "Bond Agreement").
This Summons is issued at the request o f the Issuer and includes a general update regarding the current status of the Issuer and matters relevant to the Bondholders as well as a proposal for Bondholders' consideration and approval. Other than the information in section B3, the Bond Trustee has not prepared or verified the statements in this Summons and expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
Bondholders are encouraged to read this Summons in its entirety.
B. STATUS UPDATE
1. Dutch suspension of payments
On 17 November 2016, the ordinary unsecured creditors o f OSX3 approved a Dutch law composition of their claims against OSX3 in return for a distribution o f between zero and 3.15% o f their total claim amount (the "Composition"). The Court approved the Composition on 30 November 2016 and it is now irrevocable and has been fully implemented.
As a result, all of OSX3's ordinary unsecured debts as at the date of the Composition have been extinguished as a matter of Dutch law, the administrator of OSX3 has ceased to act and OSX3 has been returned to the full control of its directors.
The Bond Trustee's security over OSX3's assets, and the debts owed by OSX3 under the Bond Agreement, were unaffected by the Composition.

301967033 vl2
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

2.

Transfer of shares in OSX3

The ordinary shares in OSX3 (which are pledged in favour o f the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders) are currently held by OSX 3 Holding B.V. (in bankruptcy). NTM Refectio V AS, an entity controlled by the Bond Trustee, also holds (for and on behalf of Bondholders) one non-economic share in OSX3 that allows it to appoint a director to the board of OSX3.

It is contemplated that all o f the shares in OSX3 (including the share held by NTM Refectio V AS) will in due course be acquired by OSX 3 Cayman Limited ("Cayco") or a subsidiary of Cayco. Cayco is an orphan entity established, among other reasons, to issue the New Bonds (as defined and described in the bondholder summons dated 6 October 2016) in order to fund potential recoveries under the Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee, as bond trustee of the New Bonds, has negative control of Cayco.

Bondholders are requested to authorise the Bond Trustee to consent to the transfer of shares in OSX3 to Cayco on the basis that the shares in OSX3, and the FPSO, would remain subject to the Bond Trustee's security (on behalf of the Bondholders).

3.

Financial adviser engagement

The Bond Trustee has terminated its engagement o f Brasil Plural S.A Banco Multiplo as financial adviser to the Bond Trustee effective as at 31 October 2016. The Bond Trustee, in consultation with an ad hoc committee of Bondholders holding in aggregate more than 66 2k% o f the Outstanding Bonds (the "Committee"), has selected FTI Consulting ("FTI") to act as its financial adviser with respect to maximising the value o f the Bonds going forward.

FTI has requested an indemnity from the Bond Trustee (in its capacity as trustee in respect of the Bonds) as a condition o f its engagement. The Bond Trustee, in consultation with members o f the Committee, has agreed the terms of an indemnity with FTI, which includes an aggregate lifetime cap and a limited indemnification period.

FTI's fees, costs and expenses (including those falling within the scope o f the indemnity) are costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee incurred in connection with the Bonds. As such, the Bond Trustee is entitled to pay out o f funds available to it FT I's fees, costs and expenses ahead of any repayment of amounts to Bondholders.

Bondholders are requested to ratify the Bond Trustee's engagement of FTI as its financial adviser with respect to the Bonds, including the provision by the Bond Trustee of an indemnity to FTI. Members o f the Committee holding in excess of 66 2/3% of the Voting Bonds have indicated to the Bond Trustee that they are supportive o f the Trustee's engagement of FTI (including the provision of an indemnity by the Trustee).

C. OGX SETTLEMENT

1. Background

OSX3's primary asset is the FPSO and its associated Charter Contract with OGX Petroleo e Gas S.A. - Em Recuperaqao Judicial ("OGXPG"). OGXPG uses the FPSO to extract oil from the Tubarao Martelo oil field in Brazil ("TBMT"). OGXPG has been using the FPSO on TBMT without payment of any charter rates to OSX3 since October 2014. As at 31 December 2016, OSX3 is owed approximately US$213.5 million by OGXPG in unpaid charter rates.

-2301967033 vl2

In addition to the charter rates owed to OSX3, OGXPG and its substantial shareholder Oleo e Gås Participapoes S.A. - Em Recuperapao Judicial ("OGPar" and, together with OGXPG, "OGX") owe substantial financial obligations to two other groups of creditors under a DIP Facility and an Incremental Facility (in each case, as defined and described below). The estimated aggregate liability owed by OGX to these three creditor groups was approximately US$636.1 million as at 31 December 2016.
OGXPG has three primary assets, being:
(a) its 100% ownership interest in TBMT;
(b) a participation interest in the BS-4 oil field in Brazil (a development field with proven reserves which is not currently producing any oil); and
(c) shares in Eneva S.A (a Brazilian based power generation company listed on the Sao Paulo stock exchange) (the "Eneva Shares").
OSX3, the Bond Trustee, its legal and financial advisers (the "Bondholder Advisers") and the Committee have been liaising with OGX with respect to a proposed consensual settlement between (among others) OSX3, the Bond Trustee, the DIP Holders (defined and described below), the IF Lenders (defined and described below) and OGX to settle all outstanding claims against OGX and facilitate redelivery of the FPSO to OSX3 in due course (the "Settlement").
In summaiy, the Settlement involves:
(i) the satisfaction of the claims o f OSX3 and the DIP Holders and the IF Lenders (respectively as defined below) against OGX in return for, in aggregate, 95% o f the pro forma post restructuring equity in OGXPG;
(ii) amendments to the Charter Contract to:
(1) permit OGXPG to use the FPSO without further payment of charter rates other than a portion of revenues above a certain monthly threshold (defined and described below as the Excess Payments);
(2) require OGX to pay all insurance costs in connection with the FPSO (including those that OSX3 was previously responsible for paying under the Charter Contract); and
(3) allow OSX3, the Bond Trustee or OGXPG to terminate the Charter Contract and require redelivery of the FPSO to OSX3 on 240 days' written notice;
(iii) the designation o f certain of OGX's assets and revenues into an Escrow Account (defined and described below) exclusively for the satisfaction o f its obligation to discomiect the FPSO from TBMT, to redeliver it to OSX3 and for decommissioning liabilities associated with abandonment of TBMT; and
(iv) a governance structure to mitigate implementation and counterparty risks.
OSX3 and (subject to approval by a Bondholders' Meeting) the Bond Trustee have signed a Term Sheet setting out the key commercial terms o f the Settlement (the "Term Sheet"),
-3 301967033 v!2

which is enclosed at Annex 1 and should be read by Bondholders in full. The key terms of the Settlement as they relate to OSX3 and the Bondholders are also summarised below.

2.

Term Sheet Parties

The signatories to the Term Sheet (the "Term Sheet Parties") are:

(a) OGX;
(b) OSX Brasil S.A. - Em Recuperapao Judicial, OSX Servipos Operacionais Ltda. - Em Recuperapao Judicial and OSX Construpao Naval S.A - Em Recuperapao Judicial ("OSX Naval") (collectively, "OSX");

(c) OSX3;

(d) the Bond Trustee;
(e) holders of the OGX 3rd issuance o f secured debentures, convertible into shares, with additional fiduciary collateral, in three series (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "DIP Facility", the holders o f the DIP Facility collectively being the "DIP Holders" and the DIP Holders who elect to participate in the Settlement being the "Participating DIP Holders"); and

(f)

lenders to OGX under the Export Pre-Payment Agreement dated 23 June 2014 (as

amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Incremental Facility") (the "IF

Lenders").

3. Satisfaction of Claims

Claims against OGX will be satisfied as part of the Settlement as follows:

(a) OSX3 will receive from OGX:

(0

32.5% of the total pro-forma post restructuring amount of OGXPG shares

outstanding on a fully diluted basis; and

(ii) an option to acquire all o f OGX's rights and interest in TBMT (which will terminate once the FPSO is redelivered to OSX3);

(b) the DIP Holders will receive from OGX:

(i)

46.92% of the total pro-forma post restructuring amount of OGXPG shares

outstanding on a fully diluted basis; and

(ii) 25.02% of the Eneva Shares held by OGX; and

(c) the IF Lenders will receive from OGX:

(i)

15.58% o f the total pro-forma post restructuring amount of OGXPG shares

outstanding on a fully diluted basis; and

(ii) 8.31% of the Eneva Shares held by OGX.

-4 301967033 vl2

Following the exchange referred to above, OSX3, the DIP Holders and the IF Lenders will hold, in aggregate, 95% of the total pro-forma post restructuring fully diluted issued share capital o f OGXPG. The DIP Holders and the IF Lenders will hold, in aggregate, one-third of all Eneva Shares held by OGX immediately prior to the exchange.

As described in section C5 below, a further one-third o f the Eneva Shares held by OGX will be deposited into the Escrow Account and will be used to meet the costs o f disconnection and redelivery of the FPSO to OSX3 and the decommissioning of TBMT. To the extent any Eneva Shares in the Escrow Account are not sold to meet those costs, or any proceeds o f sale of the Eneva Shares are not applied towards those costs, they will be returned to OGX upon satisfaction o f OGX's redelivery obligations and all decommissioning liabilities in respect o f TBMT.

For the avoidance o f doubt, as regards the Charter Contract, only OSX3's claim for charter rates under the Charter Contract will be settled under the Settlement. OSX3 (and the Bond Trustee, as assignee o f OSX3's rights under the Charter Contract) will retain all other rights against OGX under the Charter Contract as amended under the Settlement (described in more detail below).

All of the assets distributed to or for the account of OSX3 under the Settlement will he subject to security interests in favour of the Bond Trustee (for and on behalf of Bondholders).

4. Amendment to Charter Contract and Redelivery of the FPSO

The Charter Contract will be amended so that OGXPG can continue to use the FPSO without further payment of charter rates (other than any Excess Payments) until the Charter Contract is terminated.

Under the amended Charter Contract, OGXPG will be responsible for

(a) providing access to the FPSO and operating and financial reports to OSX3;

(b) all insurance costs in connection with the FPSO;

(c) fees, costs and expenses incurred by OSX3 in connection with the operation of the FPSO;

(d) operational, legal and professional fees reasonably incurred by OSX3 in connection with or related to the Charter Contract up to an annual cap o f US$1,500,000; and

(e) all costs, fees and expenses in connection with the decommissioning of TBMT and the redelivery of the FPSO to OSX3.

OSX3, the Bond Trustee or OGXPG will be able to terminate the Charter Contract by giving 240 days' written notice. OGXPG must redeliver the FPSO to OSX3 on or before the date that is the earlier of:

(i)

120 days after the date on which the A genda Nacional do Petroleo approves

the stop of oil production at TBMT and the abandonment of the field; and

(ii) 240 days after the date o f a notice terminating the Charter Contract,

(the "Redelivery Obligations").

-5 301967033 vl2

If OGXPG fails to satisfy the Redelivery Obligations, it must pay to OSX3 a liquidated damages sum o f US$100 million together with interest. OSX3 and the Bond Trustee will also have an immediate right to possession o f the FPSO in this scenario.

5.

Designation of Revenues and Assets into Escrow Accounts

OGX has agreed to designate a portion of its revenues from TBMT (see section C6 below) and one-third o f the Eneva Shares it holds exclusively for the satisfaction o f the costs of:

(a) disconnection and redelivery o f the FPSO from TBMT to OSX3; and

(b) the decommissioning liabilities associated with abandonment of TBMT.

These funds and Eneva Shares will be deposited into escrow accounts, which are to be established and maintained on terms satisfactory to OSX3 and the Bond Trustee (the "Escrow Accounts").

Funds or assets held in the Escrow Accounts will be returned to OGX once all o f the above liabilities have been satisfied.

6.

TBMT Revenues and Excess Payments

OGX has agreed that it will pay, in respect of gross revenues from the sale of oil produced at TBMT from 1 July 2016:

(a) 10% o f gross revenues after the payment o f existing obligations with respect to royalties ("Revenues") into the Escrow Accounts until a target amount has been reached (equivalent to the total estimated costs o f disconnection and redelivery o f the FPSO and decommissioning of TBMT); and

(b) to the extent that Revenues in any month exceed US$8,000,000 (after any payment into the Escrow Accounts as described immediately above) then 1/3 of such excess will be paid to each o f the following pro rata (the "Excess Payments"):

(i) to the Escrow Accounts;

(ii) to OSX3 as payment of charter hire under the Charter Contract; and

(iii) towards OGX's working capital requirements (including payment o f trade suppliers).

OGX has made payments into the Escrow Accounts to date totaling US$6,351,716.47 and an Excess Payment to OSX3 in the amount of US$891,916.50. OGX will continue to make the payments described above into the Escrow Accounts as and when Revenues are received by it. OGX will pay any further accrued Excess Payments to OSX3 on the Closing Date and thereafter, if applicable.

7. NewCo
In order to mitigate implementation and counterparty risks inherent in the Settlement, it is intended that OSX3, the Participating DIP Holders and the IF Lenders (excluding in each case the Relevant PIMCO Parties (as defined and described below)) will become limited partners (the "LPs") in a new limited partnership entity ("NewCo"), and that NewCo will hold 47.5%

-6301967033 vl2

of the OGXPG shares on behalf of the LPs. The LPs will hold their remaining proportions of the OGXPG shares on their own behalf.

An independent general partner will be appointed to manage and control NewCo (including the assets held by it) in the interests o f all of the LPs. Key decisions regarding management of NewCo and the assets it holds will require the approval o f at least 2/3 by value o f the limited partnership interests in NewCo.

As a significant holder of shares in OGXPG, NewCo will provide a guarantee in favour of OSX3 o f all of OGXPG's obligations under the Charter Contract (including the Redelivery Obligations). The guarantee will be supported by security over all o f New Co's assets and will itself be subject to security in favour ofthe Bond Trustee on behalf of Bondholders.

Due to investment mandate restrictions, a subset of the Participating DIP Holders and the IF Lenders (whose investments are held and managed by Pacific Investment Management Company ("PIMCO")) (the "Relevant PIMCO Parties") will not participate in the NewCo structure. The Relevant PIMCO Parties will enter into a lock-up agreement with NewCo such that they will not be able to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose o f the proportion of OGXPG shares that they would have contributed to NewCo had they participated in the NewCo structure. In respect of the locked-up OGXPG shares, the Relevant PIMCO Parties will have the ability to vote alongside the LPs only in respect of any capital expenditure works in relation to TBMT in excess of US$5 million in aggregate.

OGX will meet the additional reasonable costs o f incorporation and establishment of NewCo, up to a cap of US$350,000. Each of the LPs will contribute to the establishment and corporate maintenance costs o f NewCo and the operating costs of the general partner up to an aggregate cap of US$2,000,000 per year.

Following redelivery of the FPSO to OSX3, all of the OGXPG shares held by NewCo will be distributed back to the LPs.

8. BS-4 Field

OGX currently owns a participation interest in the BS-4 oil field. The Term Sheet addresses the application o f any revenue generated from BS-4 as well as the application of any proceeds o f sale of OGX's interest in BS-4, which will be reflected in the final definitive documentation.

9.

Releases

As part o f the Settlement, the Term Sheet Parties will irrevocably release all claims against each other and each officer, director, employee, agent, representative or advisor thereof existing as at the Closing Date.

OGX, OSX, OSX3 and the Bond Trustee will also settle all pending proceedings between them and undertake not to bring any further claims against each other after the signing of documentation save in relation to a breach of the terms of the Settlement.

10. Timing

It is contemplated that Participating DIP Holders and IF Lenders will accede to the Term Sheet within 30 days after it is signed. If 100% o f the IF Lenders and the Series 1 and Series

-7301967033 vl2

2 DIP Holders do not sign the Term Sheet by 9 February 2017, then any Term Sheet Party may terminate the Term Sheet by written notice to the other parties.
It is intended that final definitive documentation will be executed by 31 March 2017. In any event, if the final definitive documentation is not executed by 30 April 2017, any Term Sheet Party may terminate the Term Sheet by written notice to the other parties.
It is a condition precedent to closing o f the Settlement that OGX agrees with OSX3 and the Bond Trustee a plan for the cessation of oil production, the disconnection of the FPSO from TBMT, compliance with the Redelivery Obligations and abandonment of TBMT. OGX must also obtain written approval from the ANP, as well as any other authorisations required by the ANP, for that plan. At present, the plan has not been finalised.
D. BOND AGREEMENT AMENDMENT
The Issuer also proposes an amendment the terms of the Bond Agreement to allow for matters which may otherwise be resolved in a Bondholders' Meeting to be resolved by way of a written resolution procedure ("Bond Agreement Amendment"). The proposed amendment entails the insertion of a new clause 16.5 in the Bond Agreement, substantially in the form attached as Schedule 1. If approved, this amendment will expedite future processes with respect to approvals under the Bonds.
E. THE PROPOSAL
Based on the matters set out above, the Issuer proposes that Bondholders:
(a) ratify the Bond Trustee's execution o f the Term Sheet;
(b) ratify the engagement o f FTI as financial adviser to the Bond Trustee (including the provision of an indemnity by the Bond Trustee);
(c) authorise and instruct the Bond Trustee to consent to the transfer of shares in OSX3 to Cayco or a direct or indirect subsidiary of Cayco (at a time and on terms determined by the Bond Trustee);
(d) authorise and instruct the Bond Trustee to negotiate and execute final definitive documentation giving effect to the Settlement, in consultation with its advisers; and
(e) approve the Bond Agreement Amendment.
As the Term Sheet is indicative in nature, the detailed terms giving effect to the Settlement may differ from those set out in the Term Sheet. Further, additional terms will necessarily be included in the final documentation and ancillary consents, authorisations, releases and approvals may be necessary in order to give proper effect to the Settlement. The Issuer proposes that Bondholders authorise and instruct the Bond Trustee to negotiate and agree such terms and / or to execute and deliver such documents, in consultation with its advisers, without the need to seek further approval or instructions from Bondholders provided that they are not materially inconsistent with the Term Sheet.
In consideration for the Bondholders' consent to and approval of the Issuer's proposal, the Issuer will grant to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) such additional Security Interests as the Bond Trustee considers necessary, desirable or appropriate (including, without limitation, the Issuer's interest in NewCo and any OGX shares it receives pursuant to the Settlement) in order to fully secure repayment o f the Issuer's liabilities under the Bond Agreement.
-8301967033 v!2

F. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL
The proposal set out in this Summons is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendation from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposal is acceptable to them.
Members of the Committee holding in excess o f 66 2/3% of the Voting Bonds have indicated to the Bond Trustee that they are supportive o f the proposal set out above.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting (the "Bondholders' Meeting"):

Time: Place:

9 February at 1300 hours (Oslo time) The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election o f two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption o f proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:

1.

The Bond Trustee's execution o f the Term Sheet is ratified by the Bondholders.

2.

The Bond Trustee's engagement o f FTI Consulting (including the provision by the

Bond Trustee o f an indemnity to FTI Consulting) as financial adviser in connection

with the Bonds is ratified by the Bondholders.

3.

The Bond Trustee is authorised and instructed to complete the negotiation o fform,

terms, conditions and timing, and to enter into all documentation necessary, in order

to give effect to:

(a) the transfer o f shares in OSX3 to Cayco or a direct or indirect subsidiary o f Cayco;

(b) the settlementproposed in the Term Sheet annexed to the Summons; and

(c) the Bond Agreement Amendment (as defined in the Summons),

without any obligation to notify the Bondholders as providedfo r in Clause 17.1 o f the Bond Agreement, and to do all things and take all steps on behalf o f the Bondholders as may be necessary, required or desirable in connection with such transactions.

To approve the above resolutions, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof o f ownership o f the

-9  301967033 v!2

Bonds and o f the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner o f the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds; and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered.
The individual Bondholder may authorise Nordic Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Nordic Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page o f this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which Nordic Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (www.mail@trustee.no) no later than 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA
Jorgen Andersen
Enclosed: Term Sheet Bondholder's Form

301967033 vl2

- 10-

Schedule 1 Proposed Bond Agreement Amendments

If the proposed resolutions are approved by the Bondholders' Meeting, the Bond Agreement shall be amended as follows:

(a) the following definition shall be added as a new definition in clause 1.1 (Definitions) of the Bond Agreement in correct alphabetical order:

"Written Resolution " means the written or electronic procedure fo r decision making among Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16.5 (Written Resolution).

(b) the following shall be inserted as a new clause 16.5 ( Written Resolutions) in the Bond Agreement:

16.5

Written Resolutions

16.5.1

Subject to the provisions in this Bond Agreement, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders 'Meeting pursuant to Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way o f a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the requisite majority is as valid as if it has been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.

16.5.2

The person(s) requesting a Bondholders ' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.

16.5.3

The summons fo r the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in Securities Depository and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via a press release.

16.5.4

The provisions set out in Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting), 16.2 (Procedural rules fo r Bondholders' meetings), Clause 16.3 (Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings) and Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:

(i) the provisions set out in Clause 16.2.8, 16.2.9, 16.2.10 and 16.2.11; or

(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements o f this Clause 16.5 (Written Resolution),

shall not apply to a Written Resolution.

301967033 vl2

- 11 -

16.5.5
16.5.6 16.5.7 16.5.8 16.5.9

The summonsfo r a Written Resolution shall include:
(a) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(b) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order fo r the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date o f the summons, provided however that the Voting Period fo r a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be at least five (5) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Daysfrom the date o f the Summons.
Only Bondholders holding Voting Bonds registered with the Securities Depository on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee, will be counted in the Written Resolution. The "Relevant Record Date " means fo r the purpose o f this paragraph: (A) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons has been published; or (B) if the requisite majority in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (A) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in Clause 16.3.4 or Clause 16.3.5 (Resolution passed at Bondholders' Meeting) or Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number o f Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient number o f negative votes are received prior to the expiry o f the Voting Period.
The effective date o f a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry o f the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the requisite majority being achieved.
I f no resolution is passed prior to the expiry o f the Voting Period, the number o f votes shall be calculated at the close o f business on the last day o f the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in Clause 16.3 (Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meeting) and Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders 'Meeting).

301967033 vl2

- 12-

NORDIC TRUSTEE

Annex 1 Term Sheet

301967033 vl2
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

TERM SHEET
This term sheet (the "Term Sheet") signed and dated 10 January 2017 (the "Signature Date") sets out the key commercial terms of a proposed settlement (the "Settlement") between (1) OGX Petroleo e Gas S.A. - Em Recuperagao Judicial ("OGXPG"); (2) Oleo e Gas Participagoes S.A. - Em Recuperagao Judicial ("OGPar", and together with OGXPG, "OGX"); (3) OSX Brasil S.A. - Em Recuperagao Judicial, OSX Servigos Operacionais Ltda. - Em Recuperagao Judicial and OSX Construgao Naval S.A Em Recuperagao Judicial ("OSX Naval") (collectively "OSX"); (4) Nordic Trustee ASA, as the Bond Trustee for the OSX-3 Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2015 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "OSX-3 Bonds") and as assignee of OSX-3 Leasing BV (the "OSX-3 Bond Trustee"); (5) OSX-3 Leasing BV ("OSX-3"1); (6) the undersigned holders of the OGX 3rd issuance of secured debentures, convertible into shares, with additional fiduciary collateral, in three series (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "DIP Facility") (together with any further holders that enter into and participate in the Settlement after the date of this Term Sheet, the "Participating DIP Holders"); and (7) the undersigned Incremental Facility lenders, signatories of the Export Pre-Payment Agreement dated as of June 23, 2014 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Incremental Facility") (the "IF Lenders").
OGX, OSX, the OSX-3 Bond Trustee, OSX-3, the Participating DIP Holders and the IF Lenders are each referred to herein as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties". Participating DIP Holders and IF lenders may become signatories to this Term Sheet after the initial date of this Term Sheet, by signing this Term Sheet and delivering a copy of their signature page to the other Parties (or their representatives), and shall thereafter be bound by this Term Sheet with effect from the date of such delivery of their signature page and become one of the Parties.
The Parties agree to work together in good faith and use reasonable endeavours (a) to agree the definitive documentation (including additional detailed terms) required to implement the Settlement on a basis which is consistent in all material respects (unless otherwise agreed between the Parties) with this Term Sheet, and therefore, (b) to achieve Definitive Execution (as defined below), in each case on or before the Long Stop Date (as detailed herein). The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Term Sheet is limited to the key commercial terms of the Settlement, and that it will be necessary to agree additional terms within the detailed definitive legal documentation which implements and details the Settlement, and that they shall each act reasonably in seeking to agree such additional terms to the extent that (unless otherwise agreed between the Parties) such additional terms are not inconsistent in any material respect with this Term Sheet. However, the foregoing agreements shall terminate (and thereafter shall no longer continue to be in effect) in the event of a Termination Event (as detailed herein).
Given that this Term Sheet sets out only key commercial terms and remains subject to agreement of definitive legal documentation, the sole remedy for breach of this Term Sheet by any Party shall be the reimbursement of the costs and expenses by OGX as described in the Section below headed "Costs and
1 As part of, or subsequent to, the implementation of the Settlement, the assets (and potentially certain of the liabilities) of OSX-3 Leasing BV, including the EPSO, the rights of OSX-3 under the Charter Contract, and OSX-3's interest in NewCo and the OGXPG Shares (each as defined below) (and potentially liabilities with respect to the OSX-3 Bonds), may be transferred to one or more new entities owned by or on behalf of the holders of the OSX-3 Bonds, if and as notified to the other Parties by OSX-3 Bond Trustee and/or OSX-3, in their sole discretion. In such event, this Term Sheet and any corresponding transaction documents shall be amended, updated and/or replaced accordingly as may be required by the OSX-3 Bond Trustee and OSX-3 to reflect such changes whilst maintaining the commercial effect of the Settlement contemplated by this Term Sheet.
SP - 18743682v2
301700922 v43

Expenses" and the termination of the Term Sheet (including the obligations set out in the paragraph above) as described in the Sections below headed "Termination Events" and "No Admissions".

1. Slruclurc of tin: NcUlcmcnl The settlement described in this Term Sheet ("Settlement") is comprised of lour main parts:

(i) the incorporation of a special purpose limited partnership entity by OSX-3. the Participating DIP Holders, and the lb' Lenders (in each case excluding each Relevant PIMCO Parly (as defined below)), in a jurisdiction to be chosen by mutual agreement among them, acting reasonably ("NewCo"). by the contribution of all their respective claims against ()(!X (as provided in Section .1 below);

(ii) the Payment, b(|uilizalion of (Maims (as provided in Section 4 below), which settles the various claims of OSX-3, the Participating DIP Holders and the lb' Lenders against ()(!X with the payment in kind of shares in (KiXP(i ("OGXPG Shares") and shares in lineva S.A. ("Kncva Shares") ("Payment, Kquiti/.atimi of (.Maims"), and certain other rights;

(iii) the Rebalancing (as described and defined in Section 5(ii)(5) below) of OCX PC. Shares and lineva Shares between NewCo and each Relevant PIMCO Party (as defined below) in order to achieve the respective final pro forma fully-diluted participations agreed in this Settlement; anil

(iv) the distribution of OOXPO Shares and lineva Shares by NewCo to OSX-3, the Participating DIP Holders and lb Lenders, to Hie extent not being retained by NewCo pursuant to the terms of the Settlement, on the basis provided for in Section 7 below (the "Distributions").

2. Guiding Principles

With regards to this Settlement, the Parties agree to observe the following:

(i) Implementation. If the implementation of the Closing (as defined below) may be achieved in more than one manner, the Parties shall seek to reach agreement on a manner based on the costs (immediate and long term) to all Parties and the complexity of the alternatives, favouring the alternatives that present the lower cost and lower complexity for the Parties generally.

(ii) Taxes. OGX shall be responsible for the pavment (including gross up) of all taxes under Brazilian law related to the
Closing including, but not limited to, all income taxes
(including any capital gains and withholding tax) and

2 301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

financial transaction taxes (IOF).

(iii) ADRs. Both Eneva S.A. ("Eneva") and OGXPG have set up Level 1 American Depositary Receipts programs (the "ADR Programs") with the Bank of New York Mellon ("BNYM"), as depositary of the ADR Program, and Banco Itau S.A., as BNYM's share custodian in Brazil. Pursuant to the ADR Programs, Eneva Shares and OGXPG Shares may be deposited with BNYM's share custodian in Brazil and exchanged for american depositary receipts representing american depositary shares issued by BNYM which are delivered through the Depositary Trust Company ("ADRs"). ADRs based on Eneva Shares pursuant to the ADR Program for Eneva are hereinafter referred to as "Eneva ADRs". ADRs based on OGXPG Shares pursuant to the ADR Program for OGXPG are hereinafter referred to as "OGXPG ADRs". The Rebalancing of Eneva Shares and OGXPG Shares provided for in Section 5(ii)(5) below shall be effected through the transfer of the relevant ADRs, and references to OGXPG Shares and Eneva Shares shall be construed accordingly.

3. Incorporation and

(a) Incorporation

Capitalisation ol' NcwCo

(see below for Operation of (i)OSX-o. (ii)llie Participating Dll' Holders, excluding each Relevant

NewCo)

PIMCO Party (as defined below) (the "Non-PIMCO Participating DIP

Holders'') and (iii) the IT Lenders, excluding each Relevant PIMCO Parly (as

defined below) (the "Non-PIMCO IE Lenders" and together with the Non-

PIMCO Participating DIP Holders, the "Non-PIMCO Participating

Creditors") (together, as limited partners in NcwCo, the "LPs") shall

incorporate NcwCo in a jurisdiction to be chosen by mutual agreement among

them, acting reasonably, which choice of jurisdiction shall lake into account

the need lor the Rebalancing and the Distributions that are rci|uircd to be

made by NcwCo to the LPs pursuant to the terms of the .Settlement.

(h) Capitalisation

The following shall he contributed to Newco by OSX-3, the Non-PIMCO Participating DIP Holders, and the Non-PIMCO IT Lenders, in return for the respective consideration staled below.

3 301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

Cirniqi OSX-3
N on-riM C O Purlicipatinfi DIP Holders
N on-riM CO IF Lenders

Contribution

Consideration

The OSX '3 Charier Claims (defined below) (subject to the .security in favor of the OSX-3 bond Trustee).1'

between 44.72% and

45.79%

equity-

equivalent

limited

partnership interest in

NewCo depending on

how many holders of

Scries 3 DIP Facility

have

become

Participating

DIP

1lolders.

Any and all of their claims against OCX under and with respect to the DIP Facility as at the Closing Date, including in particular. but without limitation, the respective convertible debentures (the Non-IMMCO 1)11» Facility Claims").

between 41.26% and

42.64%

equity-equivalent

limited partnership

interest in NewCo

depending on how

many holders of Series

3 DIP Facility have,

become Participating

DIP Holders.

"

Any anil all ol' their claims against ()(1X under and with respect Id the Incremental Facility as at the Closing Dale (which will he represented at the lime of the contribution hy the Austria Promissory Notes, as further described in Section 5 below) (the "Non-IMMCO IK Claims'')

between 12.65% and

12.95%

equity equivalent

limited partnership

interest in NcwCo

depending on how

many holders of Series

5 DIP Facility have

become Participating

DIP Holders.

"

The effective equity-equivalent limited partnership interest of each I.P in NcwCo will be a fraction, the numerator of which will be based on the number of OCJXPCi Shares to which each I,P shall be nolionally entitled pursuant to the Payment. Hquili/alion of Claims but prior to the making ol'lhe Distributions (as per Schedule I of this Term Sheet) and the denominator of
2 In keeping with the guiding principles set out in Section 2 above and consistent with Section 4(i) (Payment, Equitization o f Claims) below, the final definitive documentation may provide that the OSX-3 Charter Claims are alternatively converted into OGXPG Shares and Eneva Shares and in turn contributed (in whole or in part) to NewCo, provided that each Party's respective position immediately after the Distributions (described in section 7(iii) of this Term Sheet) is effectively the same as what their position would have been at the same point in the Settlement if the OSX-3 Charter Claims were contributed to NewCo before being equitized. Corresponding amendments to certain parts of this Term Sheet dealing with contribution of claims against OGX (including amendments to the timing of such contribution in order to minimise counterparty risk so far as possible), equitization of those claims, limited partnership interests and the distribution of equity to certain Parties may also be reflected in the final definitive documentation as required.
4
301700922 v43
SP - 18943825V2

4. Payment, Equitization of Claims
301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

which will lie (ho total immlier id (XiXI'Ci Shares to lie owned by NewCo as per Schedule 1of this Term Sheet.

The value range specified above represents the fact that it remains unknown to what extent holders of Series 3 of the Dll' I'acility (the "Series 3 DIP Kacility Holders'') will participate in the Settlement. All Series 3 DIP I'acility Holders will he offered the opportunity to participate in the Settlement. The lower end of the value ranges in the above table assume that all of the Scries 3 DIP I'acility Holders choose to participate in the Settlement, and the higher end of the range assumes that none of them choose to participate in the Settlement (those not so participating being referred to for these purposes as, the "Hold-Olds"). In the event that there are Hold Outs, the Parlies intend to progress with the. Settlement in any event, and: (i) the equity-equivalent limited partnership interest in NewCo of OSX-3 and the Non-PIMCO Participating DIP Holders and the Non-PIMCO II' Holders, and (ii) the Rebalancing of OOXPO Shares and lineva Shares between NewCo and the Relevant PIMCO Parties, will be adjusted depending on the quantity of Hold outs, in accordance with the agreed form of financial model used to pre-pare schedule I, and so that the commercial agreement set I'orlh in Section 4 of this Term Sheet is maintained. In particular, however, the number ol OOXPO Sliaies and lineva Shares notionally allocated within NewCo to OSX-3 and the Non PIMCO IP Holders shall not change, and only the Non-PIMCO Participating DIP Holders shall he affected in terms ol their notional allocation within NewCo of OOXPO Shares and lineva Shares, in each case as shown in Schedule 1.

OSX -3 shall be entitled to appoint an independent general partner to manage the assets and exercise the rights of NewCo (including the OOXPO Shares held by NewCo as a result of the contributions described above), such general partner to be appointed for Ibe I.Ps by OSX-3. subject to the consent ol the Non-PIMCO Participating DIP Holders and the Non-PIMCO IP' Holders (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) (the "CP").

Iiiielt of the Id's shall contribute, in cash to NewCo their pro rata share of the establishment and corporate maintenance costs of NewC'o and the operating costs of the CP (to the extent not paid by OCX pursuant to the terms of this Term Sheet) subject to an aggregate cap of l)S$2,()0l),000 per annum ("Costs Contribution").

As part of the Settlement:

(i) OSX-3 Charter Claims: the OSX-3 Charter Claims shall be fully settled with the delivery of:

1.

OGXPG Shares representing 32.5% of the total pro-forma

post restructuring amount of OGXPG Shares outstanding on a

fully diluted basis;

2.

1/3 of the Eneva Shares held by OGX as at the Closing Date,

which shall be immediately transferred by NewCo into the

5

5. Implementation of the Payment, Kquitizalion of (Maims

Final Escrow Account (as defined and described below); and

3.

the TBMT Call Option (as defined and described below).

(ii) DIP Facility Claims: any and all claims of DIP Holders against OGX under and with respect to the DIP Facility as at the Closing Date, including in particular, but without limitation, the convertible debentures (the "DIP Facility Claims") shall be fully settled with the delivery of:

1.

OGXPG Shares representing 46.92% of the total pro-forma

post-restructuring amount of OGXPG Shares outstanding on a

fully-diluted basis; and

2.

25.02% of the Eneva Shares held by OGX as at the Closing

Date.

(iii) IF Claims: any and all claims of IF Lenders against OGX under and with respect to the Incremental Facility as at the Closing Date (the "IF Claims") shall be fully settled with the delivery of:

1.

OGXPG Shares representing 15.58% of the total pro-forma

post-restructuring amount of OGXPG Shares outstanding on a

fully-diluted basis; and

2.

8.31% of the Eneva Shares held by OGX as at the Closing

Date; and

For the avoidance of doubt, together, the OSX-3 Charter Claims, the DIP Facility Claims and the IF Claims shall receive in the aggregate, as at the Closing Date, 95% of the total pro-forma post-transaction issued share capital of OGXPG on a fully-diluted basis.3

The Panics recognize Hint in view of certain struct tiral and legal limilnlions, il will not be possible lor the closing ol llie Paymenl. hquiti/alion ol Claims to occur simultaneously with OGXPG directly delivering to each of the other parties the correct amount of OGXPG Shares and Eneva Shares specified in Section 2 above. As such, the Implementation of the Paymenl, Equilization of Claims shall follow the principles below:

(i)

Prc-Closiim Matters: (a) NcwCo shall he incorporated as described

in Sections l(i) and 3(a) above; and (b) immediately prior to the first

step of the Closing (as described below), (I) OGXPG and OSX-3

(and to the extent required the OSX-3 Uond Trustee) shall enter into

an agreement which crystallizes the OSX-3 Charter Claims and

allows for them to he assigned to NcwCo; and (2) the Incremental

3 The Settlement will be closed with OGXPG Shares only, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties. The final definitive documentation may provide for OGPar to merge with OGXPG and what would be the timing and terms of such mei'ger. In such event references in this Term Sheet to OGXPG Shares and OGPar Shares shall be interpreted accordingly.
6
301700922 v43
SP - 18943825V2

301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

Facility shall he assigned to OCIX Auslria Cimhll by Ihe IF' Lenders in exchange lor one or more promissory notes being issued by OCX Austria Cimhll and fully guaranteed by OCX PC in an aggregate principal amount equal to the then outstanding amount of the Incremental Facility (Ihe "Auslria Promissory Notes'')
(ii) Steps of the., ('lasing; Obligation to Rebalance: The Payment, F(|iiiiizulion of ('laims shall occur in steps in Ihe following order:
(1) NewCo shall be capitalized by OSX-3 and the Non-PIMCO Participating Creditors as described in Section 3(b) above.
(2) .all the lineva Shares referred to in Section 4 above shall be delivered to NewCo by (XiXPli as payment in kind of a portion of Ihe OSX 3 Charter Claims;
(3) Ihe remaining OSX 3 Charier Claims and the Auslria Promissory Notes (representing the IF' Claims assigned to OCX Austria (Jmbll) shall be used respectively by NewCo and by the Relevant PIMCO Parlies to acquire certain OCX PC Shares in a capital increase to be approved by OCX PC;
(4) NewCo (in its capacity as holder of the Non-PIMCO DIP Facility Claims) and Ihe Relevant PIMCO Parlies (in their capacity as holders of DIP Facility ('laims) will waive all remaining conditions precedent to conversion of the DIP Facility and convert the DIP Facility into b5% of Ihe outstanding share capital ol'OCXPO (on a pm forma basis):
(5) whereas, on one hand, the Relevant PIMCO Parties will receive more than their respective portion of (XiXPCi Shares (relative to what should be their pro rata participation under the payment in kind provided for in Section 4 above) and, on Ihe other hand, NewCo shall receive more than its respective portion of lineva Shares (relative to what should be the pro rata participation attributable to NewCo's OSX-3 Charter Claims, Ihe Non-PIMCO DIP Facility Claims, ami the Non-PIMCO IF Claims under the payment in kind provided for in Section 4 above), (i) tin: Relevant PIMCO Parties who are holders of DIP Facility Claims and NewCo shall exchange (XiXI'd ADRs representing the excess OCIXPC Shares held by the Relevant PIMCO Parlies with lineva ADRs representing a portion of Ihe excess lineva Shares held by NewCo, and (ii) NewCo shall transfer the balance of the excess OCX PC Shares and lineva Shares held by NewCo (in the form of OCX PC ADRs and lineva ADRs) to the Relevant PIMCO Parties who are holders of the IF' Claims (together, the "Rebalancing").
______ The pro-lorma calculation of the OCX PC Shares and lineva Shares to
7

301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

In.', recei vcd anil exchanged (including will) rcspccl In Ilie Rebalancing) in each of lhe.se steps is lo he calculated in accordance with Schedule I.
As doserihed in Section 3 above, based on the. actual level ol` (or absence of) Hold-Outs. the number of (KJXPCl Shares and lineva Shares issued to NewCo (and notionally allocaleil therein to OSX 3. the Non-PIMCO Participating Dll' Holders and the Non-PIMCO 11·' Holders), and to the Relevant PIMOO Ral lies, and the Rebalancing of OCX PC Shares and lineva Shares between NewCo and the Relevant IMMCO Parlies, will be adjusted in accordance with the agreed form of financial model used to prepare Schedule I, and so that the commercial agreement set forth in Section 4 of this Term Sheet is maintained. In particular, however, the number of OCiXPC Shares and lineva Shares nolionally allocated lo OSX-3 and the II1' Holders shall not change, and only the Participating DIP Holders shall be affected in terms of their notional allocation of OCiXPC! Shares and lineva Shares, in each case as shown in Schedule I.
(iii) .Settlement Amounts. P'or purposes of the Payment, liquili/ation of Claims, the Parties have agreed that:
(1) the settlement of the OSX .1 Charier Claims shall represent all amounts owing lo OSX-3 as charier hire by OCX under and with respect to the Charier Contract as at the Closing Dale, and, if applicable, through to such later dale and/or in such fixed amount as OSX-3 and OCX may agree, also taking into account and in consideration of OSX-3's agreement to the amendments to the Charter Contract contemplated by Section 10 below, provided that such settlement shall not limit or prejudice (A) C)SX-3's future rights under the Charter ConlraeL alter Closing (other than with respect lo the payment of charlcrhire which - save for the lixccss Payments provided for in Section 11 below shall be finally determined as provided under the Settlement irrespective of when the Charter Contract is terminated, or (13) the OSX-3 Pond Trustee's rights with respect lo the Charter Contract; and in particular (but without limitation) shall not limit or prejudice in each case the right to terminate the Charter Contract without penalty at any lime;
(2) the II' Claims shall be all amounts outstanding under and with respect to the Incremental P'acilily; and
(3) the DIP Pacilily shall be converted in accordance with its terms (i.e.. only the principal amount shall be considered for the purposes of conversion).
(iv) OCiXPC Share amaluamalion. Within a commercially reasonable period alter all (KiXPO Shares have been issued to the relevant

6. PIMCO

Parlies in accordance with Ihe Payment, liijnili/ation of Claims, OGXPG shall approve and implement a pro rata amalgamation of all OGXPG Shares, saeli amalgamation to target a price per OGXPG Share of bet ween R$ 10.00 and U$2().()().
No fund or account managed or controlled by Pacific Investment Management Company, LLC which is an IF Lender or Participating DIP Lender (each a "Relevant PIMCO Party") shall be required to make the contribution to NewCo of its respective IF Claim or DIP Facility Claim which is contemplated above. Instead, the Relevant PIMCO Parties have agreed to hold and retain directly, as at the Closing Date, on the basis of the Lock-Up Agreement described below, between 14.59% and 14.81% of the OGXPG Shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis (or OGXPG ADRs in relation thereto)4, which it legally or beneficially, and whether directly or indirectly, and whether or not via OGXPG ADRs, owns, or controls at the time of, or as a result of, Closing (the "Relevant OGXPG Shares"). The final number of Relevant OGXPG Shares shall be a percentage of the OGXPG Shares which the Relevant PIMCO Parties are entitled to receive under the Settlement as contemplated by Section 4 above, where that percentage is equal to the percentage of OGXPG Shares that the LPs will be entitled to receive from NewCo after the Distributions have occurred (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding the number of OGXPG Shares subject to the Distributions), relative to the total number of OGXPG Shares they shall be entitled to receive pursuant to this Settlement as contemplated by Section 4 above.
The Relevant OGXPG Shares shall be subject to a Lock-Up Agreement to be entered into among all Relevant PIMCO Parties and NewCo (the "Lock-Up Agreement") to the effect that:
i. no Relevant Pimco Party shall sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of, whether directly or indirectly, any of the Relevant OGXPG Shares or any economic or voting interest therein, until the earlier of (A) obtaining the prior written consent of NewCo or the GP (which may be provided or withheld in the sole discretion of NewCo and the GP); (B) the earlier of the time at which NewCo no longer owns any OGXPG Shares and those OGXPG Shares have been distributed to and received by the LPs or within forty five (45) days from the Redelivery; (C) the time at which the dissolution of NewCo has occurred and any OGXPG Shares owned by NewCo have been distributed to and received by the LPs; (D) the completion of the relevant transaction following and relating to an exercise of the TBMT Call Option (as defined and described below) (provided that if the transaction will involve Redelivery followed by, or in any event, the dissolution of NewCo, then (if later than the aforesaid completion) the earlier of the time at which the dissolution of NewCo has occurred and any OGXPG Shares owned by NewCo have been distributed to and

4 The final amount will depend on how many holders of Series 3 DIP Facility have become DIP Participating Holders
9
301700922 v43
SP - 18943825V2

received by the LPs or within forty five (45) days from the Redelivery); or (E) three (3) years from the date of receipt of all of their OGXPG Shares pursuant to the Settlement; provided, however, that any Relevant PIMCO Party may (i) freely transfer any Relevant OGXPG Shares (X) to NewCo, or (Y) to any other person or entity that agrees to be bound by the Lock-Up Agreement, and (ii) freely transfer any Relevant OGXPG Shares to any other relevant PIMCO Party, if it does not reduce the aggregate amount of Relevant OGXPG Shares held by the Relevant PIMCO Parties at the time of or as a result of Closing (after taking into account any Relevant OGXPG Shares transferred pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) of this proviso immediately above); and

ii. at any shareholders' meeting of OGX or in any other corporate action with respect to OGX in which NewCo participates as a shareholder of OGX, and unless NewCo or the GP agree otherwise in writing, the Relevant PIMCO Parties will either (i) vote, resolve or otherwise act with respect to the Relevant OGXPG Shares in the same way as NewCo shall vote, resolve or otherwise act with respect to its own OGXPG Shares, or (ii) otherwise abstain from so voting, resolving or acting.

7. Distribution of Assets by NewCo; Dissolution of NewCo

Immediately alter Closing (and, for the avoidance of doubt, alter completion of the Exchange), NewCo shall:
(i) transfer 50% of the Hncva Shares received by NewCo (as set forth in Sections 4 and 5 above) to the Einal Escrow Account (its defined below), on behalf of OSX-3; such transfer will be considered it distribution made to OSX-3 in its capacity as LPk
(ii) distribute, the remaining lincva Shares held by NewCo (as set forth in Sections 4 and 5 above and after giving effect to the Rebalancing and the distribution referred to in 7(i) above) to the Non-PIMCO Participating DIP Holders and the Non PIMCO IE Holders pro rata to the Non-PIMCO DIP Eaeility Claims and Non PIMCO IE Claims that each of them contributed to NewCo (;ts set forth in Section 3 above);
(iii) reserve a number of OGXPG Shares received by NewCo (as set forth in Sections 4 and 5 above) equivalent to 47.5% of the voting capital stock of OGXPG, and distribute the remaining OGXPG Shiites to OSX-3, the. Non-PIMCO Participating DIP Holders and the Non-PIMCO IE Lenders according to their respective, equity-equivalent limited partnership interests in NewCo.

hollowing the OSX-3 EPSO (the "Vessel") being redelivered to OSX-3 in ________________________________ compliance with the Charier Contract (its amended pursuant to the Settlement)

5Alternatively, NewCo may distribute to OSX-3, which would subsequently deposit the shares in escrow.
10
301700922 v43
SP - 18943825V2

8. Eucva Shares
9. ( )peration of Newt'«
301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

outside of Brazilian territorial waters ("Kcdclivcry"), NewCo shall he dissolved anil all of the assets ol NewCo (including the OGXPG Shares held by NewCo) will he distributed to the Id's pro rata to their equity-equivalent limited partnership interests in NewCo, alter payment in lull ol all liabilities of the NewCo.
For the avoidance of doubt, the ealculation ol'distributions to he made in eaeli step provided herein is allaehed hereto as Sehedule II.
Un July 1-1, 2010, OCX ane die USX 2 Bond Trustee Tiled a joint stipulation before the court presiding over the OSX-3 Enforcement Action (as defined below) authorizing (i) OGX's contribution of all the shares in Pamalba Gas Natural S.A. held by OGX at the relevant time (the "PGN Shares") to the capital of Eneva S.A. ("Eneva") in exchange for 1,487,541,263 shares in Eneva (if the Cambuhy Deal - as defined below - is implemented prior to such exchange) or 1,565,832,908 shares in Eneva (if the Cambuhy Deal - as defined below - is not implemented prior to such exchange) (the "Eneva Transaction") and (ii) the sale by OGX of 12,286,433 PGN Shares (or the shares in Eneva exchanged for such PGN Shares) to Cambuhy I Fundo de Investimento em Participa§oes for a purchase price of R$ 10 million (the "Cambuhy Deal").
On July 14, 2016, the Eneva Transaction and the Cambuhy Deal have simultaneously closed and OGX is the current owner of 14,875,412 shares in Eneva (after giving effect to a reverse stock split approved by Eneva) (the "Eneva Shares")
Except for the Cambuhy Deal, until the earlier of (i) the Closing Date, (ii) the judgment with prejudice by the Court of Appeals of Rio de Janeiro of an appeal eventually filed by Nordic in the OSX-3 Enforcement Action (as defined below) seeking the attachment of the Eneva Shares (in case such an attachment is not granted by the lower court), or (iii) the occurrence of the 18month lock-up period counted from July 25, 2016, OGX will not sell, encumber, transfer or dispose by any means the Eneva Shares, as the case may be.
The GP shall manage the assets ol NewCo in the best interests ol all ol the EPs equally, with a view to maximizing the value ol the assets ol NewCo, with key decisions being relerred to a vote requiring the approval ol Id's holding in aggregate not less than 66.67'»- by value ollhe limited partnership interests in NewCo. save as provided below. The organizational documents ol NewCo shall provide lor customary inlhrmaliou rights and may also include a super-majority decision/conseni threshold Ibr material matters, such as corporate transactions and incurrence ol indebtedness.
To the extent that OGX is required to obtain direct consent Irom NewCo GP (as a contractual matter rather than in NewCo's general capacity as a holder o! OGXPG Shares) with respect to any actions to lie taken by OGX in relation to the spending ol capex by OGX on or in relation to TMBT in excess ol USS 5m in aggregate, and the exercise ol that consent is provided lollowing
n

NowOu seeking rorm;il consent from ;i particular required threshold amount of tlie I.I's, then the OGXl'G Shares held hy the Relevant PIMCO Parties whieh are subject to the Loek-lJp Agreement shall vote alongside and he included in the denominator lor establishing whether the requisite consent threshold lor the l.l's has been obtained, as if the Relevant PIMC'C) Parlies were themselves also Id's.

10. Charter Contract

As stated above, all claims of OSX-3 for charter rates and other amounts owed under the Amended and Restated Bare Boat Charter Agreement in respect of the Vessel, dated September 12, 2014 (the "Charter Contract") as at the Closing Date, and, if applicable, through to such later date and/or in such fixed amount as OSX-3 and OGX may agree, also taking into account and in consideration of OSX-3's agreement to the amendments to the Charter Contract contemplated immediately below, and, irrespective of when the Charter Contract is terminated (the "OSX-3 Charter Claims"), shall be settled as described in section 4 (Payment, Equitisation of Claims) of this Term Sheet (subject always to security in favour of the OSX-3 Bond Trustee), provided that such settlement shall not limit or prejudice (A) OSX-3's future rights under the Charter Contract after Closing other than with respect to the payment of charterhire which (save for the Excess Payments provided for in Section 11 below) shall be finally determined as provided under the Settlement irrespective of when the Charter Contract is terminated, or (B) the OSX-3 Bond Trustee's rights with respect to the Charter Conduct, and in particular (but without limitation) shall not limit or prejudice in each case the right to terminate the Charter Contract without penalty at any time.

The Charter Contract shall thereafter be amended, inter alia, such that:

· OGX shall have the right to continue to use the Vessel until the date of termination of the Charter Contract without payment of any charter rates, other than the Excess Payments provided for in Section 1lbelow (irrespective of when the Charter Contract is terminated);

· OGX shall provide full physical access to the Vessel to OSX-3 as it shall require, including for inspections by prospective purchasers or replacement charter-parties;

· OGX shall maintain and continue to update a full action plan for the disconnection and redelivery of the Vessel, and shall consult with OSX-3's representatives regarding the implementation of such plans, and provide full and open access to such representatives regarding the status and implementation of such plans;

· OSX-3 or the OSX-3 Bond Trustee shall be entitled to terminate the Charter Contract without penalty at any time upon written notice to OGX for any reason, and to require redelivery of the Vessel to OSX-3 (the "Redelivery Notice");

·_OGX shall be entitled to terminate the Charter Contract without ____________________________________penalty at any time upon 240 days' written notice to OSX-3 (the
12
301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

"OGX Redelivery Notice");
· Without limitation of NewCo's financial obligations with respect to the NewCo Disconnection Financial Commitment (as defined below), OGX shall be fully responsible for the following redelivery obligations (the "Redelivery Obligations"):
o within 5 business days of the date of receipt of the Redelivery Notice or OGX Redelivery Notice, to file a request with ANP requesting the stop of oil production in the Tubarao Martelo field ("TMBT") and the abandonment of TBMT;
o redelivering the Vessel to OSX-3 (or to another entity as directed by OSX-3 or the OSX-3 Bond Trustee) within the date which is the earlier of:
* 120 days after the date on which ANP approves the stop of oil production in the Tubarao Martelo field and the abandonment of the field; and
* 240 days after the date of the Redelivery Notice or OGX Redelivery Notice
(the date on which redelivery occurs being, the "Redelivery Date");
o disconnecting and demobilizing the Vessel so as to redeliver the Vessel to OSX-3 (or to another entity as directed by OSX-3 or the OSX-3 Bond Trustee) on the Redelivery Date, free and clear of any (i) encumbrances (save for the mortgage over the Vessel in favour of the OSX-3 Bond Trustee and/or liens that were not created by or as a result of actions or omissions of OGX), and (ii) claims of OGX or other persons arising out of the use of the Vessel by OGX;
o the exportation of the Vessel from TBMT (this obligation shall include being fully responsible for complying with any requirements of any governmental authority in connection with the re-exportation of the Vessel or the placement of the Vessel on another oil field in Brazilian waters). OGX shall provide powers of attorney to OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee or their representative or nominees to perform any actions or provide any documents that are required in this regard; and
o providing such documentation and taking such steps as are required by OSX-3 or the OSX-3 Bond Trustee with respect to the REPETRO regime.
13

· To the extent not already in hand, OGX shall provide (and ensure that OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee remain up to date with) all technical and other documentation required for the operation of the Vessel or that may be required by an alternative charterer or purchaser of the Vessel;
· Upon the Redelivery Date, the Charter Contract and all related agreements shall be automatically and immediately cease to apply, save for any unsatisfied outstanding or contingent obligations thereunder (and otherwise without need for any notice or other formality (de pleno jure))',
· If OGX fails to satisfy the Redelivery Obligations, (a) OSX-3 and/or the OSX-3 Bond Trustee shall have the right to take immediate possession ("reintregacao na posse") of the Vessel, and (b) a liquidated damages sum of US$100 million shall become immediately due and payable from OGX to OSX-3 (subject to the security in favour of the OSX-3 Bond Trustee) (the "Liquidated Damages Sum") to compensate OSX-3 for the costs, time and administrative expenses that it will incur in relation to the disconnection, demobilization and exportation of the Vessel from TBMT and the loss that it will suffer as a result of the delayed redelivery. The Liquidated Damages Sum shall bear interest at an initial interest rate of 10% per annum (which interest rate shall increase by an additional 1% per annum every 60 days) until full compliance with the Redelivery Obligations;
· OGX shall provide and pay for all insurance and maintenance of the Vessel in accordance with the Charter Contract (including paying the costs of the H&M and War insurance currently being paid for by or on behalf of OSX-3) until the Redelivery Date, at OGX's cost and expense; and
· During the charter period, OGX shall provide and report to OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee:
o on a weekly basis, the daily production at TBMT;
o on a weekly basis, its rolling 13 week cash flow; and
o on a monthly basis, the revenues received by OGX in the prior month from the sale of any cargo(es) from TMBT.6
In addition, NewCo shall provide a guarantee to OSX-3 (which shall be subject to security in favour of the OSX-3 Bond Trustee) of OGX's obligations under the Charter Contract (including with respect to the Redelivery Obligations), which guarantee obligation shall be fully secured
6 Additional reasonable information requirements relevant to implementation of the Settlement and/or operation of the Vessel/Charter Contract may be included in the definitive legal documentation.
14
301700922 v43
SP - 18943825V2

over all of the assets of NewCo on a first priority senior basis.

As from the Definitive Execution Date, OGX will pay (i) all insurance costs incurred by or on behalf of OSX-3 in connection with the Vessel, (ii) fees, costs and expenses (if any) incurred by OSX-3 in connection with the operation of the Vessel, and (iii) subject to an annual cap of US$1,500,000 operational, legal and professional fees reasonably incurred by OSX-3 in connection with or related to the Charter Contract.

11. Tubarao iVlarlclo Kicld

· OCX shall retain ownership of THMT. As a condition precedent to Closing. OCX shall agree with OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Hond Trustee and obtain written approval from ANR of, the I'mgm wa tic Dcstiiivticao tie lnsUihn;i~>cs with respect to THMT anil the Vessel ("Disconnection I'lan") and the (laminin tic Dcsativacat) c Ahtmtlmit) do ('tnnpo ("Decommissioning Collateral") on terms acceptable to OSX 3 and the OSX-3 Horn! 'Trustee, and any other authorization or approval as may be determined by ANR as being required lor the slop of oil production, abandonment of THMT and the disconnection of the Vessel from THMT. and lor OCX to generally and fully comply with the Redelivery Obligations without further approval from ANR.

· OCX shall be responsible (including as to the costs thereof.) for the decommissioning of THMT and shall hold OSX-3 harmless for tiny cost or expense incurred in connection therewith to the extent such cost and expense is not covered by amounts standing to the credit of the Existing ANR Account or the Escrow Accounts.'

· OCiX shall not incur any capital expenditure on or in relation to TMHT in excess of US$5m in aggregate from time to lime without the prior written consent of New('o (acting by its (IE and with the consent of TPs holding in aggregate not less than b(>.(>7% by value of the limited partnership interests in NewCo).

· With respect to the gross revenues from the sale of oil produced at THMT as from I July 20lb after the payment of existing obligations with respect to royalties ("Revenues''), and until such lime as the 'Target Escrow Amount has been reached:

i. 10% of the Revenues shall be placed into the applicable Escrow Account;

ii. 'To the extent that Revenues from a sale of oil exceed the Revenue Threshold (as defined below), then 1/3 of such
_______________________ excess shall be allocated to each of the following pro rata

7 References in this Term Sheet to the "Escrow Account" or "Escrow Accounts" shall be construed to be a reference to the Interim Escrow Account or the Final Escrow Account (in each case as defined and described in Section 12 (Escrow arrangements) below) as applicable.
15
301700922 v43
SP - 18943825V2

301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

(the " Kxccss Paym ents):
 the applicable liscrow Accounl;
 OSX-3 as payment of charter hire under the Charier Contract; and
 the working eapilal requirements of OCX (including payment of trade suppliers).
· I'or purposes of this Term Sheet. '`Uevenue Threshold" means US$8m, after giving effect to the payment into the applicable liscrow Account described above (i.e., \(Y/t. of the Revenues placed in the applicable liscrow Account), considering a period of 30 days of production. The Revenue Threshold will be adjusted proportionally if it relates to a sale of oil for a production period of less or more than .ft) (.lays (for example, if a sale of oil covers a 45 days of production, the Revenue Threshold will be adjusted to US$l2m (US$Km + lJS.S4ni) and therefore, any Revenues exceeding IJS$I2m will be distributed as described immediately above). OCX will be required to inform CSX3 and the CSX-3 Bond Trustee at every sale of oil, the period of production covered by such sale, the production per day for such period as informed to the ANP or the market - and provide a copy of the invoice.
· OCX shall pay into the Interim liscrow Accounl (as defined and described in Section 12 below):
i. on the Signature Dale (pending the occurrence of Closing), any amounts payable into an liscrow Account under this Term Sheet calculated by reference to the Revenues from and including I July 2010 to and including the Signature Date.;
ii. between the Signature Date and the Definitive lixeculion Dale (unless and until a Termination livent occurs), tiny amounts payable into an liscrow Account under this Term Sheet its and when such amounts become payable in accordance with this Term Sheet.
· As from the Definitive lixeculion Dale, till amounts payable into an liscrow Account under this Term Sheet shall he paid into the Pinal liscrow Account (as defined and described in Section 12 below) as and when such amounts become payable in accordance with this Term
· Pending the occurrence of (Hosing, on the Signature Date, (KiX will make an lixcess Payment (to the extent applicable) to OSX-3 calculated by reference to the Revenues from and including I July 20l() to and including, the Signature Dale. On the (Hosing Date. (KiX

12. Escrow Arrangements
301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

will make an Excess Payment (10 the extent applicable) to OSX-3 calculated by reference to the Revenues from the Signature Dale to and including the Closing Date, (lor the avoidance of doubt, OCX will not be required to make any Excess Payments to OSX 1 between the Signature Date and the Closing Dale). As from the (.'losing Date, OCX will make Excess Payments (to the extent applicable) to OSX-3 as and when such amounts become, payable in accordance with this Term Sheet.

· OSX-3 will also be granted as part of the Settlement (which shall be.

subject to security in favour of, and exercisable at any lime, by the

OSX-3 Pond Trustee) a transferable option (the "TltM T Call

Option"), which shall exist until the Rede livery Obligations have

been fully satisfied, to acquire or transfer to a nominee or third party

(subject always to the requisite approval of ANP and any other

required third parly consents (which the parlies shall work in good

faith to obtain)) all of OCX's lights and interest in THMT for the

higher of (i) USS 1.00 or (ii) the aggregate amount of THMT capital

expenditure actually incurred by OCX solely in relation to physical

disconnection of the Vessel following service of a Redelivery Notice

by OSX-3 or tile OSX-3 Pond Trustee or the dale of the OOX

Redelivery Notice. See above regarding release of funds from the.

Escrow Accounts upon transaction completion following exercise of

TMUT ( 'all Option.

`

· The Eneva Shares transferred to OSX-3 under and as described in the section above headed "Payment, li</nili:.alion o f Claims" will be transferred to the Pinal Escrow Account as security for the payment of (to the extent these costs are. not paid for by ()(JX) (i) firstly, any costs associated with the disconnection of the Vessel from THMT, and its redelivery to OSX-3 (or to another entity as directed by OSX-3 or the OSX-3 Iiond Trustee); and (ii) (to the extent not required under (i)) secondly, towards meeting any cost of the abandonment of THMT (the "NcwCo Disconnection Financial Commitment' ). The Eneva Shares may be monetized by NewC.'o at any lime in its sole discretion provided that the funds resulting from such realization are placed into the Final Escrow Account.

· Upon transaction completion following the exercise of the THMT Call Option, OSX 3 (or its nominee or the third parly transferee) shall be. responsible for all lees, costs and expenses related to the Vessel, including but not limited to insurance and labor costs (including any severance costs).

(a) Amendment of Existing ANP Escrow Agreement

On or before the Signature Date, OGXPG shall amend (on terms satisfactory to OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee) the Contrato de Caugao dated 28 September 2016 between OGXPX and Banco BTG Pactual S.A. (the "Existing ANP Escrow Agreement") to the effect that
17

(until the Redelivery Obligations have been discharged, released or otherwise satisfied in full) no funds may be transferred out of the bank account the subject of the Existing ANP Escrow Agreement (the "Existing ANP Account") to any person (other than the ANP), and exclusively with respect to the Disconnection Plan, without the prior written consent of OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee.
(b) Establishment of Interim Escrow Account
On or before the Signature Date, OGX and OSX-3 shall establish an interim escrow account or equivalent structure on terms and in a jurisdiction satisfactory to OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee (the "Interim Escrow Account"), into which all amounts payable into the Interim Escrow Account as set out in Section 11 (Tubarao Martelo Field) above shall be deposited.8
(c) Establishment of Final Escrow Account
On or before the Definitive Execution Date, OGX and OSX-3 shall establish an escrow account (or two escrow accounts, to the extent that the escrow amount for the abandonment of TBMT may be segregated in a different account) or equivalent structure on terms and in a jurisdiction satisfactory to OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee (the "Final Escrow Account").
(d) Application of funds held in escrow
(i) The aggregate funds (or other assets placed in escrow, such as Eneva Shares transferred to NewCo under and as described in Section 4 (Payment, Equalization of Claims) above) held in the Escrow Accounts from time to time (the "Escrow Funds") up to a maximum amount representing the costs of decommissioning as set forth in the Disconnection Plan plus the amount of the Decommissioning Collateral (together, such amount being the "Target Escrow Amount") shall be used for the following purposes in the order of priority listed:
A. meeting the costs of disconnection and redelivery of the Vessel or otherwise as required under the Redelivery Obligations, as required by OSX-3; then
B. (to the extent not required for the foregoing) abandonment of TBMT, as required by ANP.
(ii) The escrow agreements in respect of the Escrow Accounts shall provide, among other things, that (until the Redelivery Obligations have been discharged, released or otherwise satisfied
__________ in full) no funds may be transferred out of the Escrow Accounts
8The Parties may agree in the definitive documentation that the Interim Escrow Account shall be the Final Escrow Account (or one of them, to the extent that multiple escrow accounts are established).
18
301700922 v43
SP - 18943825V2

13. US-4
14. Releases
301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

to any person (other than the ANP), and exclusively with respect to the Disconnection Plan, without the prior written consent of OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee.
(iii) Any funds or assets standing to the credit of the Existing ANP Account or the Escrow Accounts (as the case may be) shall be returned to OGX upon the earlier of (A) all obligations and liabilities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, contingent obligations such as the Redelivery Obligations) of OGX relating to the Vessel and TBMT having been discharged, released or otherwise satisfied in full, or (B) completion of the relevant transaction following and relating to an exercise of the TBMT Call Option on the terms set out (and as defined and described) above.
· OGX shall rclaiu ownership of ils participation interest in US 4. save as provided below.
· OGX shall be entitled to sell all or any part of ils participation intercsl in I5S 4:
i. if the liserow bunds al that time are equal to or greater than the Target liserow Amount; or
ii. if the sale is for cash only for a purchase, price (net of transaction costs) which is equal to or higher than the amount representing the difference at the relevant time between the amount of the liserow bunds and the Target liserow Amount (the "Hsrrow Shortl'iiH"), and an amount equal to the liserow Shortfall is contributed directly from the proceeds of the sale of the US 4 participation to the liserow bunds (a "PcnniUed US-4 Sale").
· 1/3 of the lineva Shares shall be retained by OGX and the proceeds thereof shall be available to meet operating costs of OGX including meeting the costs of developing US-4.
· As described above, It)'«- of the proportional gross revenue proceeds attributable to OGX from the sale of oil produced al US-4 alter the payment of obligations with respect to royalties shall be placed into the liserow bund.
· Upon the Closing Date (or the Definitive Execution Date if agreed by the Parties), OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee shall irrevocably release all claims existing as of the Closing Date relating to the Charter Contract or otherwise, against OGX, its affiliates and its creditors (including Participating DIP Holders and IF Lenders) and each officer, director, employee, agent, representative or adviser thereof (the "OGX Released Parties"), save for any rights and/or
19

301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

claims arising out of or in connection with the Settlement and future rights under the Charter Contract. For the avoidance of doubt, no such release will apply as a result of the execution of this Term Sheet, but rather only upon execution of the definitive documents.
· Upon the Closing Date (or the Definitive Execution Date if agreed by the Parties), OGX, OSX and the Participating DIP Holders and the IF Lenders (together, the "Relevant Lenders"), shall irrevocably release all claims existing as at or raised prior to the Closing Date, relating to the Charter Contract, the Vessel or otherwise, against OSX-3 and its parent affiliates OSX-3 Holding BV and OSX-3 HoldCo BV and their creditors (including any holders of OSX-3 Bonds and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee), and OSX Leasing Group BV, and each officer, director, employee, administrator, agent, representative or adviser thereof (the "OSX-3 Released Parties", and together with the OGX Released Parties, the "Released Parties"), save for any claims arising out of or in connection with the Settlement. For the avoidance of doubt, no such release will apply as a result of the execution of this Term Sheet, but rather only upon execution of the definitive documents.
· Upon the Closing Date (or the Definitive Execution Date if agreed by the Parties), the OSX-3 Bond Trustee shall irrevocably release all claims existing as of the Closing Date, and OSX-3 shall irrevocably release all ongoing claims, against OSX (including the guarantee of OSX Brasil S.A. with respect to the OSX-3 Bonds, and any other claim or rights that the OSX-3 Bonds have against OSX arising out of its judicial reorganization) and its affiliates and each officer, director, employee, agent, representative or adviser thereof (the "OSX Released Parties"). For the avoidance of doubt, no such release will apply as a result of the execution of this Term Sheet, but rather only upon execution of the definitive documents.
· Upon the Closing Date (or the Definitive Execution Date if agreed by the Parties), OGX, OSX, OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee shall enter into a settlement agreement that shall have the effect of settling all pending disputes in all jurisdictions and agreeing not to initiate new litigation (subject to the following paragraphs) which settlement agreement shall be submitted to be ratified by each of the relevant courts and/or arbitral tribunal for the pending disputes. The settlement agreement shall specify that:
o OGX shall undertake not to bring any claim in any jurisdiction against OSX-3 or the Vessel, except in relation to an express breach of the terms of the Settlement and/any breach of the Charter Contract (as amended by the terms of the Settlement) occurring after the Closing Date, which dispute shall be subject solely to the arbitration clause in the Charter Contract,
20

15. Required Approvals
301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

o the OSX-3 Bond Trustee shall undertake not to bring any claim in any jurisdiction against OGX, except in relation to an express breach of the terms of the Settlement and/or Charter Contract (as amended by the terms of the Settlement) occurring after the Closing Date, which dispute shall be subject solely to the arbitration clause in the Charter Contract,
o OSX shall undertake not to bring any claim in any jurisdiction against OSX-3 or the Vessel, except in relation to an express breach of the terms of the Settlement occurring after the Closing Date,
o OSX and OGX shall undertake not to bring any claim in any jurisdiction against OSX Leasing Group BV,
o the OSX-3 Bond Trustee shall undertake not to bring any claim in any jurisdiction against OSX, except in relation to an express breach of the terms of the Settlement occurring after the Closing Date,
o OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee shall withdraw and cease all pending litigation against all OGX Released Parties and OSX Released Parties; and
o OGX and the Relevant Lenders and OSX shall withdraw and cease all pending litigation against all OSX-3 Released Parties.
For the avoidance of doubt, no such settlement will apply as a result of the signature of this Term Sheet, but rather only upon the Closing Date (or the Definitive Execution Date if agreed by the Parties), but OGX, OSX, OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee shall together seek to effect as quickly as possible a temporary stay of all such disputes pending the execution of the definitive documents.
All Parties have obtained all required corporate approvals to the terms ami conditions of this Term Sheet. In addition:
OSX 3 Holding BV, OSX 3 lloldC'o BV and OSX Leasing Croup BV shall be required to approve and agree with the terms and conditions of this Term Sheet.
rite OSX-3 Bond Trustee will obtain all requisite approval of the holders of OSX 3 Bonds in whichever form will be. binding upon 100% ol'ihe OSX-3 Bonds.
At the request of OCX, the DIP Trustee will obtain all requisite approval of the holders of the DIP Facility for the conversion of the DIP Facility into shares of OGXPG in whichever form will be binding
21

16. Conditions Precedent for the occurrence of the Definitive Documentation Date9

upon 100% ulThe DIP 1'"acilily.
· Al the request of OCX, Lhe Incremental Trustee will obtain all requisite approval of the holders of the IF Facility lor the conversion and payment (as applicable) of the IF Facility pursuant to the terms outlined in this Term Sheet in whichever form will be binding upon 100% of the holders of the Ilf Facility.
· OCX shall obtain the written approval of ANP to the Disconnection Plan (I'rograina de Desativagao de. Instalaedes) and the Decommissioning Collateral ((laminin da Desativagao a Abandono do i'ampo) on terms acceptable to OSX-3 and the OSX 3 Fond Trustee, and any other authorization or approval as may be determined by ANP as required for the disconnection of the Vessel from TBMT and to generally and fully comply with the Redelivery Obligations.
· OCX shall obtain the antitrust approval of the transaction set forth in this Term Sheet, to the extent necessary.
· No Termination Event shall have occurred.
· All Required Approvals have been obtained.
· OGX have obtained written approval by the ANP to the Disconnection Plan (Programa de Desativagao de Instalagdes) and the Decommissioning Collateral (Garantia de Desativagao e Abandono do Campo) on terms acceptable to OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee, and any other authorization or approval as may be determined by ANP as required for the disconnection of the Vessel from TBMT and to generally and fully comply with the Redelivery Obligations.
· A meeting of holders of the DIP Facility shall have been called and held with the purpose of giving every holder of the DIP Facility the opportunity to execute this Term Sheet and enter into the Settlement Agreement as Participating DIP Holders.
· A financial plan satisfactory to OSX-3, the OSX-3 Bond Trustee, IF Lenders and Participating DIP Lenders as to how OGX will meet the costs involved in restarting production at TBMT and complying with the Redelivery Obligations.
· A business plan for OGX which is satisfactory to OSX-3, the OSX-3 Bond Trustee, IF Lenders and Participating DIP Lenders.
· OGX's judicial reorganization has not been dismissed or converted into a bankruptcy liquidation (falencia) by the 4th Lower Corporate

9It is possible that further CPs may be agreed between the Parties as part of the definitive legal documentation.
22
301700922 v43
SP - 18943825V2

17. (.'losing,

Lxccution.

Longs! op Date mid

Termination Kvc.nts

Court in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil pursuant to applicable provisions of Law No. 11.101/2005, regardless of the existence of appeals filed by any interested party challenging the adjudication of the bankruptcy liquidation of OGX, OGPar, OGX Austria GmbH and/or OGX International GmbH.

· No court has issued an order or decision making illegal or otherwise restricting, staying, modifying the terms of, preventing or prohibiting the implementation of this Settlement; or declaring any provision of the Settlement to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable.

· All documentation with respect to OSX-3 and the Vessel required by OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee has been delivered to OSX-3.

· Litigation between OSX-3 Bond Trustee and OSX and its subsidiaries has been fully withdrawn or settled to the satisfaction of the OSX-3 Bond Trustee.

· lixeculion of Ihe final definitive legal documentation In effect the Settlement (the dale of such execution being, the `'Definitive Execution Date") is targeted to occur by 31 March 2017, but shall in any event occur on or before 30 April 2017 (the "l.ongstop Dale").

· It is expected that closing of each the various aspects of the Settlement pursuant to the definitive legal documentation ("Closing", and the Closing Dale being, the "Closing Date") will occur later than Ihe Definitive lixeculion Dale-, on the basis provided for in Ihe final definitive legal documentation, taking into account this Term Shod.

· This Term Shed shall la minate as provided below in the event of ihe

occurrence of any of the following events (each a "Termination

Kvcnl"):

"

"

o My any Marly that is already a signatory to this Term Shed, upon nolice in writing (including email) by that Marly (or its legal advisers) lo each oilier Marly (or Iheir legal advisers), if holders of at least I(MW. of Series I and 2 of Ihe DIM Facility and lOO'/a of Ihe IF Lenders have nol signed this Term Shed within 30 days after (and including) Ihe date of this Term Shed.

o Upon notice in writing (including email) by any Marty (or their legal advisers) to each other Marly (or iheir legal advisers) in the evenl of any of Ihe following events or circumstances:

material bleach of this Term Shed or the Settlement by any of the Marlies prior to the Closing Dale (and. for the avoidance of doubt, non payment of any amount required lo be paid under this T ain Shed shall eonslilulc a material breach of this Term Shed);

23 301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

18. Costs and Expenses
301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

 il' any ol' llie Condilions Precedent becomes incapable of satisfaction:
 it (he Selllemenl becomes incapable of completion; or
 if ihe Definitive Execution Date has not occurred by (and includin'' llie dale of) the Longslop Dale.
· Should Ibis Term Sliecl be lerminaled as result of llie occurrenee of a Temiinalion Event, the Parlies will be fully released from Ihe terms and conditions o il his Term Sliecl, and shall be entitled lo enforce all of their rights and remedies lo llie fullcsl extent, including bill not limited lo Ihe rights of the Participating DIP Holders, IP'Lenders, OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bondholders lo colled under their claims and lo re.(.|iiesl the bankruptcy (Jiilfnrin) of OCIXPCi and/or ()(IPar, as the case may be. which rights and remedies are all hereby fully reserved, and OGXI'G and OCiPar shall not be entitled lo rely on llie existence of Ibis Term Shed in its de-lence in any legal proceedings.
· On the Signature Date (if not already occurred) OGX shall reimburse to the OSX-3 Bond Trustee US$1,000,000 of historical insurances paid by or on behalf of OSX-3 towards insurance of the Vessel.
· OGX will reimburse the reasonable fees, costs and expenses incurred by OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Bond Trustee in connection with the negotiation and implementation of this Term Sheet:
o on the Signature Date, for the period from 1 August 2016 to the Signature Date; and
0 as from the Signature Date until Closing (unless and until a Termination Event occurs), on a monthly basis,
subject to an aggregate cap of US$1,225,000.
· To the extent not covered by the foregoing, OGX will meet any additional reasonable costs of incorporation and establishment of the NewCo up to an aggregate cap of US$350,000
· Without limitation to its obligations under the Charter Contract, OGX will pay on the Definitive Execution Date all insurances with respect to the Vessel (including, without limitation) reimbursing or paying on behalf of OSX-3 all premia and brokerage fees with respect to the Hull & Machinery and War & Risks insurance) due in the period from 1 August 2016 to the Definitive Execution Date.
· OGX will reimburse the reasonable fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Participating DIP Holders and the IF Lenders in connection with the negotiation and implementation of this Term Sheet:
24

1*1. Uoverning Law 20. No Admissions 21. Indicative Step I'lsin
301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

o on the Signature Date, for the period from 1 August 2016 to the Signature Date; and

o as from the Signature Date until Closing (unless and until a Termination Event occurs), on a monthly basis,
subject to an aggregate cap of US$1,225,000.

· This Term Sheet shall he governed hy the laws of England and any disputes relating to this Term Sheet shall he subject to the exclusive, jurisdiction of the English courts.

· If the Settlement is not consummated, including if this Term Sheet is terminated as a result of a Termination Event, this then nothing in this Term Sheet, or any draft documents relating hereto, or in any negotiations, proceedings, or correspondence in connection herewith shall alter the rights of the Parties which shall be fully reserved, or be used as an admission or as evidence on the merits of the underlying disputes by any Party, except (to the extent permitted by applicable evidentiary rales) to enforce the terms of any final, fully executed Settlement agreement.

· Endowing Ihe Signalurc Date, immcdialc stay of (i) the OSX-3

enforcement action brought by the OSX .1 Moud Trustee against OCX

(proceeding //02 El 172-14.2015.8. El.0001, ongoing before the

45lhCivil Court of Rio de Janeiro, and respective appeals, motions

and procedures) (the "OSX-3 Knforccmcut Action") and the

respective motion to dismiss enforcement brought by OCX against the

OSX-3 Hond Trustee (proceeding //02(>4E)7-50.20I5.K.E1.000I.

ongoing before the 45lh Civil Court of Rio de Janeiro, and respective

appeals, motions and procedures); (ii) the legal actions related to the

review of the- Vessel charier rales brought by OCX against the OSX-3

(proceedings //0504643-4K.20I4.X.EJ.000I * and

0026607-

`13.2015.8.El.0001, ongoing before Ihe 23"' Civil Court of Rio de

Janeiro, and respective appeals, motions and procedures); (in) the

arbitration proceedings among OCX, OSX-3 and the OSX-3 Hond

Trustee related to the review of the Vessel charier titles and defaults

under the Charier Contract (proceeding //I,CIA Arbitration

No. 153060); (iv) the injunctive relief brought by OSX against Ihe

OSX-3 Hond Trustee, (proceeding //()E1483X--13.2015.8. E1.000I,

ongoing before the 3'11Insolvency Court of Rio de Janeiro the OSX

Reorganization Court and respective appeals, motions and

procedures); (v) the claim brought by OSX Naval against OSX-3 in

Ihe Netherlands: (vi) the declaratory action brought by OSX against

the. OSX-3 Bond Trustee (proceeding //00727113-07.2()I5.S.E1.000I,

ongoing before tbe 31'1Insolvency Court of Rio de Janeiro -the OSX

Reorganization Court - and respective appeals, motions and

procedures): and (vii) the substantive action brought by OSX against

the OSX-3 Hond Trustee to deposit the Vessel into court custody for

future sale process (proceeding J/0253132-58.2015.8. H1.000I.

25

301700922 v43 SP - 18943825V2

ongoing before Lite .V1' Insolvency Court of Rio de Janeiro (lie OSX Reorganization Court  and respective nppcnls, niolions mul procedures);

· Following llic Signature Dale, imnicilialc sclllcinenl of the legal cosls

payable by ()(JX to llic OSX-3 Rond Truslcc, as awarded in the

Model I.aw recognition proceeding #50bl ol'2015, in the total amount

ol' L215.000; "

"

· Hxcculion of llic definitive documents to include (without limitation):

(i) A Sclllemenl agreement between the Parties hereto binding them to the obligations herein, including the Rebalancing:

(ii) An agreement between OCX. OSX-3, and the OSX-3 Rond Trustee providing lor a standstill and settlement support agreement with respect to the OSX 3 ( 'barter Claims:

(iii) An agreement between OSX and OSX-3 and the OSX 3 Rond Trustee providing lor a standstill and settlement of litigation between IItem;

(iv) Documents effecting the releases described above:

(v) Amendment to the DIP Paeilily Standstill and Settlement Support Agreement, Assumption of Affirmative and Negative Covenants dated April It), 2013;

(vi) Amendment to the Incremental P'aeility Standstill and Settlement Support Agreement dated April It). 2013;

(vii) If requited by OCX and/or OSX 3/1he OSX-3 Rond Trustee, additional confirmation of support for, and obligations to effect the Settlement, from the Participating DIP Holders and the 11I.aiders; and

(viii) Amendment to the Charter Contract.

· Obtainme.nl of the Required Approvals and verification of the Conditions Precedent

· Closing, will include, but will not be limited to. the following, steps:

26

111^

(i) Transfer of (he lincva Shares lo NewC.'o;

OCX PC capital increases L o convert and capitalize (a) the IF Claims, and (b) the OSX 3 Charter Claims, into OCX PC Shares as contemplated by the Settlement10;

Conversion of the Dll' Facility into 05';?. of the equity of OCX PC as contemplated by the existing Indenture and other related documents and judicial reorganization plan for OCX by all Dll' Holders. Following such conversion, there will be no other claims under the IMP Facility (including without limitation all applicable premiums, interest (including default interest), OIMiand Ices;

fiv) The Rebalancing between NewCo, on one side, and the PIIV1CO Relevant Parlies, on the other side, as provided for in
this Settlement;

( V ) Hxcculion of the Lock-Up Agreement by the Relevant

I'lMCO Parties;

'

"

(vi) Amalgamation of OCX PC Shares; (vii) Payment by OCX of Hxccss Payments to OSX-3.

10For purposes of such conversion and capitalization, all USD claims will be converted into BRL using an exchange rate of USD1.00 to BRL3.50 (which is the average exchange rate for the 6-month period up to September 30, 2016). Issuance price per share is set to be BRL1.70, based on the average stock price for the 6-month period up to September 30, 2016 with a discount of approximately 8%, negotiated among the Parties.
27
301700922 v43
SP - 18943825V2

