ISIN: NO 001 0684327
Third Amendment Agreement to
the Bond Agreement between
BassDrill Alpha Ltd. ("Issuer") and
Nordic Trustee ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 7.5 per cent Bassdrill Alpha Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond
Issue 2013/2018
Page 1 of 6

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 3 (the "Agreement") to the bond agreement originally dated 3 July 2013, as amended and restated by the second amendment agreement dated 20 July 2016 (also incorporating the amendments made by the first amendment agreement dated 26 May 2016), among the parties (the "Bond Agreement") is made on 11 November 2016 by and between:
(1) BassDrill Alpha Ltd., a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration number 42038 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Nordic Trustee ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee"),
(jointly referred to herein as the "Parties").
WHEREAS:
The Parties have agreed to make certain amendments to the Bond Agreement to implement the resolutions set out in the notice of a written bondholders' resolution dated 19 October 2016 that was approved by Bondholders on 24 October 2016 (the "Notice of Written Resolution").
IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

1

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

Words and expressions used herein shall have the same meaning when used herein as set out in the Bond Agreement unless expressly set out herein or the context otherwise requires.

"Amended and Restated Bond Agreement" means the Bond Agreement as amended and restated by this Agreement as set out in Schedule 2 (Amended and Restated Bond Agreement) hereto.

"Corporate Restructuring" means the corporate restructuring of the Parent and the Issuer, whereby ManCo (as nominee of Rig Manager) becomes a shareholder in the Parent and receives preference non-voting share options in the Issuer, on the terms set out in the transaction term sheet attached as schedule 1 to the Notice of Written Resolution.

"Effective Date" means the date on which the Bond Trustee notifies the Issuer that it has received all of the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions precedent documents) hereto in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

"ManCo" means Atlantica BDA Ltd., a company incorporated in Malta (with registered number C77818), having its registered address at 6th Floor, Tagliaferro Business Center, 14 Gaeity Lane, Malta.

2

AMENDMENTS

Subject to the delivery to the Bond Trustee of the conditions precedent documents set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions precedent documents) hereto, the Bond Agreement will be amended and restated on and from the Effective Date as set out in Schedule 2 (Amended and Restated Bond Agreement) to this Agreement.

3

REPRESENTATIONS

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that on the date of this Agreement and on the Effective Date:

Page 2 of 6

(a) Powers and authority: it has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby;
(b) Consents: all authorisations, approvals, consents, licences, exemptions, filings, registrations and other matters required by law for or in consequence of the entry into and performance by it of, and/or the validity of, this Agreement or the transactions to be implemented pursuant hereto have been obtained or effected or will be obtained or effected prior to the date required by law;
(c) Legal validity: this Agreement constitutes its legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations in accordance with its terms; and
(d) Non-conflict: the entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not conflict with:
(i) any applicable law or regulation or any applicable official or judicial order in any respect;
(ii) its constitutional documents or any of its resolutions (having current effect) or the constitutional document or any other resolution of any of its Subsidiaries; or
(iii) any agreement or instrument to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or which is binding upon any of them or on any of their assets.

4

AFFIRMATION OF SECURITY

(a) The Issuer confirms that, notwithstanding the amendments effected by this Agreement (i) each Security Document to which it is a party shall continue in full force and effect and shall extend to the liabilities and the obligations of the Issuer under the Bond Agreement as amended by this Agreement and the other Finance Documents (as applicable and subject to such limitations as are agreed in each Security Document), and (ii) any reference in any Finance Document to the Bond Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Bond Agreement as amended by this Agreement.

(b) Except as expressly modified by this Agreement, all terms and provisions of the Bond Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by the Parties as if herein set forth in their entirety. All references in the Bond Agreement to "this Agreement", "hereof', "hereby", "hereto", and the like shall, from the Effective Date, mean the Bond Agreement as hereby amended.

(c) The Issuer undertakes that it shall, within 15 Business Days of written request by the Bond Trustee, execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and do all such acts and things as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in connection with making any amendments to the Security Documents to reflect the amendments to the Bond Agreement effected by this Agreement and the extension and affirmation of the liabilities and obligations subject to the Security pursuant to paragraph (a) above.

5

FURTHER ASSURANCE

The Issuer undertakes that, promptly following the written request of the Bond Trustee, it shall execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and do all such acts and things as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in connection with the transactions contemplated herein.

Page 3 of 6

6

M ISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement is a Finance Document.
(b) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Agreement.
(c) This Amendment Agreement and all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.
(d) All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement, which are not resolved amicably, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

BassDrill Alpha Ltd. Issuer

SIGNATORIES
Nordic Trustee ASA Bond Trustee
Name: Title:

Page 4 of 6

6

MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement is a Finance Document.
(b) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Agreement.
(c) This Amendment Agreement and all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.
(d) All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement, which are not resolved amicably, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

BassDrill Alpha Ltd. Issuer
Name: Title:

SIGNATORIES
Nordic Trustee ASA Bond Trustee

Page 4 of 6

SCHEDULE 1
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT DOCUMENTS
Words and expressions used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning as set out in the term sheet appended as Schedule 2 to the notice of a written bondholders' resolution dated 19 October 2016 that was approved by Bondholders on 24 October 2016 (the "Term Sheet") or the Bond Agreement.
1. Evidence satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that ManCo is holding 49.9% of the issued share capital of the Parent.
2. A copy of the amended shareholders' agreement relating to the Parent, duly executed by HoldCo, ShareCo and ManCo.
3. A copy of the amended and restated Management Agreement, duly executed by the Issuer and the Rig Manager.
4. A copy of the option agreement to be entered into in relation to the issuance of the Preference Shares, duly executed by the Issuer and ManCo.
5. Certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of each of the Issuer, the Parent and, to the extent applicable, HoldCo, approving the transactions contemplated by the Term Sheet and granting authority to execute the agreements and documents necessary to implement the same (the "Transaction Documents") (as appropriate), including without limitation, this Agreement, the shareholders agreement relating to the Parent, the Management Agreement, and the amended constitutional documents of the Issuer.
6. A power of attorney from each of the Issuer, the Parent and, to the extent relevant, HoldCo, to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Transaction Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the relevant Transaction Documents on their behalf.
7. Certified copies of all requisite corporate resolutions and approvals of the Rig Manager and ManCo and a power of attorney from ManCo to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Transaction Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the relevant Transaction Documents on their behalf.
8. Certified copies of (i) the certificate of incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing, and (ii) the articles of association o f the Issuer (as amended).
9. Confirmation from each of the Issuer and the Parent that is has not entered into bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, receivership or any other insolvency procedure (or any analogous proceeding in any other jurisdiction) whether voluntary or involuntary.
Page 5 of 6

SCHEDULE 2 AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT
Page 6 of 6

AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT between
BassDrill Alpha Ltd. (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 7.5 per cent BassDrill Alpha Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018
302140632

1/49

Clause

CONTENTS

Page

1. INTERPRETATION............................................................................................. 2 2. THE BONDS................................................................................................. 12 3. LISTING ..................................................................................................... 12 4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY...................................................... 13 5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS .................................................................. 13 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.................................................................................. 13 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.................................................................. 13 8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY................................................................. 16 9. INTEREST................................................................................................... 16 10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION.......................................................... 17 11. PAYMENTS....................................................................................................20 12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS........................................................................ 22 13. COVENANTS..................................................................................................22 14. FEES AND EXPENSES........................................................................................ 31 15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT........................................................................................ 32 16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING................................................................................. 35 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE ........................................................................................ 39 18. MISCELLANEOUS.............................................................................................42

SCHEDULE 1 Compliance Certificate SCHEDULE 2 Release Notice - Escrow Account SCHEDULE 3 Alternate Issuer Conditions Precedent

2/49

This agreement originally entered into on 3 July 2013, as amended and restated from time to time, is made between:

(1)

BassDrill Alpha Ltd. (a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration

number 42038) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2)

Nordic Trustee ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number

963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Accounts" means the Escrow Account, the Earnings Account, the Operating Account and the Reserve Account.

"Accounts Pledge" means a first priority pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over each of the Accounts, other than the Escrow Account.

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Alternate Issuer" means an entity incorporated in Malta or Luxembourg, having assumed all rights and obligations of the Issuer and having the identical activity as the Issuer.

"Amendment and Restatement Agreement" means the amendment agreement to this Bond Agreement dated 11 November 2016 and made between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

"Asset Coverage Ratio" means the Market Value of the Rig relative to the aggregate Face Value of the Outstanding Bonds.

"Assignment of Earnings" means to the extent possible, an assignment of any earnings payable to the Issuer under the Charter in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Issuer shall give notice and use its best endeavours to procure the acknowledgement of such assignment from the Charterer.

"Assignment of Insurances" means an assignment of all relevant insurances related to the Rig and the equipment related thereto, on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

"Assignment of Intercompany Loans" means a first priority assignment of any intercompany loans or receivables between two Group Companies in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) (if any).

"Assignment of Management Agreements" means an assignment of any and all Management Agreements in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders). The assignment to contain direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default, and the Issuer or any other relevant Group Company (as the case may be) shall give notice and obtain consent and acknowledgement from the Rig Manager.

3/49
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Schedules to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day on which the commercial banks in Norway and New York are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Norway and New York.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding that the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2 (Call Option).
"Change of Control Event" means if any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3) save for (i) the Parent or HoldCo, (ii) any holding company owned by the Parent or HoldCo, (iii) any shareholder of the Parent or HoldCo, or (iv) ManCo, becomes the owner directly or indirectly of more than 50% of the outstanding voting shares of the Issuer.
"Charter" means (i) any intra-Group charter contract and/or other contract of employment in respect of the Rig, and (ii) any charter contract and/or other contract of employment in respect of the Rig entered into by the Issuer or a Subsidiary (if any) with a customer outside the Group.
"Charter Assignment" means an assignment of the rights of the Issuer under the Charter in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in respect of which the Issuer shall give notice and use its best endeavours to procure the consent and acknowledgement of such assignment from the Charterer.
"Charter Rate" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.7(f)(ii) (Charters).
"Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents" means (i) a Subsidiary Share Pledge (to the extent not already granted), (ii) a Guarantee from the relevant Subsidiary (such guarantee to also contain relevant covenants to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction) to the extent not already delivered and (iii) the Subsidiary Account Pledge.
"Charterer" means any client under a Charter.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:

4/49
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2 (Defeasance).
"Earnings Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer held with DNB Bank ASA or with any first class international bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee, pledged but not blocked (other than after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) on first priority as security for the Issuer`s obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Effective Date" has the meaning given to it in the Amendment and Restatement Agreement.
"Escrow Account" means an account(s) in the name of the Issuer held with Swedbank Norge, organisation number 880 824 872, or with any first class international bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1 (Event of Default).
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2 (The Bonds).
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2 (Fees and Expenses), (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, and (v) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;

5/49
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"First Option Subscription Price" means the cash subscription amount of USD 53,249,111 to be paid to the Issuer by ManCo within 10 Business Days following any exercise by ManCo of the First Preference Share Option.
"First Preference Share Option" means the option issued by the Issuer to ManCo to subscribe for 70,998,815 Preference Shares for the First Option Subscription Price at any time on or before 31 March 2018.
"Floating Charge" means a first ranking floating charge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over all the assets of the Issuer governed by Bermudian law.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries (if any).
"Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Guarantee" means the unconditional on-demand guarantee on a joint and several basis from the Guarantor(s) securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses.
"Guarantor(s)" means the Parent and any Subsidiary of the Issuer.

6/49
"HoldCo" means BassDrill Alpha Holdings Ltd., an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands (registration number 312860), with its registered address at MCS, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.
"Interest Payment Date" means 5 January, 5 April, 5 July and 5 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated semi-annual financial statements of the Issuer for any semi-annual period ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 5 July 2013.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Managers" means the managers for the Bond Issue, being DNB Markets and Swedbank First Securities.
"Management Agreement(s)" means any management agreement between the Rig Manager and the Issuer or any other Group Company for the technical and commercial management of the Rig, including the agreement dated 27 June 2008 between the Rig Manager and the Issuer (as amended and/or restated from time to time).
"ManCo" means Atlantica BDA Ltd., a company incorporated in Malta (registration number C77818) as a nominee of the Rig Manager, having its registered address at 6th Floor, Tagliaferro Business Center, 14 Gaeity Lane, Malta.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3.
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Rig determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the vessel obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Rig appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer. The valuation shall be made at least semi-annually, or following an Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the financial condition or operations of the Issuer, any Guarantor or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's, or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents and / or the Project Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.

7/49
"Maturity Date" means 5 July 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mortgage" means a first priority mortgage in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Rig including all equipment legally part of the Rig under Panamanian law, including a deed of covenants supplemental to the Mortgage.
"Net Charter Hire" means all earnings received related to the Rig less (a) any amount sufficient to cover tax requirements, (b) budgeted operating expenses, (c) a minimum profit element to accommodate for minority shareholders which have become minority shareholders by local law requirements, and (d) any other amount that must be held within the Subsidiary (if applicable) for tax, operational or other regulatory expenses.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.
"Operating Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer held with DNB Bank ASA or with any first class international bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee, pledged but not blocked (other than after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Original Bond Agreement" means the original bond agreement dated 3 July 2013 and made between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
"Original Shareholders" means the following institutions:
(a) Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd., with registered address at Canon's Court, 22 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM12 Bermuda;
(b) Pareto Worldwide Offshore AS, with registered address Dronning Mauds gate 3, 0250 Oslo, Norway;
(c) MCO 6 B.V., with registered address at Gustav Mahlerlaan 10, 1082PP Amsterdam, The Netherlands
(d) Grover Star Shipping Corporation, with registered address at 80 Broad St. Monrovia, Liberia;
(e) SeaHorse Norway AS, with registered address at c/o Tyveholmen AS, Tjuvholmen Allé 19, 0252 Oslo, Norway; and
(f) Marine Services and Trading Company, with registered address at 16 Street 44, SinEl-Fil, Lebanon.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Parent" means BassDrill Alpha Parent Ltd., an exempted company owned by HoldCo and incorporated in the Cayman Islands (registration number 312861), with its registered address at MCS, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.

8/49
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Permitted Disposal" means:
(a) the transfer of the equity ownership in the Issuer from the Original Shareholders to the Parent, in a contemplated series of transactions whereby 85% of the equity ownership in the Parent is to be held by HoldCo for the benefit of the Bondholders.
(b) a sale to a purchaser that is not in any way directly or indirectly related to any of the shareholders in the Parent, the Bondholders or the Original Shareholders of (i) all the shares in the capital of the Issuer or (ii) all or substantially all the business and/or assets of the Issuer; or
(c) the admission to trading of Parent's or the Issuer's shares on a recognised stock exchange.
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue;
(b) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Super Senior Bonds;
(c) any subordinated loans; and
(d) any Intercompany Loans.
"Preference Shares" means non-voting preference shares in the Issuer with the nominal value of USD 0.75 each issued pursuant to either the First Preference Share Option or the Second Preference Share Option, which entitle the holders thereof to receive dividends and liquidation proceeds in an amount of USD 1.00 per Preference Share ahead of any dividend/ liquidation proceeds paid to holders of the ordinary shares in the Issuer.
"Project Documents" means (i) any Charter, and (ii) the Management Agreement(s).
"Reserve Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer held with DNB Bank ASA or with any first class international bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee, pledged but not blocked (other than after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) on first priority as security for the Issuer`s obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Rig" means the flat bottom tender assist drilling unit "BassDrill Alpha" including all relevant equipment thereto, built in 2010 and registered in Panama with call sign 3F0L2 and MMSI 354088000.

9/49
"Rig Charter Contract Date" means the date on which the Rig is again under a charter contract for offshore services.
"Rig Manager" means Atlantica Management (USA) Inc. (formerly BassDrill Management (US) Inc.) incorporated under the laws of Texas with company identification number 45 0577058 and 100% owned by Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd or any other replacement manager of the Rig under a valid management agreement for the technical and commercial management of the Rig between the Issuer and the respective vessel manager (as approved by the Bond Trustee).
"Rig Transfer Additional Security Documents" means (i) a new Mortgage, (ii) a new Charter Assignment, (iii) a new Assignment of Earnings, (iv) a new Guarantee from the Subsidiary that shall own the Rig (such Guarantee to also contain all relevant rig covenants and other covenants to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction) and (v) any other relevant Security required to give the Bondholders an equal security position to that which they would have if the Rig was owned by the Issuer (including a new Assignment of Insurances if relevant) as determined by the Bond Trustee.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quiet Enjoyment Letter" means a quiet enjoyment letter to be issued by the Bond Trustee, if so required by any third party Charterer under a Charter.
"Schedule" means the schedules to this Bond Agreement.
"Second Option Subscription Price" means the cash subscription amount of USD 56,799,052 to be paid to the Issuer by ManCo within 10 Business Days following any exercise by ManCo of the Second Preference Share Option.
"Second Preference Share Option" means the option issued by the Issuer to ManCo to subscribe for 70,998,815 Preference Shares for the Second Option Subscription Price at any time during the period from and including 1 April 2018 up to and including 30 September 2018.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4 (Appointment of Security Agent).
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2 (Defeasance).
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.

10/49
"Security Interests" means:
(a) the Mortgage;
(b) the Escrow Account Pledge;
(c) the Floating Charge;
(d) the Share Pledge;
(e) the Charter Assignment;
(f) the Assignment of Earnings;
(g) the Assignment of Management Agreements;
(h) the Accounts Pledge;
(i) the Assignment of Insurances;
(j) the Assignment of Intercompany Loans (if any);
(k) the Subsidiary Share Pledge (if any);
(l) the Guarantee (if any);
(m) the Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents (if any); and
(n) the Rig Transfer Additional Security Documents (if any).
"Share Pledge" means a pledge granted by the Parent over all of the shares (100%) issued by the Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), together with inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon a default) from current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Subsidiary Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Subsidiary Earnings Account and the Subsidiary Operating Account (if any).
"Subsidiary Earnings Account" means an account in the name of the relevant Subsidiary of the Issuer held with an account bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee to hold any earnings related to the Rig (if applicable).
"Subsidiary Share Pledge"" means a pledge granted by the Issuer or a Group Company (as the case may be), and any other shareholders (as long as reasonably practical), in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over all of the shares (100%) in each Subsidiary (if any), together with (to the extent legally possible), inter alia, letters of

11/49
resignation (effective upon a default) from current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members.
"Subsidiary Operating Account" means an account in the name of the relevant Subsidiary of the Issuer held with an account bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
"Super Senior Bond Issue" means the unsecured super senior bonds which the Issuer may issue in a maximum aggregate principal amount of USD 10,000,000, plus the principal amount of any Super Senior Bonds issued to fund payment of the management fees to the Rig Manager in accordance with the Management Agreement, comprising of one or more tranches issued on different dates and the first tranche in an amount of up to USD 5,000,000. The key conditions for the Super Senior Bond Issue are substantially in the form set out in the term sheet appended as Schedule 2 to the notice of a written bondholders' resolution that was approved by Bondholders on 24 October 2016 (bonds issued pursuant to the Super Senior Bond Issue being the "Super Senior Bonds"):
"Total Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of the Rig.
"Transfer Date" has the meaning set out in Clause 13.5 (Application of Earnings).
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16.5 (Written Resolution).
1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;
(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;
(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;
(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and
(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

12/49

2.

THE BONDS

2.1 2.1.1
2.1.2

Binding nature of this Bond Agreement
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1 (The Community of Bondholders).
This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds
The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 70,998,815 (U.S. Dollar seventy million nine hundred and ninety eight thousand eight hundred and fifteen).

The Face Value is USD 1. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "7.5 per cent BassDrill Alpha Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 068432.7.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Alternate Issuer
The Issuer may be substituted with the Alternate Issuer provided that the Alternate Issuer provides the Conditions Precedent set out in Schedule 3 (Alternate Issuer Conditions Precedent) to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee.

The Alternate Issuer shall assume all the obligations previously held by the Issuer under the Bond Agreement and the Finance Documents as if it had originally been named as the "Issuer" herein.

In the event the Issuer is replaced by an Alternate Issuer, the original Issuer shall no longer be the Issuer under this Bond Agreement and the relevant Security Documents.

Any reference to the Issuer shall, after the Issuer has been substituted with the Alternate Issuer as set out in this Clause 2.3, mean the Alternate Issuer.

2.4 Purpose and utilization
The net proceeds (net of legal costs, fees of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) of the Bonds were used in accordance with Clause 2.4 of the Original Bond Agreement.

3.

LISTING

3.1 The Bonds are listed on the Nordic ABM.

13/49

3.2 The Issuer shall use its best endeavours to ensure that the Bonds will remain listed on the Nordic ABM until they have been discharged in full.

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and

shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this

Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The

registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

The Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the

Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be

subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for

doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1

Conditions Precedent to Issue Date

6.1.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account was subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents set out in Schedule 3 (Conditions Precedent) Part 1 (Conditions Precedent to the Issue Date) of the Original Bond Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date.

6.2 Conditions Precedent to Disbursement

6.2.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds from the Escrow Account was subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents set out in Schedule 3 (Conditions Precedent) Part 2 (Conditions Precedent to Disbursement) of the Original Bond Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the relevant disbursement date.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status

14/49
It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
(e) No Event of Default
(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and

15/49
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
(i) No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
(k) No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(l) Pari passu ranking
Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1 (Status of the Bonds and Security).
(m) Security
No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

16/49

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank junior

to the Super Senior Bonds and shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the

Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or

other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2

The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by

the Security Interests.

8.3

If required by any third party Charterer under a Charter, the Bond Trustee shall be

authorised and obligated to issue a Quiet Enjoyment Letter in favour of such Charterer (and

its creditors) in such form as the Issuer shall reasonably require in order to be able to

comply with the requirements of the Charter. Such Quiet Enjoyment Letter shall be given

on industry standard terms, and shall include an undertaking that for as long as:

(a) the Charterer is not in breach of obligations under the Charter which breach would permit the termination of the Charter; and

(b) payment of all amounts due and payable under the Charter is duly made pursuant to the terms thereof,

then, the rights and remedies of the Bond Trustee under the Mortgage shall be subordinated and subject to the rights and remedies of the Charterer under the Charter, and the Bond Trustee shall not disturb or interfere with the quiet and peaceful use, possession and enjoyment of the Rig by the Charterer under the Charter; provided, subject to the prior approval of the Charterer, that the Quiet Enjoyment Letter provides for the Bond Trustee (i) to (if applicable) be notified by the Charterer if the rig owner is in default under the Charter and is granted the right to remedy such breach, and (ii) in case of an Event of Default under the Bond Agreement which is not remedied, to have a right to assign the Rig and the Charter to a nominee of the Bond Trustee, being reasonably satisfactory to the Charterer.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

Subject to Clause 9.4 below, the Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds

from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 7.5 per cent. (7.50%) per annum (the

"Fixed Rate").

9.2

Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the

first Interest Payment Date falls on 5 October 2013.

9.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable

Interest Payment Date.

9.4

In the period from, and including, the Effective Date to, and not including, the Rig Charter

Contract Date the Fixed Rate shall be set at zero per cent. (0%), and the Issuer shall not be

obligated to pay any interest on the Bonds (including for the avoidance of doubt, default

interest pursuant to Clause 11.5).

17/49

9.5

The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of

the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in

the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the

number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days

months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the

first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in

which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to

a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of

February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to

a 30-day month)).

9.6

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated

as follows:

Interest Amount

=

Face

Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

10.1 10.1.1

Maturity, instalments and cash sweep Instalments Until the Rig Charter Contract Date no amortisation payments shall be made on the Bonds.

Commencing from the Rig Charter Contract Date the Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in instalments of USD 1,500,000 on each Interest Payment Date. The remaining Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid at the Maturity Date. All instalments shall be carried out at par value (100%).

Payment of instalments must be carried out pro rata in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository.

10.1.2

Cash Sweep
All cash exceeding USD 7.5 million deposited on the Reserve Account in accordance with Clause 13.5 (Application of Earnings) shall be used to repay the Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount). Such redemption shall take place on every Interest Payment Date subject to the credit balance on the Reserve Account, on the tenth banking day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, being in an amount of minimum USD 7.5 million. The cash sweep shall only be carried out if the Asset Coverage Ratio was below 160% on the previous Quarter Date.

10.1.3 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.1 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
10.2 Call Option 10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue (all or nothing) as follows:
(a) with settlement date any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in July 2017 at 103% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount,

18/49

(b) with settlement date any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2017 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in January 2018 at 101.50% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount, and

(c) with settlement date any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in January 2018 to the Maturity Date at 100.50% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.

10.2.2

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 10.3.1

Mandatory Redemption
In the event that (i) the Rig is sold or disposed of, or (ii) there is an expropriation or hijack of the Rig (in either case, to the extent not a Total Loss Event), then a mandatory prepayment event (each a "Mandatory Prepayment Event") will occur and the Issuer shall, on or about the day the relevant Group Company receives the proceeds following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, redeem all the Outstanding Bonds as follows:
(a) if occurring anytime from the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in July 2014, at a price equal to 108.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(b) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2014 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in July 2015, at a price equal to 106.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(c) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2015 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in July 2016, at a price equal to 105.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(d) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in July 2017, at a price equal to 103% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount); and

(e) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2017 to, but not including, the Maturity Date, at a price equal to 101.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

19/49

10.3.2

Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly as soon as the insurance proceeds are available to the relevant Group Company, but no later than ninety (90) days following the Total Loss Event, redeem 100% of the Outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

10.3.3

In addition, a Mandatory Prepayment Event will occur if ManCo exercises either of the First Preference Share Option or the Second Preference Share Option, and the Issuer shall in such circumstances be required to redeem all the Outstanding Bonds (including, if applicable, all accrued interest thereon as of the redemption date) as follows:

(a) if ManCo exercises the First Preference Share Option and subscribes for and pays for the Preference Shares at the First Option Subscription Price, the Issuer must redeem all Outstanding Bonds (including, if applicable, all accrued interest thereon as of the redemption date) at a fixed redemption amount of USD 53,249,111 within 45 Business Days of receipt of the proceeds resulting from ManCo's payment of the First Option Subscription Price, and in any event, not later than 30 April 2018;
(b) if, from (and including) 1 May 2018, ManCo exercises the Second Preference Share Option and subscribes for and pays for the Preference Shares at the Second Option Subscription Price, or ManCo exercises the First Preference Share Option but the Issuer fails to redeem the Outstanding Bonds in accordance with Clause 10.3.3(a) above by 30 April 2018, the Issuer must redeem all Outstanding Bonds (including, if applicable, all accrued interest thereon as of the redemption date) at a fixed redemption amount of USD 56,799,052 within 45 Business Days of receipt of the proceeds resulting from ManCo's payment of the Second Option Subscription price, and in any event, not later than 31 October 2018; and
(c) the fixed redemption amounts referred to in Clauses 10.3.3(a) and (b) above will be payable to Bondholders pro-rata to their existing holdings of Bonds at the relevant time in accordance with the regulations of the Norwegian central securities depository.

10.3.4 The aforesaid redemption prices shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date of the repayment.

10.3.5

If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory Redemption), the amounts on the Accounts and the Subsidiary Earnings Account and Subsidiary Operating Account (if any), or any insurance proceeds may be used as partial payment for the redemption.

10.3.6 Upon the occurrence of several Mandatory Prepayment Events, the Issuer shall only be obliged to pay one redemption amount. The redemption price shall be determined based on the Mandatory Prepayment Event that occurred earliest.

20/49

10.3.7

The Bond Trustee and the Bondholders shall be notified by the Issuer in writing (i) immediately about any Mandatory Prepayment Event or any Total Loss Event and (ii) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the settlement date of any such mandatory redemption according to this mandatory redemption. On the settlement date of a mandatory redemption, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date of such mandatory redemption.

10.3.8 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.3 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.4 Change of control

10.4.1

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.

10.4.2

The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.4.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the two month exercise period of the Put Option.

10.4.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.4.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1

The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1 (Covenant to pay), the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

21/49

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3 (Currency).

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or the Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding the Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3 (Currency), payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1 (Covenant to pay).

11.3 Currency

11.3.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4

Set-off and counterclaims
No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event of late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 (Interest) plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2

The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

22/49

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.6

Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) firstly, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds. The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13. COVENANTS
13.1 General The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13 (Covenants).

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and deliver them to the Bond Trustee in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and deliver them to the Bond Trustee in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than sixty (60) days after the end of the relevant semi-annual period;

23/49

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) when the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(i) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(j) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13 (Covenants), unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3

General Covenants (a) Status

The Issuer shall remain a single purpose company with a sole purpose of owning, operating, maintaining the Rig unless approved by the Bond Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' Meeting.

(b) Pari passu ranking

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1 (Status of Bonds and Security).

(c) Mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities, except for the incorporation of Subsidiaries which shall not require the approval from the Bond Trustee as long as the shares of such Subsidiaries are subject to the Subsidiary Share Pledge and such Subsidiary provides a Guarantee.

24/49
(d) De-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, except for the incorporation of Subsidiaries which shall not require the approval from the Bond Trustee as long as the shares of such Subsidiaries are subject to the Subsidiary Share Pledge and such Subsidiary provides a Guarantee.
(e) Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, other than as set out in this Bond Agreement.
(f) Disposal of business
Except for Permitted Disposals, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations other than as set out in Clause 2.3 (Alternate Issuer) or 13.8 (Charter and Rig Transfer).
(g) Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, enter into any transaction with any related person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
(h) Corporate status
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that any other Group Company shall not, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation or otherwise amend its constitutional documents other than (i) as set out in Clause 2.3 (Alternate Issuer), (ii) as related to the issuance of new shares to the Parent in connection with a conversion of debt to equity or otherwise, provided that such shares are subject to the Share Pledge, or (iii) as related to the issuance of any Preference Shares.
(i) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.
(j) Project Documents
(i) The Issuer shall, and shall procure that any other Group Company shall, perform and observe all of its covenants and agreements contained in any of the Project Documents to which it is or becomes a party, take all necessary action to prevent the termination of any such Project Documents in

25/49
accordance with the terms thereof or otherwise, and take any and all commercially reasonable action as may be reasonably necessary to promptly enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under the Project Documents.
(ii) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, in respect of any Project Document:
(A) dispose of (by operation of law or otherwise), assign or permit to assign any part of its interest, rights or obligations in any Project Document other than as set out in Clause 2.3 (Alternate Issuer) or 13.8 (Charter Transfer and Rig Transfer);
(B) amend, supplement, modify or give any consent under any Project Document or exercise any material option thereunder, except for amendments not having any material negative impact on the value of the Rig or value of the relevant Charter as contemplated pursuant to the Project Documents; or
(C) agree to the cancellation or termination of any Project Document or take any legal or administrative action that seeks to rescind or terminate such Project Documents, except in the event that it constitutes a substitution of the said Project Document which is acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
(k) Subordination
Save for the Super Senior Bonds, the Issuer shall ensure that all loans to the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer from any of the Issuer's direct or indirect shareholders or any other third party not being a member of the Group shall be fully subordinated to the Bonds, with maturity after the Maturity Date and with no cash pay interest and that the parties thereto enters into a turnover agreement.
(l) Ownership
The Issuer shall:
(i) maintain 100% direct ownership of the Rig except as set out in Clause 13.8(b) (Rig Transfer), or otherwise as approved by the Bond Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' Meeting; and
(ii) maintain a 100% ownership interest (save for any minority ownership interest necessary for operations under any legal framework where the Rig is chartered) and control over each Subsidiary (if any).
(m) Security Documents
The Issuer shall, except for "best endeavors" obligations and the feasibility of procuring the creation of the Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents as set forth in Clause 13.8(a) (Charter Transfer), maintain the Security Documents in good condition and that

26/49
each such Security Document remains duly created, enforceable and perfected on first priority, at the expense of the Issuer, or the relevant security provider (as the case may be).
The Issuer shall ensure that any Subsidiary provides a Guarantee and the shares of such Subsidiary are made subject to the Subsidiary Share Pledge.
(n) Dividends
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer), or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders other than if the Asset Cover Ratio immediately subsequent to such transactions is equal to or higher than 167% and remaining Charter backlog (excluding options) is above 12 months. Any such dividend payment or distribution may not exceed 50% of the Issuer's consolidated net profit after taxes based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year. Any un-utilized portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not be carried forward to any subsequent financial year.
For the avoidance of doubt nothing in this Clause 13.3 (n) shall prevent the Issuer from making payments of the fixed management fees to the Rig Manager in accordance with the Management Agreement, either in cash or by issuance of Super Senior Bonds (as the case may be).
(o) Financial Indebtedness and financial support restrictions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary shall:
(i) incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than the Permitted Financial Indebtedness; or
(ii) grant any financial support such as loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any party, except for (A) guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business, (B) any financial support contemplated by this Bond Agreement and (C) any Intercompany Loans.
(p) Negative Pledge and investment restrictions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary shall:
(i) create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for (A) any security contemplated by this Bond Agreement, and (B) any security arising by operation of law;
(ii) enter into any sale- and leaseback transactions; or
(iii) make any investments or capital expenditures, other than solely related to the ownership in and operation of the Rig and for any investments (being part of a program or as separate investment exceeding USD 5 million) in any case

27/49
subject to the Bond Trustee's prior written approval (on behalf of the Bondholders).
13.4 Accounts (a) Maintenance of the Accounts
The Issuer shall ensure that the Escrow Account is maintained with Swedbank Norge, organisation number 880 824 872, and the other Accounts are maintained with DNB Bank ASA or with any first class international bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
Subject to the Bond Trustee's prior written approval, the Issuer may transfer amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer on any Account to another bank replacing the Account Bank for the purpose of facilitating a time deposit, provided that such new account is pledged, and also blocked if relating to amounts credited to the Escrow Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in a form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
(b) Earnings Account
The Issuer shall ensure that all earnings related to the Rig, including the Charter Rate and the Net Charter Hire (as, and if, applicable) and any excess cash in a Subsidiary Earnings Account (if any) shall be paid directly to the Earnings Account, and shall only be used in accordance with Clause 13.5 (Application of Earnings).
(c) Operating Account
The Issuer shall ensure that the budgeted operating expenses and management expenses related to the Rig shall be deposited on the Operating Account in accordance with Clause 13.5 (Application of Earnings).
(d) Reserve Account
Any amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer on the Reserve Account may be utilized by the Issuer, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, including, but not limited to, for the purpose of (i) operating and keeping the Rig in repair, (ii) other working capital matters, (iii) covering any shortfall under the cash waterfall set out in Clause 13.5 (Application of Earnings) and (iv) paying dividends in-line with restrictions set out in this Bond Agreement. The amount on the Reserve Account shall at all times equal a minimum of USD 1,000,000.
(e) Subsidiary accounts
If a Charter is entered into by, or assigned to, a Subsidiary of the Issuer, the Issuer shall procure that such Subsidiary shall open and maintain the Subsidiary Earnings Account and the Subsidiary Operating Account with an internationally recognized bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
The Issuer shall procure that the Subsidiary ensures that all earnings related to the Rig under such Charter are paid directly to the Subsidiary Earnings Account. The Issuer shall procure that the Subsidiary shall, from the Subsidiary Earnings Account, (i) transfer an

28/49

amount equal to its budgeted operating expenses to the Subsidiary Operating Account and pay such expenses out of such account, and (ii) transfer the Charter Rate or Net Charter Hire (as, and if, applicable) into the Earnings Account which funds shall be subject to the cash waterfall set out in Clause 13.5 (Application of Earnings).

13.5 Application of Earnings

13.5.1

The Issuer shall ensure that all gross earnings related to the Rig, including the Charter Rate or the Net Charter Hire (as, and if, applicable) and that any excess cash in a Subsidiary Earnings Account (if any) shall be paid into the Earnings Account, and that the following transfers and payments shall be made from the Earnings Account on a monthly basis as soon as practicable after receipt ("Transfer Date"):

(a) firstly, the Issuer shall transfer to the Operating Account an amount equal to the management and operational expenses for the Rig, as provided under the Management Agreement; being the aggregate of:

(i) the amount equal to the budgeted operating expenses for the Rig, in each case to be paid at least thirty (30) days before the start of the next calendar month in which the budgeted cost commitments are anticipated, plus or minus any shortfall or surplus between the budgeted operating expenses and the actual operating expenses from the previous month;

(ii) the fixed management fee, which is payable to the Rig Manager monthly in advance pursuant to the Management Agreement (as amended from time to time);

(iii) a performance bonus, payable to the Rig Manager in accordance with the provisions of the Management Agreement; and

(iv) such additional funds, if any, as are required to ensure that the Operating Account at any time holds not less than the higher of either (i) 150% of the then budgeted operating expenses; or (ii) USD 400,000,

in each case in accordance with the terms of the Management Agreement; and

(b) secondly, the Issuer shall transfer any excess cash to the Reserve Account.

13.5.2 13.5.3

If for any reason, funds on the Earnings Account are insufficient for the transfers to the Operating Account as set out in 13.5.1 above, such shortfall may be covered using funds on the Reserve Account.
The Issuer shall be entitled to make payments from the Reserve Account to the Operating Account where (i) the funds on the Operating Account fall below the minimum amount of USD 400,000; or (ii) as otherwise required by the Rig Manager for the management of the Rig, in accordance with the terms of the Management Agreement.

13.5.4

At any time after 1 September 2018, if the Rig is not earning hire under a contract for offshore services, and the total cash balance of the Issuer is less than USD 5,000,000, the Issuer shall have the option of making payment of the fixed management fee referred to in 13.5.1 (a)(ii) above through the issue of Super Senior Bonds.

29/49
13.6 Financial Covenant (a) Liquidity
The Issuer shall ensure that the amount standing on the Reserve Account at all times equals a minimum of USD 1,000,000.
(b) Testing
The financial covenant contained in this Clause 13.6 (Financial Covenants) shall be tested on each Quarter Date.
13.7 Rig and Insurance covenants (a) Maintenance
(i) The Issuer shall procure that the Rig Manager keeps the Rig in good, safe and efficient condition and state of repair consistent with prudent ownership and appropriate industry standards.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that the Rig Manager operates the Rig in accordance with good industry standards and in accordance with its obligations under the relevant Management Agreement, and in compliance with the terms of the Security Documents and this Bond Agreement.
(b) Insurance
(i) The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of insurance of the Rig and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, hereunder to retain the Rig in class.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure during the operations of the Rig that the Rig Manager runs proper maintenance of the Rig according to a planned maintenance system.
(iii) The Issuer shall ensure that the Insurances, and any loss payable clause issued in respect of the Insurances or similar provisions therein, shall be in accordance with the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan or other insurance plan with at least equally favourable terms.
(iv) The Issuer shall maintain or ensure that the Rig is adequately insured against such risks, including but not limited to, Hull and Machinery/Hull Interest risks, Protection & Indemnity, Mortgage Interest Insurance and War Risk Insurances, as well as any additional insurances required under any other contracts.
(v) The Issuer shall keep a Mortgagee's Interest Insurance on standard market terms in respect of rigs of this type in the waters it operates.
(vi) The Issuer shall ensure that the insurable value of the Rig shall be for at least the full market value of the Rig as determined by a valuation performed by an independent third party expert and at least equal to or the higher of 120 % of the Outstanding Bonds.

30/49
(vii) The Issuer shall ensure that all the Insurances shall be maintained with reputable insurers of good financial standing.
(c) Title
The Issuer shall hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in the Rig and the Insurances taken out in respect of the Rig, other than as set out in Clause 2.3 (Alternate Issuer) or 13.8 (Charter Transfer and Rig Transfer), and assigned to the Bond Trustee, free of any and all Security except for those expressly permitted under this Bond Agreement.
(d) Class, flag, name, registry
The Issuer shall ensure that the Rig maintains its class, flag and name, and that it remains registered in Panama, unless otherwise approved by the Bond Trustee. Such approval not to be unreasonably withheld; provided, always that such approval will not be required if a change is required and permitted pursuant to the Project Documents and the Security Interests are not impaired.
(e) Operations in accordance with laws etc.
The Issuer shall at all times exercise its rights under the Project Documents to require that the Rig is operated in accordance with any laws, regulations, administrative decisions and/or other public authorities as applicable from time to time and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
(f) Charters
The Issuer shall:
(i) ensure that any Charter it enters into, and procure that any Charter entered into by a Subsidiary (if any), is (A) based on generally accepted international industry standards not incurring any potential liability for the Issuer or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, directly or indirectly, other than what is normal in the industry of such rigs and (B) to the extent possible, subject to a Charter Assignment and Assignment of Earnings;
(ii) enter into a Charter with a Subsidiary (if any), if such Subsidiary enters into a new Charter, and the Charter with a Subsidiary (if any) shall be on market terms and shall provide for a charter rate at least sufficient to cover debt service under the Bonds as well as management and operation expenses in accordance with Clause 13.5 (Application of Earnings) (the "Charter Rate"). If the Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents are not delivered to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 13.8(a) (Charter Transfer), the Issuer shall ensure that the Charter Rate shall equal the Net Charter Hire; and
(iii) not, and procure that any Subsidiary does not, enter into any contracts in North Korean or Iranian territorial waters or any other jurisdictions/organizations which is prohibited by the US Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC), or move the Rig into any of those areas.

31/49
(g) Inspection of the Rig
Upon the request of, and with thirty (30) days prior notice from, the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall allow for a technical adviser appointed by the Bond Trustee to undertake during normal business hours a technical inspection of the Rig, provided that such inspection is without interference to the daily operation of the Rig. Such inspections shall be limited to one per calendar year and shall be at the reasonable expense of the Issuer, provided that on the occurrence of an Event of Default such inspections may be conducted at any time at the Issuer's expense.
13.8 Charter Transfer and Rig Transfer (a) Charter Transfer
The Charter may be entered into by a Subsidiary of the Issuer provided that (i) the relevant Subsidiary delivers the Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee and (ii) any other relevant documentation reasonably required by the Bond Trustee.
The Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents shall only be provided to the extent that such Security is reasonably practical or legally possible to provide for such Subsidiary, in the sole discretion of the Bond Trustee. If the Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents are not delivered to the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall procure that such Subsidiary pays the Net Charter Hire on a monthly basis into the Earnings Account.
(b) Rig Transfer
The Issuer may transfer ownership of the Rig to a directly wholly-owned Subsidiary established in Malta or Luxembourg provided that (i) the Rig Transfer Additional Security Documents, in addition to the Charter Transfer Additional Security Documents and (ii) any other relevant documentation reasonably required by the Bond Trustee, are delivered to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee.
14. FEES AND EXPENSES 14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the
Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange, and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

32/49
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the
following events:
(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach of other obligations
Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement (other than Clause 13.6(a) (Liquidity)) or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Breach of Liquidity financial covenant

33/49
The Issuer does not comply with Clause 13.6(a) (Liquidity) and such breach is not remedied within thirty (30) Business Days of the earlier of (i) the date on which the Issuer sent notice of non-compliance to the Bond Trustee or (ii) the date on which the Issuer became aware of such breach and therefore should have sent such notice. Remedy shall be made by providing the required funds through equity or subordinated loans to the Issuer (on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee) which shall be deposited (for the required period, which in any event shall not expire prior to the next reporting date of the Financial Covenants) on a separate account to be pledged but not blocked to the Bond Trustee and where the account bank has waived its set-off rights.
(d) Cross default
If for any Group Company:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of NOK 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
(e) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(f) Insolvency
(i) A Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.
(ii) The value of the assets of a Group Company is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).
(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of a Group Company.

34/49
(g) Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If for any Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) its dissolution,
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.
(h) Creditors' process
Any Group Company has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.
(i) Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.
(j) Material Adverse Change
Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

35/49

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from the Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clause 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory Redemption).

15.5 On receipt of monies from the enforcement of any Security Document, insurance proceeds or otherwise, as the case may be, such proceeds or monies shall be applied as follows and in the order mentioned:

(a) firstly, the Issuer will indemnify the Bond Trustee in respect of all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred by the Bond Trustee during an Event of Default;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of all sums secured by the Security Documents or otherwise outstanding under the Finance Documents; and

(c) finally, the balance (if any), shall be paid to the Issuer.

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at a Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

36/49

16.1.4

The Bondholders' Meeting may, by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting (or by Written Resolution pursuant to Clause 16.5), instruct the Bond Trustee to (i) appoint and remove directors to and from the board of HoldCo, or (ii) to exercise any other rights conveyed to it under the articles of association of HoldCo or any declaration of trust or other contractual arrangement with respect to HoldCo.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' Meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

37/49

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of the Bondholders and the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

38/49

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

16.5 Written Resolutions

16.5.1

Subject to the provisions in this Bond Agreement, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 16.1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it has been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be constructed accordingly.

16.5.2

The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.

16.5.3

The summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders through the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.

16.5.4 The summons for a Written Resolution shall include:

(a) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and

(b) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date of the summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be at least five (5) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date of the Summons.

39/49

16.5.5 Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the relevant record date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee, will be counted in the Written Resolution.

16.5.6

Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in Clause 16.3.4 or Clause 16.3.5 (Resolution passed at Bondholders' Meeting) or Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also not be passed if the sufficient number of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.

16.5.7 The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.

16.5.8

If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in Clause 16.3 (Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meeting) and Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting).

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4 The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has

40/49

been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clause 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by the Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2 (The Bonds). The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) (Events of Default) or 16.2.1(b) (Procedural Rules for Bondholders' Meetings), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated

41/49

costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change of Bond T rustee

17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16 (Bondholders' Meeting). The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14 (Fees and Expenses), but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent 17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement which are necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

42/49

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 Defeasance

18.2.1

The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening

43/49
period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;
(c) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;
(d) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of each Obligor or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:
(a) the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under all provisions in Clause 13 (Covenants), except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;
(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and
(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

44/49

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

With effect from the Rig Charter Contract Date, the terms of this Bond Agreement in particular with respect to the Maturity Date, interest, cash sweep and covenants shall be amended on terms approved by a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution, provided that the interest rate payable under the amended terms of the Bond Agreement shall not exceed 10.00 %.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

45/49

18.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1

This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

46/49
18.8 Process Agent The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

SCHEDULE 1 Compliance Certificate

47/49

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

BASSDRILL ALPHA LTD. BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2018 - ISIN 001 0684327
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date

of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3.

all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement;

4.

in accordance with Clause 13.6(a), the Liquidity as of [date] is XX; and

5.

the value of the Rig as of [date] is XX, see enclosed statement from XX.

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

BassDrill Alpha Ltd.

Name of authorized person

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

SCHEDULE 2 Release Notice - Escrow Account

48/49
[date]

Dear Sirs,
BASSDRILL a l p h a LTD. b o n d a g r e e m e n t 2013/2018 - ISIN 001 0684327 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
BassDrill Alpha Ltd.

Name of authorized person

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

SCHEDULE 3

49/49

A lternate Issuer Conditions Precedent

1.

A notice to the Bond Trustee detailing how and when the transfer to the Alternate Issuer

will occur.

2.

An accession agreement, in form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, executed by the

Alternate Issuer whereby the Alternate Issuer assumes all obligations of the Issuer under

any Finance Document.

3.

Delivery of equivalent Security Interests as those constituted by the Security Interests

provided by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement and any other Security required, in

the sole discretion of the Bond Trustee, to give the Bondholders an equivalent security

position as prior to the assignment, to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee.

4.

Necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer and the Alternate Issuer to execute the

Security Documents and any other relevant documentation.

5.

All legal opinions and insurance opinions received in form and substance satisfactory to the

Bond Trustee.

6.

Any other documentation required by the Bond Trustee.

