NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www. tr us tee.no Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet p å engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA på telefon +47 22 87 94 00.
To the bondholders in:

ISIN: NO 001 036763.4 -11.625 per cent SeaMetric International AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012

Oslo, 13 November 2009
Proposal to amend Bond Loan Agreement - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. Introduction
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM" or the "Trustee" or the "Loan Trustee") acts as trustee for the holders o f bonds (the "Bondholders") in the loan agreement dated 30 May 2007 with ISIN NO 001 036763.4 described in the loan agreement " 11.625 per cent SeaMetric International AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012" (the "Loan Agreement") where SeaMetric International AS is the issuer (the "Borrower", the "Company" or "SeaMetric"), and whereby the Bondholders have made available a loan in the maximum aggregate amount o f USD 105,000,000 (the "Loan") to the Company to finance parts of the construction costs relating to the construction of two heavy transport vessels/ Twin Marine Lifters (the "HTVs") o f the type MM130 (with yard no 701 and 702) to be constructed and fully equipped currently under construction at CPLEC shipyard (the "Yard").
Capitalised words and expressions used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the same meaning as set out in the Loan Agreement or this summons (including the Company Update in Exhibit 1 hereto) unless the context otherwise requires.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Trustee expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.

2. Background
In addition to this summons letter, the Company has provided a separate document which is intended to give an update on the Company's financial and operational status (the "Background information "), enclosed as Exhibit 1 to this summons. Bondholders are encouraged to read both documents.

3. The Proposal/Waiver Request

On the basis of the information given in the Company Update hereto, the Company hereby request the Bondholders to adopt the following resolution (the "Proposal"):

M A ILIN G AD D RESS ® P .O .B O X 1 4 7 0 V IK A , N -O I16 O SLO

LO CATIO N · H AAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORW AY

phone · +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail ® mail@trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
w w w .tn iM fe .n o
3.1 Postponement o f interestpayment
Subject to the provisions in clause 3.2 below, the Bondholders consent to a three (3) month postponement of the interest payment which otherwise would have fallen due on 25 November 2009 (the "November Interest Amount"). The November Interest Amount shall become due and payable on 25 February 2010. From and including 25 November 2009 to it is duly paid, the November Interest Amount shall bear interest in accordance with the Loan Agreement Clause 11.1. The record date o f the November Interest Amount (including overdue interest thereto) shall be the original record date of the November Interest Amount.
For the avoidance o f doubt, it is only the November Interest Amount that shall bear overdue interest, the principal amount shall bear interest in accordance with Clause 9 of the Loan Agreement.
3.2 Conditions
The agreement o f the Bondholders to the postponement referred to in clause 3.1 above is conditional upon the following:
a) The Borrower offers the Bondholders a postponement fee o f NOK 923,741 in the form o f an unsecured, subordinated loan from the Bondholders to SeaMetric (i.e. payable as payment-in-kind and not payable in cash) (the "Subordinated Loan");
b) The Subordinated Loan will automatically and without undue delay be converted to 923,741 new common shares of the Company. A full conversion will collectively give the Bondholders 10% ownership in the Company;
c) The issue o f 923,741 new SeaMetric shares will be approved by SeaMetric's Board o f Directors in accordance with the authorization to issue new shares approved by the general meeting o f SeaMetric International AS on 18 June 2009. Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is hereby authorized to subscribe for 923,741 new SeaMetric shares on behalf of each of the Bondholders and in proportion to the number of shares made available to each individual Bondholder.
Except as expressly set forth herein, the Loan Agreement continues in full force and effect.
4. Evaluation
4.1 The Company's evaluation of the Proposal
The Company further informs that SeaMetric has discussed the strategy referred above with major Bondholders. The waiver request has already been approved by Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Outstanding Loan.
4.2 The Trustee's evaluation of the Proposal
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
w w w .m istce.no

5. Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

Tuesday 24 November 2009 at 1300 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election o f two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change o f the Loan Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondholders 'meeting approves the Proposal as described in Clause 3 in the summons to this Bondholders 'meeting.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given the power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with decisions made by the Bondholders' meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including make other necessary amendments o f the Bond Loan Agreement and collect necessary legal opinions.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 o f the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof o f ownership of the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).

n # NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
www.trustee.no
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page o f this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
finn Verås
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form Exhibit 1 - Background information

SeaMetric

Exhibit 1

12 November 20D9

To the Bondholders in ISIN NO 001 036763.4 - 11.625 per cent SeaMetric International AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012

Background information to the Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
As previously informed, SeaMetric in September 2009 cancelled the construction contracts for two heavy transport vessels under construction in Panjin, China. SeaMetric also made claims towards ESSCA (the "Builder") and the CPLEC shipyard (the "Subcontractor"). Unless a settlement is arrived at, the dispute will be settled by an arbitration court in London.
The cancellation followed the approval in a Bondholders' meeting on certain waivers in the Loan Agreement. SeaMetric and the Bondholders also agreed to conditions for these waivers. At present, the Outstanding Loan amounts to USD 54 million.
SeaMetric is progressing positively towards establishing a new project for the construction of a complete Twin Marine Lifter (TML) System, consisting of two larger TML vessels plus a number of TML lifting arms. The vessels have an improved design, measure 180 by 42 metres and feature 100 beds, versus 140 by 40 metres with 41 beds for the incomplete units at the CPLEC shipyard. Such TML System will be the world's largest marine heavy lifting system.
SeaMetric is currently undertaking a bid process towards competent and experienced yards in Asia for the construction of vessels and lifting arms. There is interest for this construction project from yards which are considered to be very capable. The bid deadline is in November 2009.
SeaMetric has asked each yard to present its proposal for financing during the construction period and for a long term period after delivery, based on SeaMetric's willingness to make an upfront payment to the yard of a substantial part of the project costs. Different financing scenarios are currently being evaluated.
To be able to make such upfront payment to the chosen yard, SeaMetric will have to issue new equity. The equity case will rest on the combination of the favourable commercial prospects for the TML System, a quality yard giving a credible delivery date, and debt financing commitments in place for the remaining part of the project costs. The equity issue is likely to take place in Q1 2010.
As reported in SeaMetric's Q3 2009 report issued on 15 October 2009, SeaMetric's remaining liquidity is approaching low levels. In view of SeaMetric's liquidity situation and responsibilities also towards other creditors, SeaMetric now seeks to postpone the interest payment due on 25 November 2009.
It is SeaMetric's firm view that the best way to preserve the value of SeaMetric's assets is to ensure a going concern solution, whereby SeaMetric is given sufficient time to be able to complete the positive ongoing processes described above. Such outcome will depend on the cooperation: of SeaMetric's Bondholders. SeaMetric therefore requests the Bondholders to

%mm \v. .y .

SeaMetric

Page 2

accept a postponement for a period of three months of the interest payment due on 25 November 2009. The postponed payment would bear interest in accordance with Clause 11.1 in the Loan Agreement, and would become payable on 25 February 2010.
As compensation for such postponement of the interest payment, SeaMetric offers the Bondholders a postponement fee of NOK 923,741 (corresponding to approximately USD 165,000) in the form of an unsecured, subordinated loan to SeaMetric which will be converted to 923,741 new SeaMetric shares. The conversion will collectively give the Bondholders 10% ownership in SeaMetric,
SeaMetric Undertakes to give the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders monthly updates until the cash interest coupon payments are made.
Please be informed that SeaMetric has discussed the ongoing processes described above with major Bondholders. This interest payment postponement request has already been approved by Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Outstanding Loan.
For further Information on SeaMetric, its markets and recent published financial reports, we refer to the Company's homepage (www.seametric.com).

Yours faithfully, SeaMetric International AS

