ISIN NO 001 062875.3
FIRST AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT dated 23 December 2013 to the BOND AGREEMENT
FRN SONGA OFFSHORE SE SENIOR UNSECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2011/2016 originally dated 16 November 2011 between Songa Offshore SE as Issuer Songa Offshore Drilling Limited Songa Offshore Pte. Ltd. Songa Delta Limited Songa Eclipse Limited Songa Rig AS as Guarantors and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders
#4500849/2

Clause

CONTENTS

Page

1. DEFINITIONS.................................................................. ......... ........... ........ .4 2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.......................................... ........ ...... ........ ........ . 4 3. REPRESENTATIONS.................. .................................. ....................... ........ . 4 4. AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT........................... ............................. ........ ...... 5 5. MISCELLANEOUS ....................... ............ ............... ..... ................ ....... .......... 5 6. GOVERNING L A W ....... ..................... ........................... ......... .-........... ........... . 5

SCHEDULE 1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT SCHEDULE 2 AMENDED and RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT (to be bound in separately)

#4500849/2

2(11)

THIS FIRST AND SECOND AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT is dated 23 December 2013 and made between:

(1)

Songa Offshore SE, a company incorporated under the laws of Cyprus with company

registration number SE9 as issuer (the "Issuer");

(2)

Songa Offshore Drilling Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws

of Cyprus with company registration number HE 219868 as Guarantor;

(3)

Songa Offshore Pte. Ltd., a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of

Singapore with company registration number 200515138R as Guarantor;

(4)

Songa Offshore Delta Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of

Cyprus with company registration number 235523 as Guarantor;

(5)

Songa Eclipse Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Cyprus

with company registration number 283607 as Guarantor;

(6)

Songa Rig AS, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Norway with

company registration number 922 839 449 as Guarantor; and

(7)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, a company incorporated under the laws of Norway with company

registration number 963 342 624 as the bond trustee under the 13% Bonds (as defined

below) and the bond trustee under the 12.25% Bonds (as defined below) (the "Bond

Trustee"),

collectively referred to as the "Parties".

WHEREAS:

(A)

Pursuant to a bond agreement dated 16 November 2011 between the Issuer and the Bond

Trustee, the Issuer issued NOK 1,400,000,000 of Bonds under the FRN Songa Offshore SE

Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue, maturing in 2016 (the "Bond Agreement").

(B)

To meet the financing needs of the Issuer a restructuring of the Issuer's capital structure

has been agreed (the "Restructuring"). As part of the Restructuring (i) the Issuer has placed

and will issue USD 250 million of equity in a private placement and will offer up to USD 25

million of equity in subsequent repair offering, (ii) the terms of the Issuer's bank facilities

will be amended, (iii) the terms of the Issuers bond financing (the "Bond Agreements") will

be amended, (iv) the terms of the Issuer's agreements with Statoil ASA will be amended,

and (v) a new USD 150 million convertible bond have been placed and will be issued by the

Issuer (the "Convertible Bond").

(C)

As partial consideration for agreeing to the amendment of the Bond Agreements, the

bondholders thereunder had a first right of refusal to USD 20 million of the Convertible

Bond.

(D)

As a part of the Restructuring, the Bond Agreement will be amended as set out in this

Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, it is hereby agreed as follows:

#4500849/2

3(11)

1.

DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement, including the preamble hereto (unless the context otherwise requires), all capitalised terms or expressions shall have the meaning ascribed to such term or expression in the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement unless otherwise explicitly defined herein.

"2015 Bond Issue" means the NOK 750,000,000 FRN Songa Offshore SE Senior Unsecured Bond Issue, maturing in 2015

"Agreement" means this first amendment and restatement agreement.

"Amended and Restated Bond Agreement" means the Original Bond Agreement, as amended and restated by this Agreement in the form set out in Schedule 2.

"Bond Restructuring Term Sheet" means the term sheet, inter alia, for the amendment of the Bond Agreement and the bond agreement for the 2015 Bonds, dated 22 November 2013.

"First Effective Date" means the date the Bond Trustee has confirmed in writing to the Bondholders and the Issuer that the conditions pursuant to Clause 2 (Conditions Precedent) have been satisfied, such date to occur by 23 December 2013.

"Original Bond Agreement" means the FRN Songa Offshore SE Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016, originally dated 16 November 2011, as amended from time to time prior to the date of this Agreement and entered into between the Parties.

"Statoil Contracts" means the charter contracts between i.a Statoil Petroleum AS and the Issuer relating to the four Cat D Rigs currently under construction.

2.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

The provisions of Clause 4.1 (Amendment and Restatement) shall become effective on the First Effective Date, provided that the Bond Trustee has received all the documents and other evidence listed in Schedule 1, Part 1 (Conditions Precedent), each in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, unless waived by the Bond Trustee in its discretion. The Bond Trustee shall notify the Issuer promptly upon being so satisfied.

3.

REPRESENTATIONS

Each Obligor makes the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7 (Representations and warranties) of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee and each Bondholder by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a) on the date of this Agreement; and

(b) on the First Effective Date.

#4500849/2

4(11)

4.

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT

4.1 Amendment and restatement With effect from the First Effective Date, the Original Bond Agreement will be amended and restated in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Amended and Restated Bond Agreement).

4.2 Waiver of requirement for Advisor review
From the First Effective Date, the Issuer shall no longer be required to present financial information for review by the advisor in connection with calculation of leverage ratio, as previously agreed pursuant to a proposal to the Bondholders dated 16 May 2013 as later approved by the Bondholders.

4.3 Continuing obligations
The provisions of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents shall, save as amended and restated by this Agreement, continue in full force and effect. Reference to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as reference to the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement following the First Effective Date.

5.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1

Incorporation of terms

The provisions of Clauses 1.2 (Construction) and 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Bond Agreement" are references to this Agreement.

5.2 Additional Finance Document This Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.

5.3 Invalidity
If at any time any provision of this Agreement is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under any law of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the law of any other jurisdiction shall in any way be affected or impaired.

6.

GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.

#4500849/2

5(11)

The Issuer: Songa Offshore SE

SIGNATORIES:

Name: -72324 Title:

The Guarantors: Songa Offshore Drilling Limited

By: _ Name: Title:

'f& nZjg

^ 3 r = : ------------

Songa Offshore Pte. Ltd.
By: Name: Title.

Songa Offshore Delta Limited

Songa Eclipse Limited

By: Name: TS^Lj c Tltle:

it^ ^ o i3 £ ist^
,nfr/r^cg$L

#4500849/2

6(11)

Songa Rig AS By: _
Name: 'T&U a E.etvtX3&££l
Title: H * r A r ^ c £ WA-tV/tS £ fg
The Bond Trustee (in its capacity as bond trustee under the Bonds):

M500849/2

7(11)

SCHEDULE 1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

Part I

1.

In respect of the each Obligor:

(a) Company Certificate or equivalent;

(b) Certificate of Incorporation, Articles of Association, Memorandum or equivalent documents;

(c) resolutions passed at a board meeting (or a shareholders' meeting if required by lawyers of the Bond Trustee in the relevant jurisdiction), evidencing:

(i) the approval of the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement; and

(ii) the authorisation of its appropriate officer or officers or other representatives to execute this Agreement on its behalf;

(d) unless granted directly by the board pursuant to the resolutions referred to in item (c) above powers of attorney to its representative(s) for the execution of the relevant Finance Documents (as required by lawyers of the Bond Trustee in the relevant jurisdiction.

2.

Finance Documents

(a) Original counterparts of this Agreement duly executed on behalf of the Parties;

(b) such other amendments to any Guarantees as will be necessary in order to verify that the Guarantees remain perfected and in full force and effect.

3.

Miscellaneous

(a) Evidence that the Issuer has paid, or will pay on the First Effective Date, all fees payable in accordance with this Agreement;

(b) evidence that all fees payable pursuant to a proposal to the Bondholders dated 16 May 2013 as later approved by the Bondholders, have been paid in full;

(c) no Default or Event of Default will upon the First Effective Date exist under the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement;

(d) evidence that the terms of the Issuer's bank financing have been amended to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee;

(e) evidence that the Statoil Contracts have been amended to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee;

#4500849/2

8 (11)

(f) evidence that the 2015 Bond Issue will be amended, on or about the First Effective Date, as set out in the Bond Restructuring Term Sheet;
(g) evidence that the Issuer has successfully received and registered between USD 250,000,000 and USD 275,000,000 in new equity pursuant the equity issue contemplated under the Restructuring and the Bond Restructuring Term Sheet;
(h) evidence that the Convertible Bond has been successfully issued in accordance with the Bond Restructuring Term Sheet; and
(i) any other documents as reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee.

4.

Legal Opinions:

(a) Cypriot legal opinion in respect of Cyprus law issues in relation to the Finance Documents;
(b) Singaporean legal opinion in respect of Singapore law issues in relation to the Finance Documents; and
(c) any such other favourable legal opinions in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee as the Bond Trustee may require.

#4500849/2

9(11)

a

SCHEDULE 2 AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT
(TO BE BOUND IN SEPARATELY)

#4500849/2

10(11)
Cl

#4500849/2

11 ( 11) O

ISIN NO 001 062875.3
FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT
between
Songa Offshore SE (Issuer)
and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee)
on behalf of
the Bondholders
in the bond issue
8.4 per cent Songa Offshore SE Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/ 2018
(formerly known as the FRN Songa Offshore SE Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/ 2016)
originally dated 16 November 2011, amended and restated 23 December 2013
o_

TABLE OF CONTENTS
CONTENTS
Clause
.1 INTERPRETATION...............................
2. THE BONDS ..... ................................. 3. LISTING........................................... 4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER... 5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS........ 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT...................... 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES........ 8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY .......
.9. INTEREST.......................... ..............
10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
11. PAYMENTS .......................................
,12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS.............
13. COVENANTS............. ............... ........ 14. FEES AND EXPENSES............................ 15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT........................... 16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING...................... 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE............................ 18. MISCELLANEOUS.................
SCHEDULE 1

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
Page
.. 3 .10
,11
.11 ,12 ,12 .13 .16 ,16 ,17 ,18 ,20 ,20 ,26 .26 ,29 ,31 ,33

#4501269/2

2(38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

This agreement, originally dated 11 November 2011 and as amended and restated on the First Effective Date, has been entered into between

(1)

Songa Offshore SE (a company incorporated in Cyprus with Company No.SE9 as issuer (the

"Issuer"), and

(2)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624)

as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.

"Actual Commencement Date" means the date on which the Cat D rigs have commenced operations under their respective contracts.

"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bond Reference Rate" means 6 months NIBOR.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.

"Bond Restructuring Term Sheet" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the First Amendment and Restatement Agreement.

"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.

"Book Equity" means the aggregate amount which would in accordance with IFRS be shown in the Issuer's Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports as the shareholders' equity of the Group on a consolidated basis, with the addition of any convertible bond or shareholder loans of the Issuer which are fully subordinated to the Bonds (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the convertible loan issued by the Issuer on 23 December 2013 with ISIN NO 001 069732.9). For the purpose of calculating the Book Equity the accounting effect of any convertible bonds or shareholder loans subordinated to the Bonds shall be excluded from the Issuer's Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports and the principle amount of such loans shall be included as equity.

#4501269/2

3(38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
"Book Equity Ratio" means Book Equity to Total Assets.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention for Fixed Rate" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day).
"Business Day Convention for Floating Rate" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
"Cat D Rigs" means the four newbuild harsh environment semi-sumbersible rigs currently under construction with Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering Co., Ltd. for Subsidiaries of the Issuer.
"Cat D Test Date" means the date falling 6 months after all Cat D Rigs have reached Actual Commencement Date.
"Change of Control Event" means if and when (i) the shares of the Issuer cease to be listed on Oslo Bors, or (ii) any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act S 1-3)) or group of shareholders acting in concert, other than Frederik Mohn, (a) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Issuer, or (b) have the right to cast at a general meeting of the Issuer more than 50% of the votes that may ordinarily be cast in such general meeting.
"Current Assets" means on any date, the aggregate book value of the consolidated assets of the Group which are treated as current assets in accordance with IFRS less the aggregate book value of any restricted cash (where restricted cash means cash which is pledged but not blocked).
"Current Liabilities" means the aggregate book value of the Group's, on a consolidated basis, liabilities which are treated as current liabilities in accordance with IFRS, excluding the current portion of long term debt, the current portion of amortised loan issuance costs, any yard payments for rigs under construction classified as current liabilities and liabilities to non-controlling interests.
"Current Ratio" shall be calculated as the ratio of Current Assets to Current Liabilities.
"Debtor Group" means the Issuer, the Guarantors, Songa Management Limited (a company incorporated in Cyprus with Company 243376) and any other Subsidiaries of the Issuer being designated as a "Debtor Group" company under any of the Senior Bank Facilities.

#4501269/2

4 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
"EBITDA" means for any Relevant Period, on a consolidated basis for the Group, earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Guarantee(s), (iv) the First Amendment and Restatement Agreement and (v) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;
(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;
(c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease;
(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis);
(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP;
(f) the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account);
(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);
(i) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions; and

#4501269/2

5 (38)

NORSK TILLITSAAANN ASA
(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in( a) through (i) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"First Amendment and Restatement Agreement" means the amendment and restatement agreement dated 23 December 2013 and entered into between the Parties.
"First Effective Date" means the date of the first amendment and restatement of this Bond Agreement as set out in the First Amendment and Restatement Agreement.
"Frederik Mohn" means Frederik Mohn (born 1977) or any entity directly or indirectly controlled (votes and/or capital) by him or his immediate family.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time. In case of any changes being introduced to IFRS after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer and the Trustee shall jointly conduct a review of the impact of such changes for the Issuer (including, without limitations, whether such changes would have any impact on the financial covenants in Clause 13.5), and, if relevant, the parties shall enter into such amendments to the Bond Agreement as may be required to arrive at the same financial covenants in Clause 13.5 as if no such changes to IFRS had been introduced.
"Group" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries.
"Guarantee" means an on-demand guarantee from each of the Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligation according to the Bond Agreement, plus interest and expenses. Such Guarantee(s) shall be a senior obligation of such Guarantors however fully subordinated to the Senior Bank Facilities, meaning that the Guarantee(s) may not be called upon (and no claim being made thereunder) before any and all liability and obligations under the Senior Bank Facilities have been irrevocably repaid in full.
"Guarantors" means:
(i) Songa Offshore Drilling Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Cyprus, with company registration number HE 219868;
(ii) Songa Offshore Pte. Ltd, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Singapore, with company registration number 200515138R;
(iii) Songa Delta Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Cyprus, with company registration number 235523;

#4501269/2

6(38) Ql

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
(iv) Songa Eclipse Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Cyprus, with company registration number 283607;
(v) Songa Rig AS, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Norway, with company registration number 922 839 449;
(vi) Songa Tor Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Cyprus, with company registration number 285867;
(vii) Songa Odin Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Cyprus, with company registration number 285933; and
(viii) any other Subsidiaries of the Issuer becoming guarantors under any of the Senior Bank Facilities
(however always subject to any restrictions and limitations under applicable law).
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means EBITDA to Net Interests Costs.
"Interest Payment Date" means 17 November and 17 May each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 17 November 2011.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA, always provided that when calculating this ratio any take-out financing of any New Rig shall only be taken into account from and including the first Quarter Date after the first full fiscal quarter following the contract startup of such New Rig (for the avoidance of doubt, any pre delivery financing, including refinancing of such, shall always be included). Further, after such Quarter Date and for the following nine (9) months, EBITDA related to such New Rig shall be annualized (meaning that for a New Rig the first full financial quarter since contract startup shall be annualized by multiplying such EBITDA by 4x, while the first two full financial quarters shall be annualized by a multiple of 2x and so forth).
"Liquidity" means, at any given time and on a consolidated basis, the aggregate book value of the Group's freely available cash, readily marketable securities, and other free and unencumbered cash equivalents in accordance with IFRS.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.
"Margin" means 10 percentage points per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Debtor Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's and/or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under
#4501269/2

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
the Finance Document or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement and any Finance Document,
"Maturity Date" means 17 May 2018 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means at the date of calculation, on a consolidated basis for the Group, the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding convertible bond and shareholder loans, to the extent these are fully subordinated to the Bonds (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the convertible loan issued by the Issuer on 23 December 2013 with ISIN NO 001 069732.9) less cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IFRS.
"Net Interest Costs" means for any Relevant Period, on a consolidated basis for the Group, the aggregate consolidated gross interest costs of the Group less the aggregate consolidated gross interest income of the Group. For the avoidance of doubt gains or losses on currency transactions and unrealized gains or losses from interest rate swaps shall not be considered as income or cost.
"New Rigs" means any additional offshore drilling rigs and drillships contracted or delivered (where already contracted or under construction) or acquired (including partly owned units) directly or indirectly by a member of the Group after the Settlement Date, other than the Rigs (including, but not limited to, the Cat D Rigs.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably), at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any of the Guarantors.

#4501269/2

8(38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) months ending on a Quarter Date.
"Rigs" means
(i) Songa Mercur, with IMO number 8755376,
(ii) Songa Venus, with IMO number 8755613,
(iii) Songa Dee, with IMO number 8751095,
(iv) Songa Trym, with IMO number 8752271,
(v) Songa Delta, with IMO number 8756590, and
(vi) Songa Eclipse with IMO number 9604213,
each a "Rig".
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Senior Bank Facilities" means (i) the existing and any future senior 1st and 2nd priority bank facilities (including interest, default interest, costs, expenses and hedging/swap liabilities related to Such facilities) obtained by a Group Company to finance the Rigs and to finance any New Rigs (and any refinancing, amendments or replacements thereof), and (ii) the existing and any future 1st and 2nd priority bank or bond facilities (including interest, default interest, costs, expenses and hedging/swap liabilities related to such facilities) obtained by a Group Company to finance any of the Cat D Rigs.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which the Issuer has a determining influence due to (i) direct or indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or

#4501269/2

/A -
9(38) ^

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.

"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and/or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.

"Total Assets" means the aggregate amount which would in accordance with IFRS be shown in the Issuer's Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports as the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2.

THE BONDS

2.1 Binding nature of the Bond Agreement

#4501269/2

10 (38)

V

NORSK TILUTSMANN ASA

2.1.1

The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute this Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to this Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.2

The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 1,400,000,000 (Norwegian kroner onebillionfourhundredmillion).

The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "8.4 per cent Songa Offshore SE Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2018".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 062875.3.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 2.3.1
3.

Purpose and utilization
The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be employed for general corporate purposes including financing of the initial installment of the 2nd newbuild harsh environment semisubmersible rig to be constructed on Daewoo Shipbuilding 8t Marine Engineering Co., Ltd. pursuant to a building contract dated 6 September 2011. The amount of such initial installment is USD 113 million.
LISTING

3.1

The Issuer shall apply for full stock exchange listing of the Bonds.

3.2

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have

been discharged in full.

3.3

The Issuer's shares shall be listed at Oslo Bars until the Cat D Test Date.

4.

REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIESREGISTER

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bondsshall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities

Register.

#4501269/2

V

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.

4.3

The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities

Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the

agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.

4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and

may be pledged.

5.2

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations

applicable at own cost and expense.

5.3

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction

to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this

Bond Agreement.

6.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond

Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it,

at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;

(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles of Association (or similar) of the Issuer;

(e) the latest Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;

(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian

Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC)

concerning

prospectuses

have

been

fulfilled;

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

#4501269/2

12 (38) Q _ ,

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;

(i) written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);

(j) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(k) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.land copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(l) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;

(m) the Guarantee(s) duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from the Guarantors),

(n) a corporate legal opinion for each Obligor regarding (a) - (d) above.

The conditions set out in Clause 6.1 items (b), (c), (d), (e), and (i) shall apply to all Obligors.

6.2

The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for

documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.

6.3

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written

notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been

controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.4

On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to

Clause 6.3, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the

Issuer.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders)

that:

(a) Status

The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

#4501269/2

13(38) c v

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of the Obligors, enforceable in accordance with their terms (however, subject to limitations and restrictions as set out therein), and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by the Issuer of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.
(e) No Event of Default
No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements
The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities
As of the date of the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any

#4501269/2

14 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.

(j) No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) No misleading information

All documents and information which have been provided by the Issuer to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.

(l) Environmental compliance

The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance in all material respects with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(n) Pari passu ranking

The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.

(o) Encumbrances

No Encumbrance exist over any of the present assets of any Group Company other than as provided for and permitted in Clause 13.4 (g) and as otherwise permitted by this Bond Agreement.

7.2

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall apply for all Obligors and

are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be

repeated on the Issue Date.

7.3

The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer or

any other Obligor confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.

7.4

In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer/actual Obligor shall indemnify the Bond

Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and

during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and

warranties provided by the Issuer/such Obligor herein.

#4501269/2

15 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1

The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with

all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy,

insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of

subordinated debt.

8.2

The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the

Guarantee(s). Such Guarantee(s) shall be a senior obligation of the Guarantors however

fully subordinated to the Senior Bank Facilities, meaning that the Guarantee(s) may not be

called upon (and no claim being made thereunder) before any and all liability and

obligations under the Senior Bank Facilities have been irrevocably repaid in full.

8.3

The Guarantees granted by (i) single purpose companies being direct or indirect owners of

Cat D Rigs, and (ii) any intra Group charterer that charters out any of the Cat D Rigs, will

be released successively upon delivery of the respective Cat D Rigs.

9.

INTEREST

9.1 From the Issue Date to the First Effective Date:

9.1.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

9.1.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falls in May 2012.

9.1.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.1.4

The day count fraction (the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable Floating Rate interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

9.1.5

The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.1.6

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest

=

Face

x

Floating

x

Floating Rate

Amount

Value

Rate

Day Count Fraction

#4501269/2

4#'

^

16 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

9.2 9.2.1

From the First Effective Date and to Maturity Date: The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the First Effective Date at a fixed rate of 8.4 percentage points per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date after the First Effective Date being in June 2014.

9.2.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.2.4

The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable Fixed Rate interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.2.5 The payable cash interest amount per Bond for a relevant interest calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest

ss

Face

X

Fixed

X

Fixed Rate

Amount

Value

Rate

Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at 103.5% of par by the Issuer.
10.2 Call Option 10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem parts of the Bond Issue or the entire Bond Issue as follows ("Call
O p t io n "):
(i) at any time from the Interest Payment Date in November 2014 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in May 2015 at 108 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
(ii) at any time from the Interest Payment Date in May 2015 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in November 2015 at 106 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,

#4501269/2

17 (38)

V

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

(Iii) at any time from the Interest Payment Date in November 2015 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in May 2016 at 104 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and

(iv) at any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in May 2016 to, but not included, Maturity Date at 103.5 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change of Control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 101 % of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen -1 5 - Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the pre-payment request.

10.3.3

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1

The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

#4501269/2

18 (38)

G

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the amount of the Issuer.

11.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-off and counterclaims
11.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event of late payment

11.4.1

In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

#4501269/2

19 (38)

V

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may
at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13. COVENANTS

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants
13.2.1 The Issuer shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements annually and Quarterly Financial Report quarterly and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

#4501269/2

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking

The obligations of any member of the Debtor Group under any Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

(b) Mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no member of the Debtor Group shall, carry out any merger or consolidation or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or such member of the Debtor Group with any other companies or entities not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no member of the Debtor Group shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any such member of the Debtor Group into two or more separate companies or entities not being a member of the Group, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation of business

(i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no member of the Debtor Group shall, cease to carry out its business.

#4501269/2

21 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(iii) Without limiting the generality of any other provision of this Bond Agreement, Songa Delta Ltd. shall remain a single purpose company with the sole purpose of owning the Rig Songa Delta.
(e) Disposal of business
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no member of the Debtor Group shall, be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its or that member of the Debtor Group's assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, unless:
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Issuer shall notify the Trustee of any such transaction, and upon request provide relevant details thereof.
(f) Disposal of Rigs Songa Mercur, Songa Venus and Songa Delta
(i) The Issuer shall exercise its best efforts in order for the Rigs Songa Mercur and Songa Venus to be divested within first quarter of 2014.
(ii) Without limiting the generality of any other provision of this Bond Agreement, the Rig Songa Delta shall not be sold or otherwise transferred from Songa Delta Ltd.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters (a) Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any other member of the Group or any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
(b) Ownership to Debtor Group companies
The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Debtor Group companies, and shall cause each Debtor Group company not to issue or sell any new shares, treasury shares or other ownership interest, to any third party.

#4501269/2

22 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
(c) Subsidiaries' distributions
The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or Encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) pay any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer, make any loans to the Issuer or (iii) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer, except if provided in this Bond Agreement and the Senior Bank Facilities.
(d) Corporate status
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Debtor Group company, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.
(e) Compliance with taws
The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(f) Litigations
The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:
(i) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against any Group Company; and
(ii) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
(g) Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not, and it shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance over any of its present or future respective assets (including, but not limited to, the shares in the Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the encumbrances granted to secure any of the following:
(i) the Senior Bank Facilities;
(ii) any derivative transaction related to the Group's hedging policy;
(iii) obligations incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business for working capital purposes and as part of the daily operations of such Subsidiary;
(iv) any recourse liability incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to any financial institution in respect of bid or performance bonds, guarantees or letters of credit issued by such financial institution as security for the performance of the Rigs or any New Rigs or for any tenders for employment of such units;
(v) any lien arising by operation of law; and

#4501269/2

23 (38)

^

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

(vi) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (i) through (v) above) that in total do not exceed USD 10 million for the Group in aggregate.
(h) Financial indebtedness restriction - general
The Issuer shall procure that no Subsidiary incurs, creates or permits to subsist anyFinancial Indebtedness (including guarantees), other than:
(i) Financial Indebtedness under the Senior Bank Facilities;
(ii) Financial Indebtedness under the Guarantee(s);
(iii) any intra-group loans granted by any member of the Group;
(iv) any derivative transactions related to the Group's hedging policy;
(v) obligations incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business for working capital purposes and as part of the daily operations of such Subsidiary;
(vi) any recourse liability incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to any financial institution in respect of bid or performance bonds, guarantees or letters of credit issued by such financial institution as security for the performance of the Rigs or the New Rigs or for any tenders for employment of such units;
(vii) any Financial Support permitted pursuant to paragraph g) (Financial Support restrictions) below; and
(viii) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (i) through (vii) above) that in total do not exceed USD 10 million for the Group in aggregate.
(i) Financial Indebtedness restriction - Songa Delta
The Issuer shall procure that Songa Delta Ltd.does not incur, creates or permits to subsist any new Financial Indebtedness (including guarantees) not already existing at the date of the Bond Restructuring Term Sheet, save for;
(i) up to USD 75,000,000 of bank debt; and
(ii) any bank debt incurred by refinancing existing Financial Indebtedness.
(j) Financial Support restrictions:
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, grant any loans, give any guarantees or otherwise voluntarily assume any financial liability (whether actual or contingent) ("Financial Support"), to or for the benefit of any third party (not being a member of the Group), other than any Financial Support made, granted or given (i) in the ordinary course of its business and (ii) in relation to what is permitted under i) (Financial indebtedness restriction), (i) - (vi) and (viii), above.
13.5 Financial Covenants and dividend restriction (a) Dividend restrictions

#4501269/2

24 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
(i) Until the Cat D Test Date the issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the issuer), or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders.
(ii) After the Cat D Test Date the Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer), or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders exceeding 50% of Issuer's consolidated net profit after taxes based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year. Any un-utilized portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not be carried forward to any subsequent financial year.
(b) Book Equity Ratio
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Book Equity Ratio of minimum:
(i) 25 % from and including 1 October 2014.
(ii) 27% from and including 1 April 2016.
(Ill) 30% from and including 1 July 2017.
(c) Liquidity
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains minimum Liquidity of USD 50 million.
(d) Current Ratio
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Current Ratio of minimum 1:1.
(e) Interest Coverage Ratio
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Interest Coverage Ratio of minimum
(i) 2:1 from and including 1 January 2015.
(ii) 2.25:1 from and including 1 January 2017.
(f) Leverage Ratio
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Leverage Ratio equal to or lower than:
(i) 4.75:1 from and including 1 January 2015.
(ii) 4.5:1 from and including 1 January 2018..

#4501269/2

25 (38) c

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
All financial covenants under this Clause shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group.
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the financial covenants under this Clause at all times during the relevant periods, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date and certified by the Issuer as stated in Clause 13.2.3.
14. FEES AND EXPENSES
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.2 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.3 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:
(a) Non-payment
Any member of the Debtor Group fail to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 - five - Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach of other obligations

#4501269/2

26 (38)

o

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

Any member of the Debtor Group fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default
Any member of the Debtor Group, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of USD 5 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
(d) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made by the Issuer under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency
if for any member of the Debtor Group:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
(f) Creditors ' process

#4501269/2

27 (36)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
Any member of the Debtor Croup have a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment of liquidator or analogous proceedings
Any member of the Debtor Group are resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Obligor or any Debtor Group company.
(h) Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any member of the Debtor Group to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(i) Litigation
There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any member of the Debtor Group which might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material adverse effect
Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any member of the Debtor Group which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if: (a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause

#4501269/2

28 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
(a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2.

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 Authority of the Bondholders'meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Issuer,

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Voting Bonds,

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten - Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

#4501269/2

29 (38)

<L

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;

#4501269/2

30 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or

(c) change of Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.
16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

#4501269/2

31 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

17.3 Change of Bond Trustee

17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

#4501269/2

32 (38) ^

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

18. MISCELLANEOUS

18.1 The community of Bondholders

18.1.1

By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement,

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders,

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register,

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other,

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement.

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders,

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 Defeasance

18.2.1

The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;

#4501269/2

33 (38)
c,

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment of the pledge;

(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;

(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;
(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;

(d) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

#4501269/2

34 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation of claims

18.3.1

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by telefax, when received.

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

#4501269/2

35 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

18.7.1

This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

This Clause 18.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

Bond Trustee

By: Position:

By: Position:

#4501269/2

36 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
SCHEDULE 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Fax:

+ 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

Dear Sirs,

[date]

Songa Offshore SE BOND AGREEMENT 2011/ 2016 - ISIN 001 0628753

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date

of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3.

[from Q4 2014: in accordance with Clause 13.5 b), the Book Equity Ratio as of [date] is XX]

#4501269/2

4(1
J 37 (38)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

4.

in accordance with Clause 13.5 c), the Liquidity as of [date] is XX

5.

in accordance with Clause 13.5 d), the Current Ratio as of [date] is XX

6.

[from Q4 2014: in accordance with Clause 13.5 e), the Leverage Ratio as of [date] is XX]

7.

[from Q4 2014: in accordance with Clause 13.5 e), the Interest Cover Ratio as of [date] is

XX]

Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Songa Offshore SE

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

#4501269/2

38 (38)

