NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .trustee.no
Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA på telefon +47 22 87 94 00.
To the Bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 034042.5 - FRN DP Producer Callable Bond Issue 2006/2011

Oslo, 3 April 2009

Notice from Bondholders' Meeting
On 3 April 2009 a Bondholders' meeting was held pursuant to summons of 25 March 2009.
There were sufficient Bondholders present at the meeting to form a quorum. The proposed resolution obtained 100 % of the votes, and the proposal was adopted according to the voting requirements of the Bond Agreement. The Bondholders Meeting resolved to:
(A) procure the Funding on terms substantially similar to the terms described in the summons but otherwise to be on such terms as may be approved by the Loan Trustee;
(B) establish a Committee which is given the power to administrate the Funding budget, hereunder to allocate the Funding, keep the records, and if required, the SPV.
(C) establish the SPV for the benefit of the Bondholders as described above and if determined to be necessary by the Committee and the Loan Trustee.
(D) enter into an engagement letter with a rig broker and/or financial advisor provided that their identity and the key terms of their engagement shall be approved by the Committee.
(E) pay the legal fees, costs and expenses (including reimbursement of the Funding to the Participating Bondholders) incurred through the representation of Binghams and Holman Fenwick (on behalf of the Committee) from time to time as a joint first priority (and pro rata to amounts under (F) below) (the "Committee Fees") and in priority to any cash payment made by Loan Trustee (as trustee under the Loan Agreement) to the Bondholders, such that payment of the Committee Fees shall reduce the amount payable in respect of principal and interest to each Bondholder pro rata to each Bondholders' aggregate holding of Bonds immediately prior to the date on which such payment of principal and interest is made by Loan Trustee;

M AILING ADDRESS ® P.O .BO X I4 7O VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LOCATION ® HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax © +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr © no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail @ maii@trustee.no

· N O R SK TILLITSM A N N ASA
(F) pay the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of Loan Trustee (incurred in its capacity as trustee under the Loan Agreement) from time to time (the "Trustee Fees") as a joint first priority (and pro rata to the amounts under (E) above) and in priority to any cash payment made by Loan Trustee (as trustee under the Loan Agreement) to the Bondholders, such that payment of the Trustee Fees shall reduce the amount payable in respect of principal and interest to each Bondholder pro rata to each Bondholders' aggregate holding of Bonds immediately prior to the date on which such payment of principal and interest is made by Loan Trustee to any cash payment made by Loan Trustee.
(G) pay the fees and expenses of any broker and/ or financial advisor appointed as described above as a joint second priority out of amounts received by Loan Trustee from a sale of the Vessel, prior to making any distribution to the Bondholders.
(H) grant Loan Trustee the power of attorney to negotiate, enter into and execute the necessary agreements (including any agreement to give effect to the security granted in connection with the Funding) and to take actions as required with the SPV (if determined) and the Committee and otherwise, in connection with decisions made by the Bondholders' meeting, as well as to carry out the necessary completion work. Loan Trustee is also granted the authority, on behalf of the Bondholders, to agree to any minor adjustment to facilitate the implementation hereof.
Best regards For Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
2

