NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidetpå engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
To the Bondholders in:
ISIN N0001059802.2 - 14 per cent NBT AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013 (the "Bond Issue")
Oslo, 12 March 2014
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as bond trustee for the abovementioned Bond Issue, which is documented in the bond agreement dated 29 December 2010, as later amended, (the "Bond Agreement") where NBT AS is the issuer of the Bonds (the "Issuer").
Capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to such terms in the Bond Agreement.
1 Background
On 24 February 2014, the Bondholders adopted the proposal pursuant to summons of 10 February 2014 (the "Summons"). In Clause 2 (Refinancing Plan) in the Summons, it was explained that the Issuer needs funding for its investment commitments, planned investments, ongoing operations and other obligations. It was further, explained that in order to raise capital for these funding requirements the Issuer had established a syndicate consisting of a number of underwriters that had undertaken to make an offer to acquire warrants which otherwise may lapse following the expiry date of the warrants (24 February 2014), and exercise any warrants so acquired. Unfortunately, by an oversight it was not formally included as a proposal that Clause 10.5 (Mandatory Redemption in the event of exercise of warrants) in the Bond Agreement should be deleted in its entirety.
In the opinion of the Issuer it was clear that the proceeds from the exercise of the warrants should be used to fund investment commitments, planned investments and ongoing operations of the Issuer and not to redeem any bonds. Hence the bondholders' de-facto accepted a deviation from Clause 10.5 in the Bond Agreement. The Issuer has been informed by the Bond Trustee that certain bondholders, was of the opinion that Clause 10.5 was still in effect. For the sake of good order and avoidance of any doubt, the Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee with a request to summon a Bondholders' meeting with a proposal to the Bondholders to formally delete Clause 10.5 in the Bond Agreement. Proposal
Against the above background, the Issuer requests the Bondholders' Meeting to approve the following proposal (the "Proposal"):
Mandatory redemption: The Issuer proposes that Clause 10.5 (Mandatory Redemption in the event of exercise of warrants) be deleted in its entirety, and that the Issuer is no longer required to use

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9 410 | w w w .tm stee.no

1 (3 )

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

the net proceeds from the exercise of any warrants pursuant to the Warrant Agreement to redeem Bonds.

2 Preapprovals
Prior to this summons being distributed to the Bondholders, the Issuer has received binding commitments from more than 2/3 of the Bonds in the Bond Issue, who will vote in favour of the Proposal.

3 Non-reliance
Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable.

The information in this summons regarding the Issuer is provided by the Issuer. The Bond Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever arising from such information provided by the Issuer. Any questions related to this summons may be directed to the Issuer's CFO Ketil Sundal, +47 959 22 104, sundal@nbtas.no.

4 Summons to Bondholders' Meetings
Bondholders are hereby summoned to a bondholders' meeting:

Time: 26 March 2014 at 12:00 (noon) CET

Place: The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon Vlls gate 1, 0161 Oslo, Norway

Agenda:

1.

Approval of the summons

2.

Approval of the agenda

3.

Election of two persons two co-sign the minutes together with the chairman

4.

Voting over the Proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:

The Proposal (as defined in the summons to this Bondholders' Meeting) is approved by the Bondholders' Meeting.

To approve the resolution, Bondholders representing 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to form a quorum, at least half (112) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the Bondholders' Meeting.
Please find attached a Bondholder's form from the Securities Register (VPS), indicating your holding of Bonds at the printing date. The form will serve as proof of ownership of Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. If the Bonds are held by a custodian, i.e. that the owner is not

2 (3)

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
registered directly in the VPS, the custodian must confirm: (i) the owner of the Bonds; (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds; and (iii) the account number in VPS in which the Bonds are registered.
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this summons for further details).
If the Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's form was completed, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or email (as set out on the first page of this summons) within 16:00 hours (4 p.m.) CET on the Business Day before the date of the Bondholders' Meeting.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Enclosed:

Bondholder's form

3 (3)

