NORDIC TRUSTEE
{Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kuri utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Nordic Trustee ASApå telefon +47 22 87 94 00.)
To the bondholders in:
FRN Hurtigruten ASA Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2012/2017 with ISIN NO 001 063813.3
Oslo, 11 November, 2014 SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS MEETING - PROPOSED APPROVAL IN RESPECT OF CERTAIN AMENDMENTS TO THE BOND AGREEMENT Nordic Trustee ASA (formerly named Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) is appointed bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee") for the bond issue with ISIN NO 001 063813.3 (the "Bonds") where Hurtigruten ASA (the "Issuer") is the issuer. All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement (the "Bond Agreement") entered into on 16 March, 2012 between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, unless otherwise stated in this summons. The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information. The Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders Meeting to consider a request for consent as set out herein. 1. BACKGROUND On 29 October 2014, Silk Bidco AS published a press release relating to its intention to launch a voluntary tender offer (the "Offer") to acquire the shares in the Issuer on the terms and conditions set out in the press release and to be specified in greater detail in the offer documents associated with the Offer. The press release is available from Newsweb at: http://www.newsweb.no/newsweb/search.do?messageId=363727 2. THE PROPOSAL
The Issuer proposes a resolution be passed by the Bondholders, whereby the Bond Agreement is amended as set out in paragraph (a) below subject to satisfaction of the condition set out in paragraph (b) below (paragraphs (a) to (c) (inclusive), the "Proposal"): (a) An optional redemption feature shall be included by insertion in the Bond Agreement of
the following new Clause 10.3 {Issuer's Call Option):

2

10.3 Issuer's Call Option

The Issuer may acquire part or all of the Bonds ("Call Option") at any time on giving not less than 10 Business Days prior notice in writing to the Bond Trustee; provided that any such notice must be delivered not later than 35 days after the settlement of the Offer. Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Norwegian Securities Depository). The purchase price payable by the Issuer upon exercise of the Call Option shall be an amount equal to 108% of par value, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of acquisition.

(b) The amendment to the Bond Agreement referred to in paragraph (a) above shall be conditional upon, and shall take effect from, the settlement of the Offer.

(c) The Bond Trustee is given a power of attorney to implement the above amendments (including any other amendments needed as a consequence of the proposed amendments), and to negotiate and complete relevant documentation, making any changes to, inter alia, the Bond Agreement (by an amendment agreement), that it deems necessary to implement the above or beneficial to Bondholders.

3.

CONTACTS

Bondholders with questions relating to the Proposal are invited to contact:

Carnegie AS: Stefan Schander Slemdal, tel: +47 22 00 94 26, email: sts@carnegie.no

4.

NON-RELIANCE

The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee and nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal, financial and tax advisers regarding the effect o f the Proposal.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time: Place:

25 November 2014 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VHs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7th floor

Agenda:

1.

Approval o f the summons.

2.

Approval o f the agenda.

3. Election o f two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman.

4.

Consider the Proposal

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:

091776-0031-08598-Active.16596230.511/10/2014 4:01 PM

3
The Bondholders Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 2 in the summons to this Bondholders' Meeting.
The above mentioned resolutions will, according to the Bond Agreement, require a 2/3 majority of the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting voting in favour.
- 000Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.) The individual bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee ASA to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place. Kind regards Nordic Trustee ASA
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
091776-0031-08598-Active. 16596230.511/10/2014 4:01 PM

