NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .rm stee.iio
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001035264.4 - FRN PetroRig III Pte Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2014

Oslo, 22 May 2009
Proposal to Authorise Funding for Rig Subsidiaries - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. BACKGROUND
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM"/"Norsk Tillitsmann") acts as trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") of bonds (the "FRN Bonds") in the above mentioned loan with ISIN NO 001035264.4 (the "FRN Bond Loan") where PetroRig III Pte Ltd is the borrower (the "Borrower").
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the loan agreement related to the FRN Bond Loan (the "FRN Bond Loan Agreement") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
NTM has convened this meeting on the basis that a significant majority of the FRN Bondholders have agreed to support and vote in favour of the matters referred to herein.
As Bondholders will be aware, on 3 April 2009 NTM declared various Events of Default (the "Declarations") under the FRN Bond Loan Agreement and the bond loan agreement relating to the 9.75% bonds and the 10.85% bonds issued by PetroMena ASA (respectively the "9.75% Bonds" and the "10.85% Bonds"), and declared each of the FRN Bonds, the 10.85% Bonds and the 9.75% Bonds (together the "Bond Issues") to be immediately due and payable. Since that time, NTM (as loan trustee: for the 10.85% Bonds) has appointed independent directors to the boards of PetroRig I Pte Ltd, PetroRig II Pte Ltd ("PI" and "PH" respectively) and the Borrower (together with PI and PII, the "Rig Subsidiaries") with a view to ensuring that the interests of the creditors of the Rig Subsidiaries are fully protected. Various legal actions have been pursued by Petromena ASA and the Borrower against NTM in Norway and Singapore, effectively challenging the declarations of the NTM. Also, Bondholders will be aware that Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings have now been initiated by the Rig Subsidiaries in the United States.
Under Clause 15.3 of the FRN Bond Loan Agreement, NTM is obliged on behalf of the Bondholders to take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. NTM is also obliged to take every measure necessary to recover amounts due under the 9.75% bonds and the 10.85% bonds.

M AILIN G ADDRESS ® P.O .B O X I4 7O VIKA, N -O I16 OSLO

LOCATION ® HAAKON V II GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 , org.nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail ® mail@trustee.no

'· NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
2. OTHER AMOUNTS
Subsequent to the Declarations, NTM has sought to enforce certain security interests held by it in respect of the Bond Issues. In particular, due to the nature of the security interests granted in connection with the FRN Bonds, and in particular the assignments over the construction contract for the rig under construction by the Borrower (the "Rig"), certain rights under that contract have vested in NTM. NTM has already exercised certain of these rights, including appointing Seadrill Limited as its authorised representative at the Jurong shipyard under the contract for the Rig.
NTM has incurred and may incur further expenses in exercising certain of these and other rights in the interests of Bondholders. Further, it may be necessary for NTM to generally incur costs and expenses in relation to taking steps to maximise recoveries for Bondholders, even separately from specific rights it has under the FRN Bond Loan Agreement and the security granted in relation to it.
Subsequent to the Declarations, NTM is required by the FRN Bond Loan Agreement to take every measure to recover the FRN Bond Loan. Although this provides NTM with a wide discretion and authority, in the circumstances NTM has decided to request Bondholders to separately authorise and ratify NTM to incur costs and expenses in taking measures (in consultation with its legal and financial advisers, Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP, ("Bingham") BAHR and AMA Capital Partners ("AMA")) to recover the Remaining Loan, and to pay these costs and expenses out of amounts it receives for distribution to Bondholders, and ahead of any fees payable to AMA, and ahead of payments of principal, interest and premium on the FRN Bonds.
3. LOANS TO RIG SUBSIDIARIES
It is understood that the purpose of the Chapter 11 proceedings for the Rig Subsidiaries is intended to provide a stable and orderly process for the reorganisation of the Rig Subsidiaries and/or the realisation of their assets in a manner that will maximise value for creditors. The Chapter 11 cases are being run on a consolidated basis. This ought to lead to administrative cost efficiencies, including for the Borrower. NTM's advisers have also been informed by certain purchasers of the assets of the Rig Subsidiaries that they are attracted by the possibility of purchasing more than 1 of the rigs that have been or are under construction on behalf of the Rig Subsidiaries at the Jurong shipyard in Singapore (the "Rigs"), and that there are cost efficiencies for purchasers in buying more than one Rig which could maximise the amount that a purchaser is willing to pay for each individual Rig. On this basis, a consolidated and orderly sales process with respect to the assets of each of the Rig Subsidiaries would appear be beneficial to the Bondholders.
PI, PII and the Borrower (the "Rig Subsidiaries") do not currently have access to funds, and they have requested that NTM make available funds derived from the FRN Bond Escrow Account as a super priority DIP loan in the Chapter 11 proceedings of the Rig Subsidiaries. It is expected that this DIP loan could accrue interest at up 15% per annum with up to a 10% redemption premium. The Rig under construction by PI ("Rig 1") is currently undergoing a sale process operated by Jurong. Petromena ASA has previously announced that it has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding for the sale of Rig 1 for US$450 million, and NTM is also aware of other bids having been made for Rig 1 which (after taking into account payment to Jurong) lead NTM to believe that sufficient value would be realised at PI and for the holders of the 9.75% Bonds to repay such a DIP loan in full.
2

® NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
Based on the feedback and support received from a substantial majority of the Bondholders, it is proposed that the NTM be authorised and instructed to use proceeds derived from the Escrow Account to make a loan to the Rig Subsidiaries with the intent of or for the purpose of the Rig Subsidiaries seeking to maximise the recovery of amounts due under the Bond Issues ("Recovery Loans"), which may include making available funding for the administrative functions (including directors' and professional expenses) of the relevant Rig Subsidiaries.
Any Recovery Loans would be made on such commercially reasonable terms as NTM sees fit and provided always that (a) NTM has previously consulted with AMA and Bingham regarding the making and the terms of each Recovery Loan and (b) where made to PI and/or PII, the Recovery Loan is on terms that it would be made on a super priority basis or in any event on terms that it will be repaid in priority to amounts to be paid to the holders of the 9.75% Bonds. A significant majority of the 9.75% Bonds have agreed to vote in favour of a resolution authorising NTM to give effect to these terms at a meeting of the holders of the 9.75% Bonds.
SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS
Bondholders' meetings in the FRN Bond Loan are summoned:
Time: 2 June 2009 at 2 pm (Oslo time) (1 pm London time) Place: the premises of NTM, Haakon VIPs gate 1, Oslo (Norway)
Agenda:
Pursuant to the FRN Bond Loan Agreement, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from NTM.
1. Approval of summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Consent to certain proposals:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting in relation to the FRN Bond Loan referred to in the heading to this meeting summons to resolve the following resolutions:
Norsk Tillitsmann is authorised and instructed to:
(a) pay the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of NTM incurred in connection with seeking to (i) protect and maximise the value of (including the management of) the assets secured with respect to the FRN Bond Loan, and (ii) recover the FRN Bond Loan, in each case as a joint first priority (with amounts described under (b) below) out of amounts received by it in connection with the FRN Bonds (including amounts derived from the Escrow Accounts) and before it makes any payments with respect to the FRN Bonds to Bondholders; and
3

i* NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
(b) use proceeds derived from the Escrow Account to make any Recovery Loans on such commercially reasonable terms as NTM sees fits, but provided always that (a) NTM has previously consulted with AMA and Bingham regarding the making and the terms of each Recovery Loan and (b) where made to PI and/or PII, the Recovery Loan is made on a super priority basis or in any event on terms that it shall be repaid in priority to amounts due under the 9.75% Bonds.
According to the FRN Bond Loan Agreement, the above mentioned proposals require a qualified majority of 2/3 of the FRN Bond Loan represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favour of such proposals and a minimum 2/10 of the outstanding bonds being represented at the meeting for the FRN Bond Loan. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the present date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the FRN Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the FRN Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the FRN Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the FRN Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the FRN Bonds are registered).
The individual Bondholder may authorise NTM to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising NTM to vote, must then be returned to NTM in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that the FRN Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the NTM accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the FRN Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to NTM, to notify NTM by telephone or by e-mail (as set out at the first page of this letter) by 17.00 hours Oslo time (16.00 hours London time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely
Norsk Tillitsmann AS
Ola Nygård
Enclosure: - VPS statement/Power of attorney form.
4

