NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

To the bondholders in:

ISIN: NO 001 0345374 - FRN B+H Ocean Carriers Ltd Open Bond Issue 2006/2012

Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Standstill Agreement

Oslo, 22 May 2012

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA acts as Loan Trustee for the abovementioned bond loan - documented in a loan agreement dated 6 December 2006 (as amended, amended and restated and supplemented from time to time, the "Loan Agreement") between B+H Ocean Carriers Ltd as Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders.
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Loan Agreement.
The information in this summons regarding the Borrower and market conditions are provided by the Borrower, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

1.

Background

Reference is made to the Bondholder's, meeting of 14 February 2012 regarding entering into a standstill agreement.
The Borrower and its shipowning subsidiaries are currently in the process of assessing and exploring several financing alternatives with both traditional and non-traditional funding sources for ship finance, with a view of putting together a viable and harmonised global solution for the capital structure of the Group.
To be successful In the abovementioned efforts, the Group needs time to further assess and explore the various alternatives - and the Group needs to use its resources towards getting the best possible solution for its creditors and stakeholders without having this disturbed by the recurring threat of instability resulting from possible events of default that might be triggered by the process itself or for other reasons.
To facilitate this, the senior creditors of the group as well as the Bondholders have entered into certain standstill and waiver arrangements with members of the Group - all of which will expire on 31 May 2012. The Group will, however, need more time to put together a global solution for the capital structure of the Group - and the Group will therefore seek to extend the standstill and waiver arrangements to last until 31 October 2012 (which is dealt with In item 2.1 below). Furthermore, certain senior creditors might require that accrued interest on Loan is capitalized/deferred during the extended standstill and waiver period (which is dealt with in item 2.2 below).

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo I Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax:+47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
2/5

The Borrower also notes that the standstill and waiver arrangements with the secured creditors will include the sale of certain secured assets and the prepayment of secured debt with the proceeds thereof.
As a condition for entering into the standstill arrangements, certain secured financial creditors have required that the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) becomes party to standstill arrangements in relation to the Loan Agreement and the Bonds. On this basis, the Borrower has requested the Loan Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting for the purpose of authorising the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) to enter into such (extended) standstill arrangements, as further set out in clause 2 (Proposal) below.

2.

Proposal

Based on the above, the Borrower hereby proposes that the Bondholders adopt the following resolutions (the "Resolutions"):

2.1 Resolutions in respect of standstill and waiver arrangements

"The Bondholders resolve asfollows:

(a)

the Loan Trustee (acting on behalf o f the Bondholders) is hereby authorised (and shall use

such authorisations) to negotiate, agree, enter into, sign, execute and deliver, in such final

form and substance and in such manner as the Loan Trustee shall in its sole discretion deem

appropriate, any Standstill Agreement until 31 October 2012 (or any shorter period) and

any agreement, deed, power o f attorney, certificate, undertaking, confirmation, notice,

acknowledgement or other documents related to such Standstill Agreement and the

transactions contemplated thereunder (including any coordination agreements or similar

agreements coordinating and/or regulating (including by way o f common terms) the

relationship between two or more standstill agreements or other agreement and documents)

(collectively, the "Standstill Documents") which, in the sole opinion o f the Loan Trustee, is

required in connection with the entering into, execution and deliverance o f the Standstill

Agreement;

(b)

the Loan Trustee is authorised to take any other action necessary or desirable (in the sole

opinion o f the Loan Trustee) in connection with the entering into, execution and deliverance

o f the Standstill Documents; and

(c)

for the purpose o f the above resolutions:

(i)

"Standstill Agreement" means one or several agreements between the Loan

Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), the Borrower and/or any other member of

the Group and/or any secured creditor o f any member o f the Group and/or any

other personfor the purpose o f agreeing on Standstill Arrangements regarding the

Loan Agreement, the Bonds and/or any secured indebtedness of any member o f the

Group and/or any other indebtedness o f any member o f the Group and/or any

other assets, rights, interests, obligations and liabilities o f any member o f the

Group or any other person; and

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
3/5

(Hi) "Standstill Arrangements" means any form o f standstill arrangement, including, but not limited to, standstill arrangements whereby the rights o f a creditor and/or any other person to:

(A)

directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any

manner, demand, sue for, take, seek to collect, accelerate or receive

payments (other than scheduled interest payments), in whole or in part;

and

(B)

consent to, institute, commence, join or maintain any suit, action,

proceeding, whether judicial or otherwise, against any person or asset,

including, but not limited to, actions or proceedings under the U.S.

Bankruptcy Code or any other insolvency law or regulation or any

proceedings for liquidation, dissolution or winding up o f any business,

or the appointment of any trustee, receiver or liquidator for any person

or any part o f any person's properties, or any assignmentfor the benefit

o f creditors, or any marshalling o f assets o f any person,

are being suspended, amended, restricted or waived in any way (in whole or part); and

(d) the powers and authorisations granted above shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law."

2.2

Resolutions in respect of capitalization/deferral of interest

"The Bondholders resolve asfollows:

(a) the Loan Trustee (acting on behalf o f the Bondholders) is hereby authorised (and shall use such authorisations) to negotiate, agree, enter into, sign, execute and deliver, in such final form and substance and in such manner as the Loan Trustee shall in its sole discretion deem appropriate, one or several amendment agreements to the Loan Agreements whereby (i) the terms of the Loan Agreement are amended so that the interest payments due on 12 June 2012 and 12 September 2012 will not be payable in cash, but shall be paid in kind by issuing additional Bonds, and added to the principal amount o f the Loan (such additional principal to accrue interest at a rate equal to the rate calculated in accordance with Clause 9.1 o f the Loan Agreement) and (ii) other terms o f the Loan Agreement are amended to the extent required (in the opinion of the Loan Trustee) to give full effect to the amendments contemplated in (i) (including, but not limited to, splitting the Bonds into bonds with a denomination o f one (1) US dollar);
(b) the amendment agreement(s) referred to in (a) above shall contain terms whereby it shall be a condition precedent for the coming into effect o f the amendments that the Loan Trustee shall have received a notice from the Borrower stating that one or several existing or future (including any prospective or potential creditor) senior and/or secured creditors o f any member o f the Group (including any creditor which, by contract or otherwise, benefits from or will benefit from any preferred claim against any member o f the Group or security over any asset of any member o f the Group) has requested the amendments described in (a) (i) above to come into effect;

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

(c)

the Loan Trustee is authorised to take any other action necessary or desirable (in the sole

opinion o f the Loan Trustee) in connection with the entering into, execution and deliverance

o f the amendment agreements mentioned above and to give full effect to the transactions

contemplated thereby;

(c) the powers and authorisations granted above shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law."

3.

Summons to Bondholders' meeting

The Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

Thursday 31 May 2012 at 10:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - S,b floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondholders hereby adopt the Resolutions and the Resolutions shall have effectfrom the date this resolution is made.
***

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposals are acceptable.
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, If the Resolutions are not adopted, the proposal will be dismissed.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
5/5

The individual bondholder may authorise the Loan Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Loan Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Loan Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Loan Trustee, to notify the Loan Trustee by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.

Yours sincerely, for an on behalf of

`'

"'rustee)

Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

