ISIN: NO 001 0708506
Amendment Agreement no. 1 to
the bond agreement between
Veritas Petroleum Services B.V. ("Issuer") and
Nordic Trustee ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 7.00 per cent Veritas Petroleum Services B.V. Senior Secured
Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019

This amendment agreement no. 1 (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated on 1^ January 2017 and made between Veritas Petroleum Services B.V. (the "Issuer") and Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee").
1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement
This Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the bond agreement dated 1 April 2014 in respect of the "7.00 per cent Veritas Petroleum Services B.V. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019" - ISIN 0010708506'(the "Bond Agreement").
2. Amendment to the Bond Agreement
The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
2.1 Definition of "Exceptional Items"
The definition of "Exceptional Items" shall be deleted and replaced by the following:
"Exceptional Items" means:
(i) fo r any Relevant Period to and including the Relevant Period ending 30 June 2018, any one-off, non-recurring, extraordinary or exceptional item; and
(ii) fo r any Relevant Periodfollowing the Relevant Period ending 30 June 2018, any one-off, non-recurring, extraordinary or exceptional item which, except fo r the Known Exceptional Items, in no event shall exceed 10% o f EBITDA (not including such item)fo r the Relevant Period.
2.2 Definition of "EBITDA"
The definition of "EBITDA" shall be deleted and replaced by the following:
"EBITDA " means, on a consolidated basis fo r the Group, earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, foreign exchange gains or losses, gains or losses on sale o f equipment, and impairment o f accounts, receivables or fixed assets and:
(i) including EBITDA o f a member o f the Group for the Relevant Period (or attributable to a business or assets acquired during the Relevant Period) prior to its becoming a member o f the Group or as the case may be prior to the acquisition o f the business or assets;
(ii) fo r any Relevant Period to and including the Relevant Period ending 30 June 2018 only, including any projected cost savings associated with a business or assets acquired during the Relevant Period, such projected cost savings and adjustment not to exceed in aggregate ten (10) per cent o f EBITDA fo r such acquired businessfo r that Relevant Period and to be confirmed in writing by the CFO or CEO o f the Issuer;
2

(in) excluding EBITDA attributable to any member o f the Group (or to any business or assets) disposed o f during the Relevant Period; and
(iv) excluding any Exceptional Items.
2.3 Financial Indebtedness restriction
Clause 13.4 (Special Covenants) litra c item (i) shall be deleted and replaced by the following:
(i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness, exceptfo r (i) Intra-Group Loans, (ii) Financial Indebtedness between any member o f the Group arising under set-off and/or netting arrangements in the Group's day-to-day banking arrangements, including any group account system o f the Group, (iii) Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue (plus interest, premium and expenses), (iv) Shareholder Loans and (v) Financial Indebtedness arising in the ordinary course o f business. For the avoidance o f doubt, the restriction set out in this Clause 13.4 (Special Covenants) litra c item (i) shall not apply to earn out mechanisms implying deferred settlement o f part o f the purchase price based on the performance o f the business following the acquisition, provided however that the Issuer shall not pay any such earn out i f an Event o f Default is continuing or would occur as a result o fsuch payment.
3. Compensation to the Bondholders
As compensation to the Bondholders for the amendments contemplated by this Amendment Agreement, the Issuer shall pay a consent fee pro rata to all Bondholders, in an amount equal to 0.50 % flat of the face value of the respective Bondholders' holding of Bonds. The record date for the payment o f such consent fee shall be end-of-business on 10 January 2017 with settlement date (payment date) on 24January 2017.
4. Confirmation of the Bond Agreement
All other provisions of the Bond Agreement remain in full force.
5. Governing Law
This Amendment Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law, and any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Amendment Agreement shall be resolved pursuant to clause 18.7 of the Bond Agreement.
6. Commencement
The amendments to the Bond Agreement contemplated by this Amendment Agreement will commence immediately.
3

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

Veritas Petroleum Services B.V.

Nordic Trustee ASA

....... Bond Trustee

Issuer

4

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

Veritas Petroleum Services B.V.

Nordic Trustee ASA

Issuer Issuer

Bond Trustee
Vivian Trøsch
Attorney-at-Lsw

4

