Bond Agreement

Entered into: between the Issuer: Company No. and the Bond Trustee: Company No. on behalf o f the Bondholders in: with ISIN:

24 May 2016 Tryg Forsikring A/S 24260666 Nordic Trustee ASA 963 342 624 FRN Tryg Forsikring A/S Subordinated Callable Bond Issue 2016/2046 NOOO10765704

The Issuer undertakes to issue the Bonds in accordance with the terms set forth in this Bond Agreement.
1 Terms of the Issue
The terms of the Issue are as follows, supplemented by the definitions and clarifications set forth in Section 2:

Maximum Amount: Initial Amount: Face Value: Currency: Issue Date: Maturity Date: Redemption Price: Call:
Put: Interest Accrual Date: Interest Rate: Reference Rate: Margin:
Interest Payment Dates:

NA 1,000,000,000
1,000,000
SEK (Swedish Krone)
26 May 2016 26 May 2046 100 % of Face Value
Ordinary Call: 26 May 2021, and on any Interest Payment Date thereafter subject as set forth in Clause 3.7.

Call Price: Equal to the Redemption Price

Conditional Call: See Section 3, Clause 3.7.

NA

NA

Issue Date

|

Reference Rate + Margin

Three (3) months STIBOR

2.75 percentage points p.a. to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling on or after 26 May 2026, thereafter to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 3.75 percentage points p.a.

26 February, 26 May, 26 August and 26 November each year. The initial Interest Payment Date falling on 26 August

Day Count Fraction: Additional Return: Business Day Convention: Listing: Exchange:

2016. Actual/360. NA Modified Following Business Day. YES, no later than 12 months from Issue Date. The regulated market o f Oslo Børs ASA

2 Clarifications and definitions

When used in this Bond Agreement, the following words and capitalised terms shall have the following meaning and definition:

Additional Return:

If YES is specified, certain conditions set forth in Attachment apply regarding yield. If NA is specified, no provisions regarding Additional Return apply.

Applicable Regulations: Such rules and regulations as applicable in Denmark from time to time in accordance with Solvency II.

Arrears of Interest:

As defined in Clause 3.5.3.

Bankruptcy Event:

That the Issuer has been declared bankrupt in accordance with Chapter 3 of the Danish bankruptcy act.

Bond Agreement:

This agreement including any attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the parties hereto.

Bond Trustee:

Nordic Trustee ASA or its successor(s).

Bondholder(s):

I lolder(s) of Bond(s) from time to time as registered in the Securities Register (VPS) or their duly appointed representative(s).

Bondholders' Meeting:

Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in Section 5 o f this Bond Agreement.

Bonds:

Securities issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement and which is registered in the Securities Register, each a "Bond".

Business Day:

Any day on which banks are open for general business in Copenhagen, Oslo and Stockholm.

Business Day Convention:

Convention for adjusting any relevant payment date ("Payment Date") if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day;

(i) If Modified Business Day is specified, the applicable Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day.

Call:
Call Date: Call Price: Capital Disqualification Event:
Capital Requirement Breach:
Compulsory Interest Payment Event:

(ii) If Modified Following Business Day is specified, the applicable Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date shall be the first preceding Business Day.
(iii) If No Adjustment is specified, the applicable Interest Payment Date shall not be adjusted even if that day is not a Business Day (payments shall be made on the first following Business Day).
Issuer's early redemption right of Bonds at the date(s) stated (the "Call Date") and corresponding price(s) (the "Call Price"), ref. Clauses 3.7. The Call Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. If NA is specified under Call in Section 1, the provisions regarding Call do not apply.
As defined above under "Call".
As defined above under "Call".
An event which occurs if, as a result of any replacement of or change to (or change to the interpretation by any court or relevant authority) the Applicable Regulation which becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, the Bonds or part of the Bonds arc no longer, or there is a substantial risk that they will no longer be, eligible in accordance with the Applicable Regulations to count as cover for the capital or solvency requirements (as such terms are described from time to time in the Applicable Regulations) for the Issuer whether on a single or consolidated basis (and including, for the avoidance of doubt, any change to any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital).
A breach of the applicable capital requirements or solvency requirements from time to time applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as such requirements are defined under the Applicable Regulations). For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Solvency Capital Requirement applicable to the Issuer or the Group or the Minimum Capital Requirement (to the extent applicable, where it occurs before non-compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement) applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as defined in Solvency 11 is a Capital Requirement Breach.
Means an event whereby:
(i) a dividend or any other distribution was declared or paid in respect of any Junior Obligations; and/or
(ii) any redemption, purchase or acquisition of any Junior Obligations has been effected by the Issuer, or any o f its subsidiaries,
save, in any such case, where the terms of the relevant Junior
r

Conditional Call: Currency: Day Count Fraction:
Event of Default: Exchange: Face Value:

Obligations (a) (in the case of (i) above) do not enable the Issuer to defer, pass on or eliminate an interest payment, dividend or other distribution or (b) (in the case of (ii) above) require redemption;
Has the meaning set out in Clause 3.7.2.
The currency in which the Bonds are denominated.
The convention for calculation of payment of Interest.
(i) If 30/360 is specified, the number of days in the relevant interest period shall be calculated from and including the Interest Accrual Datc/[ntcrest Payment Date to the next Interest Payment Date on basis of a year of 360 days with 12 months of 30 days divided by 360, unless (a) the last day in the relevant interest period is the 31s1 calendar day but the first day of the relevant interest period is a day other than the 30th or the 31slday o f a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the relevant interest period is the last calendar day in February, in which case February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
(ii) If Actual/360 is specified, the actual number of days in the relevant interest period shall be from and including the Interest Accrual Datc/Interest Payment Date to the next Interest Payment Date. The number of days shall be divided by 360.
The occurrence of an event set forth in Clause 3.9.
Regulated market, on which the Issuer has, or has applied for, listing or admission to trading (as the case may be) of the Bonds. If NA is specified, the terms of this Bond Agreement covering Exchange do not apply.
The face (nominal) value of each Bond.

Group: Initial Amount: Interest Accrual Date: Interest Payment Dates:

Shall mean Tryg /VS, the Issuer and their respective subsidiaries under the Applicable Regulations.
The amount equal to the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds (minimum) issued on the Issue Date. The date on which interest on the Bonds starts to accrue. If NA is specified, Interest Accrual Date does not apply.
Payment Date on which the payment of interest falls due, as set out in Clause 1.

Interest Rate:
ISIN: Issue: Issue Date: Issuer: Issuer's Bonds: Issuer's Supervisor: Issuing Agents: Junior Obligations: Listing:
Mandatory Interest Deferral Date:

Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds;
(i) If the Interest Rate is stated in percentage points, the Bonds shall bear interest at this rate per annum (based on the Day Count Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including the Interest Accrual Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.
(ii) If the Interest Rate is stated as Reference Rate 4 Margin the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin (based on the Day Count Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including the Interest Accrual Date to the first Interest Payment Date, and thereafter from and including each Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date until Maturity Date.If the Interest Rate becomes negative, the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero.
The identification number of the Bonds (International Securities Identification Number).
The issue of Bonds pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
The date of the first Issue. If Maximum Amount is NA the first issue is the only issue of Bonds.
The person or entity that has issued the Bonds and is the borrower (debtor) in relation to the Bonds.
Bonds owned by a member of the Group. The Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (Fincmstilsynet) and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer with respect to its capital.
Nordca Markets, Nordea Bank Danmark A/S and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken, Denmark. (i) the Issuer's share capital, and
(ii) any other obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Bonds.
Indicates listing of the Bonds on en Exchange. If YES is specified, the Issuer shall submit an application in order to have the Bonds listed on the Exchange(s) as set out herein. If NO is specified, no obligation for listing applies, but the Issuer may, at its own discretion, apply for listing.
Each Interest Payment Date immediately following (i) the date as of which the Issuer is in Capital Requirement Breach, or there is a risk that a Capital Requirement Breach or a Bankruptcy Event would occur as a result of the payment of Interest, and/or (ii) the

Margin:

occurrence of a breach of the capital requirements under the Applicable Regulations would require the Issuer to defer or suspend payment of interest in respect of the Bonds (unless the Issuer's Supervisor has waived such requirement). Margin expressed in percentage points to be added to the Reference Rate (if the Margin is negative, it shall be deducted from the Reference Rate). If NA is specified, no Margin applies.

Maturity Date:

The Payment Date on which the Bonds fall due, provided that if on the Maturity Date there is non-compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement applicable to the Issuer or the Group or repayment or redemption would lead to such non-compliance, repayment of the Bonds will be deferred until such Payment Date where neither the Issuer nor the Group is in non-compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement and repayment or redemption would not lead to such non-compliance.

Maximum Amount:

Amount stating the maximum aggregate Face Value of Bonds which may be issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement. If NA is specified, the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds issued may not exceed the amount specified as the Initial Amount.

Minimum Capital Requirement:

Shall mean the minimum capital requirement (MCR) af defined under Applicable Regulations.

Optional Interest Deferral Any Interest Payment Date which is not a Mandatory Interest

Date:

Deferral Date.

Outstanding Bonds:

The aggregate nominal amount of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged in the Securities Register.

Ordinary Call:

26 May 2021, and on any Interest Payment Date thereafter subject as set forth in Clause 3.7.

Parity Obligations:

Any obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank pari passu with the Bonds.

Paying Agent:

The entity acting as registrar for the Bonds in the Securities Register and paying agent on behalf of the Issuer in the Securities Register.

Payment Date:

As defined above under "Business Day Convention".

Rating Agency: Rating Agency Event:

Moody's Investors Service or any successor or replacement thereof. A change in the rating methodology, or in the interpretation of such methodology, as the case may be, becoming effective after the Issue Date, as a result of which the capital treatment assigned by a Rating Agency to the Bonds or part thereof, as notified by such Rating Agency to the Issuer or as published by such Rating Agency, becomes, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, materially unfavourable for the Issuer, when compared to the

Redemption Price: Reference Rate: Registration: Reset Date:
Securities Register: Solvency II: Solvency Capital Requirement: STIBOR:
Taxation Event:

capital treatment assigned by such Rating Agency to the Bonds, as notified by such Rating Agency to the Issuer or as published by such Rating Agency, on or around the Issue Date. The price, stated as a percentage of the Face Value, at which the Outstanding Bonds shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date.
STIBOR rounded to the nearest thousand of a percentage point on each Reset Date, for the period stated. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does not apply.
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS"), with secondary registration in Euroclear, Brussels.
Dates on which the Interest Rate is fixed lor the subsequent interest period for the Bonds where Reference Rate applies. The first Reset Date is two (2) Business Days before the Interest Accrual Date. Thereafter the Reset Date is two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.
The securities register in which the Bonds are registered, being the VPS.
Directive 2009/138/EC of 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of business o f Insurance and Re-insurance (Solvency II) (as amended from time to time).
Shall mean the solvency capital requirement (SCR) as defined under the Applicable Regulations.
means: (a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on
Nasdaq Stockholm's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering o f deposits in SEK and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or (b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or if no quotation is available pursuant to item (b) above, the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period.
An event which occurs as a result of any amendment to, clarification of or change (including any announced prospective change) in the laws or treaties (or regulations thereunder or public interpretation thereof) of Denmark affecting taxation (including any change in the inteiprctation by any court or relevant authority)

Voting Bonds: VPS

or any governmental action, on or after the Issue Date, and there is a substantial risk that:
(i) The Issuer is, or will be, subject to a significant amount of other taxes, duties or other governmental charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Bonds;
(ii) The treatment of any o f the Issuer's items o f income or expense with respect to the Bonds as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Issuer to a significant amount of additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges; or
(iii) The Issuer would be required to gross up interest payments. Outstanding Bonds less Issuer's Bonds.
As defined above under "Registration".

J

3 Other terms of the Issue
3.1 The purpose of the Issue
3.1.1 The purpose of the Issue is that the Bonds shall qualify as tier 2 capital (basic own funds) for the purpose of the Applicable Regulations and as determined by the Issuer's Supervisor, and to be assigned equity credit by the Rating Agency.
3.2 Listing and prospectus
3.2.1 In the event that the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, matters concerning the listing requiring the approval of the Bondholders shall be resolved pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement.
In the event that the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, the Issuer shall submit the documents and the information necessary to maintain the listing.
The Issuer shall ensure that the terms of this Bond Agreement shall be reflected in any prospectus related to the Bonds.
3.3 Status
3.3.1 The Bonds will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer, and will rank:
a) pari passu without any preference among the Bonds; b) pari passu with all outstanding Parity Obligations; c) in priority to payments to creditors in respect of Junior Obligations; d) junior in right of payment to any present or future claims o f (i) policyholders and
beneficiaries of the Issuer, and (ii) any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer.
3.4 Security
3.4.1 The Bonds are unsecured.
3.5 Deferral of interest payments
3.5.1 Optional Deferral of Interest
The Issuer may on any Optional Interest Deferral Date by notice to the Bond Trustee defer payment of all (but not only some) of the interest accrued but unpaid to that date, provided that no Compulsory Interest Payment Event has occurred during the preceding 6 months.
3.5.2 Mandatory Deferral of Interest
Notwithstanding Clause 3.5.1, the Issuer will on any Mandatory Interest Deferral Date by notice to the Bond Trustee (together with a certificate signed by authorised signatories of the Issuer confirming the relevant Interest Payment Date is a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date) defer payment o f all (but not only some) o f the interest accrued but unpaid to that date.
3.5.3 Payment of Deferred Interest
Any interest not paid on an Optional Interest Deferral Date or a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date ("Arrears of Interest") may at the option of the Issuer, be paid in whole or in pan at the next Interest Payment Date which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date, and shall, subject to prior approval from the Issuer's Supervisor (to the extent required under the Applicable Regulations), be paid in whole on a Payment Date which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date at the earliest of:

(a) the date of any redemption of the Bonds in accordance with the Bond Agreement;
(b) the date of a Bankruptcy Event; or
(c) the date on which the Issuer pays any distribution, interest payment or makes any payment (including payment in relation to redemption or repurchase) on or in respect of any Junior Obligations or Parity Obligations, or the date on which any dividend or other distribution on or payment (including payment in relation to redemption or repurchase) on or in respect of the Issuer's share capital is paid.
3.5.4 Interest will not accrue on Arrears of Interest.
3.5.5 An Interest Payment Date shall not be a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date if:
a) the Issuer has remedied the Capital Requirement Breach prior to such Interest Payment Date and no such Capital Requirement Breach will occur as a result of the interest payment; or
b) (i) the Issuer's Supervisor has exceptionally waived the deferral of interest payments, (ii) such interest payment does not further weaken the solvency position of the Issuer, and (iii) the Minimum Capital Requirement is complied with after the interest payment is made.
3.5.6 The terms "deferral of interest" shall in this Bond Agreement be understood in accordance with the Applicable Regulations.
3.6 Issuer's Call Option (Optional Redemption) 3.6.1 Ordinary Call
The Issuer may on the Call Date or any Interest Payment Date thereafter redeem all (but not some only) of the Outstanding Bonds at the Call Price with the Issuer's Supervisor's prior consent, provided that if there is a Capital Requirement Breach or repayment or redemption would lead to such breach, redemption may only be made if:
(i) the Issuer's Supervisor has exceptionally waived the suspension of repayment or redemption of the Bonds;
(ii) the Bonds arc exchanged for or converted into another tier 1 or tier 2 basic ownfund item of at least the same quality; and
(iii) the Minimum Capital Requirement is complied with after the repayment or redemption.
3.6.2 Conditional Call
If the Issuer provides satisfactory evidence to the Bond Trustee, that:
(a) a Capital Disqualification Event; (b) a Rating Agency Event; and/or (c) a Taxation Event;
has occurred, the Issuer may provided that (i) no Capital Requirement Breach having occurred or would occur as a result of a redemption, and (ii) prior consent o f the Issuer Supervisor, redeem all (but not only some only) of the Outstanding Bonds at the Redemption Price plus accrued and unpaid interest, including Arrears of Interest (if any), without premium or penalty. In case of redemption within the period of 5 years from

Issue Date such redemption shall be funded out of the proceeds from new issuance of capital of at least the same quality as the Bond (unless such requirement no longer is required under Solvency II and/or Applicable Regulations).

3.6.3 If exercising the Call, the Issuer shall at the relevant date indicated under Call pay to the Bondholders the Redemption Price of the Bonds to be redeemed plus accrued interest and Arrears o f Interest (if any) on the redeemed Bonds without any premium or penalty.

3.6.4

Exercise of the Call shall be notified by the Issuer to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the relevant Call Date. The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent in accordance with Clause 4.7.2 below.

3.7 Payments
3.7.1 On each Interest Payment Date, subject to the provisions in Clause 3.5, the Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued interest amount to the Bondholders.
3.7.2 The Issuer may not apply any counterclaims in set-off against its payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
3.7.3 Amounts payable to the Bondholders by the Issuer shall be available to the Bondholders on the date the amount is due pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

3.8 Events of default 3.9.1 This Bond Agreement does not contain any event of default provision and neither the
Bond Trustee nor the Bondholders may declare any event of default by the Issuer o f any of its obligations under the Bond Agreement neither on the basis of the Bond Agreement nor on the basis of general principles of Danish law.
3.9.2 Bondholders may only demand prepayment in the event of bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer.

4 Other terms and conditions

4.1 4.1.1

Conditions precedent
The Bond Trustee shall have received the following documentation, no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
a) this Bond Agreement duly signed, b) the Issuer's corporate resolution to make the Issue, c) confirmation that the relevant individuals arc authorised to sign on behalf of the
Issuer this Bond Agreement and other relevant documents in relation hereto, (Company Certificate, Power of Authority etc.), d) the Issuer's Articles of Association,

e) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Issue, f) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register,

i

g) any agreement regarding the Bond Trustee's fees and expenses as set forth in Clause 4.8.2 duly signed,
h) confirmation according to Clause 4.2.2 if applicable,
i) any other relevant documentation presented in relation to the Issue, and j) any statements (including legal opinions) reasonably required by the Bond Trustee
regarding documentation in this Clause 4.1.1.
4.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for the documentation as set forth in Clause 4.1.1.
4.1.3 The Issuance of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

4.2 Representations and warranties
4.2.1 At the Issue Date, the Issuer represents and warrants that:
a) all information which has been presented in relation to such Issue is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to effect the importance of the information as regards the evaluation of the Bonds, and that the Issuer has taken all reasonable measures to ensure this, and
b) the Issuer has made a valid resolution to make such Issue, and such Issue docs not contravene any of the Issuer's other liabilities,

4.2.2 The Bond Trustee may prior to any Issue require a statement from the Issuer confirming the Issuer's compliance with Clause 4.2.1.

4.3 Registration of Bonds

4.3.1 The Issuer shall continuously ensure the correct registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.4 Interest Rate Fixing

4.4.1

If, pursuant to this Bond Agreement, the Interest Rate shall be adjusted during the term of the Bonds, any adjustments shall be carried out by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Exchange shall be notified of the new Interest Rate applicable until the next Interest Payment Date.

4.5 The Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

4.5.1

The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may subject to receiving the prior consent from the Issuer's Supervisor at any time purchase Bonds in any maimer and at any price, subject to Applicable Regulations. Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer or any o f its subsidiaries will be held by the Issuer or may be cancelled by causing such Bonds to be deleted of the records of the Securities Register.

4.6 Covenants

4.6.1 Information Covenants

The Issuer undertakes to:

a) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a material effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement,

b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or change the nature o f its business,
c) upon request, provide the Bond Trustee with its annual and interim reports,
d) upon request report to the Bond Trustee the balance of Issuer's Bonds,
c) without being requested to do so, provide a copy to the Bond Trustee of any notice to its creditors in general to be made according to applicable laws and regulations,
f) without being requested to do so and without any delay, inform the Bond Trustee of any events described in Clause 3.5, 3.6, 3.7 and 3.9.2, and
g) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.6.2

Other undertakings
The Issuer undertakes to comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it may be subject to from lime to time, where failure to comply may have material adverse effect on its ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement.

4.7 Notices

4.7.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

4.7.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

4.8 Expenses

4.8.1

The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfillment o f its obligations hereunder, including the preparation o f this Bond Agreement, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange, and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.8.2

The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer according to applicable fee structure presented at the Bond Trustee's web site (www.trustee.no) at the Issue Date, unless otherwise is agreed with the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to insolvency or similar by the Issuer, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

4.8.3 Any public fees payable in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilling of the obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any public fees levied on the trading of Bonds.

4.8.4 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Danish law.

5 Bondholders' Meeting

5.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
5.3.1 The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders' community in all matters regarding the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval o f the

Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding and prevail for all Bonds.
5.2 Procedural rules for the Bondholders' Meeting
5.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:
a) the Issuer, b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds, c) the Bond Trustee, or d) the Exchange.

5.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee with a copy to the Issuer, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

5.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

5.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication and to the Issuer.

5.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

5.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

5.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises in Oslo or Copenhagen designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders and the Issuer.

5.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and representatives of the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

5.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in the discussion of particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

5.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

5.3.1 At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuer's Bonds. Issuer's Bonds have no voting rights.

5.3.2

In all matters to be dealt with at the Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

5.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 5.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

5.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in clause 5.3.5.

5.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the votes cast is required:

a) any amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds.
b) the transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (borrower), or
c) change of Bond Trustee.

5.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

5.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

5.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.3.9 Any amendments to the Bond Agreement shall be subject to the prior approval of the Issuer and, if required under the Applicable Regulations, the Issuer's Supervisor.

5.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

5.4.1 If the Bondholders' Meeting docs not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 5.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

5.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds arc represented.

i

6 The Bond Trustee

6.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

6. 1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer ofits obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, informing the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

6.1.2

Following a bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond 'Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.1.3

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement, which, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement, see however Clause 6.1.5.

6.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 6.1.3 provided prior notification to the Bondholders are given, see however Clause 6.1.5. Such notice shall contain a proposal o f the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond 'Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date o f such notification.

6.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not teach decisions pursuant to Clauses 6.1.3 or 6.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 5.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

6.1.6 'The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

6.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

6.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 5.3.5.

6.1.9 The Issuer further appoints the Bond Trustee as representative (da: "repreesentant") for the Bondholders in accordance with Chapter 2 a of the Danish act on trading in securities etc. (da: "vcerdipapirhandelsloven") (as amended from time to time).

6.1.10 If the Bond Trustee becomes subject to bankruptcy proceedings, the procedures set out in Clause 5.2 and 5.3 of the Bond Agreement shall apply to the change of Bond Trustee, except that the Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Issuer within [ten] Business Days after the Issuer becomes aware of the bankruptcy proceedings being opened and such Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Issuer.
5

6.2 Termination and recovery

6.2.1 Following a bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may, subject to applicable law, take any action it deems necessary in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders.

6.2.2

Should the Bond Trustee receive a written demand to take action as set forth in Clause 6.2.1 from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of Voting Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall take such actions unless the Bondholders' Meeting has passed a resolution for alternative solutions.

6.2.3

The Bond Trustee shall be indemnified by the Bondholders for any results (including any expenses, costs and liabilities) of taking action pursuant to Clause 6.2.2 or pursuant to the Bondholders' Meeting having declared the Bonds to be in default. The Bond Trustee may claim indemnity and security from the Bondholders who put forward the demand in accordance with clause 6.2.2 or voted for the adopted resolution at the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.3 Liability and indemnity

6.3.1 The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

6.3.2

The Issuer is liable for and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of all direct losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer to fulfill its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement.

6.4 Change of Bond Trustee

6.4.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 5. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

6.4.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 4.8, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

6.4.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

7 General provisions

7.1 The Bondholders' community
7.1.1 Through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, the Bondholders will be deemed to have acceded to this Bond Agreement and hereby accept that:
a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement, b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders, c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement,
access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register,

d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other,

(ii)

the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly

towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings

against the Issuer,

(iii)

the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the

Bondholders,

(iv)

the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that

(v)

the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

7.1.2 This Bond Agreement shall be publicly available from the Bond Trustee and the Issuer.

7.2 Dispute resolution and legal venue

7.2.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Bond Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Danish law and before the Copenhagen City Court.

7.3 Amendments

7.3.1

Subject to the provisions in Clause 6 above, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to make any amendments of the terms of the Bonds which arc of a formal, minor or technical nature or are made to correct a manifest error. The Bond Trustee shall furthermore be entitled (but without obligation), upon request from the Issuer, to make amendments to the terms of Bonds to ensure that these continue to qualify as tier 2 basic own-fund item of the Issuer for the purpose of the Applicable Regulations, where such change is required as a result of any change in the relevant laws and regulations, or in any official interpretation thereof. Other amendments to the terms of the Bonds shall be subject to approval by the Bondholders (with a simple or qualified majority, as the case may be pursuant to Clause 5.3).

7.3.2 Any amendments shall, if required under the Applicable Regulations, be subject to the prior approval of the Issuer's Supervisor.
7.4 Contact information 7.4.1 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of any
changes in its postal address, e-mail address, telephone and contact persons.

Bond Trustee

