NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA.
To the bondholders in: N00010709199 Northland Resources AB 14/14 11,00% USD C (the "Super Senior Bridge Bonds" and the holders of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds together the "Super Senior Bridge Bondholders") NO0010682339 Northland Resources AB 13/19 15,00% USD C NO0010682321 Northland Resources AB 13/19 15,00% USD C (together the "First Lien Bonds" and the holders of the First Lien Bonds together the "Firs Lien Bondholders") NO0010636194 Northland Resources SE 12/20 13,00% USD STEP CONV N00010636137 Northland Resources SE 12/20 13,00% STEP CONV (together the "Second Lien Bonds" and the holders of the Second Lien Bonds together the "Second Lien Bondholders") The Super Senior Bridge Bonds, the First Lien Bonds, the Second Lien Bonds, and together the "Bonds" or the "Bond Loans"and the holders of the Bonds together the "Bondholders")
Oslo, 12 December 2014
Summons to Bondholder Meetings
Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Trustee") acts as bond trustee for the abovementioned Bond Loans, all of which are documented in (i) a bond agreement dated 7 April 2014 (the "Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement"), (ii) an amended and restated bond agreement dated 6 June 2013 in respect of the First Lien Bonds (the "First Lien Bond Agreement"), each also referred to as a "Bond Agreement" and jointly as the "Bond Agreements"). Northland Resources AB (publ.) ("NRAB") is the issuer of the First Lien Bonds and the Super Senior Bridge Bonds (referred to as the "Issuer"). The Issuer, Northland Resources SE (previously Northland Resources SA) ("NRSE"), Northland Sweden AB ("NSAB"), Northland Exploration Sweden AB ("NESAB"), Northland Logistics AB ("NLAB"), Northland Logistics AS, Northland Mines Oy ("NMOY") and Northland Exploration Finland Oy ("NFOY") are collectively referred to as the "Group". Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to such terms in the relevant Bond Agreements, as the context requires. The Bondholders are encouraged to read this summons (the "Summons") in its entirety.
#5287791/1

The information in this Summons regarding the Group and market conditions is provided by the Group, and the Trustee expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. BACKGROUND
On 8 December 2014 NRAB (Sweden), NSAB (Sweden), NLAB (Sweden), NLSA (Norway), NMOY (Finland), and NFOY (Finland) filed for bankruptcy. The filing for bankruptcy of the ultimate holding company NRSE is currently prepared. The respective courts have opened proceedings in Sweden, Norway and Finland and have appointed as respective bankruptcy trustees (i) Hans Anderson (Raiding) for the Swedish entities (the "Liquidator"), (ii) Knut Ro (Ro Sommernes) for the Norwegian entity and (iii) Pekka Jaatinen (Castren fit Snellman) for the Finish entities. The delay in the filing for bankruptcy of NRSE is related to a more complex filing process in Luxembourg and the fact that based on our feedback NRSE and the Liquidator are currently considering if there is an argument that the centre of main interest - COMI of NRSE is in Sweden and therefore a Swedish bankruptcy process could be available.
The current informed cash balances within the Group as of bankruptcy, beside the approx. USD 17 million on the SSBB Escrow Account is approximately USD 8.0 million (the Group has also additionally USD 8 million in escrow accounts for the benefit of other parties). This amount is spread over various Norwegian and Swedish accounts of various Group members. Apparently, approx. USD 4.5 million are held in Swedish accounts of NRAB ("Nordea Sweden Accounts"), approx. USD 1.0 million are held in Norwegian accounts of NRAB, approx. USD 2.0 million are held in Swedish Accounts of NESAB, and a further USD 1.0 million is spread over other members of the Group.
At the day of the bankruptcy filing, the Trustee issued Accounts Control Notices to Nordea in Sweden and Norway respectively requesting to block pledged accounts, as an immediate step to secure bondholder's positions. The requests were fulfilled by Nordea in the relevant jurisdictions.
As regards the Norwegian pledged accounts the Trustee considers such accounts pledged and perfected in accordance with the principles following from the European Financial Collateral Directive incorporated in Norway and that such funds could be accessed through a Norwegian Account pledge enforcement. The Trustee is currently considering the access and rights connected to the approximately USD 2.0 million standing on the account of NESAB and also considering a potential enforcement of the share pledge in NESAB and a potential voluntary liquidation of NEAB. It has been noted that the current strategy is very preliminary and there is still uncertainty as to the possibility to access the USD 2.0 million on the NESAB accounts, and that final strategy will require further analysis.
In order to continue to safeguard rights of the Group and its creditors against third parties, an agreement was entered into 10 December 2014 (the "Release Agreement") between the bankruptcy estate of NRAB and the Trustee securing stating in the interest of all stakeholders immediate funding to enable the Liquidator to pursue certain claims and take actions to maximize recoveries for its creditors, as further described in section 2 below together with the proposed approval by the Bondholder Meetings. It is expected that a similar arrangement will be required to secure Bondholders interest in respect of the bankruptcies in NSAB, NLAB and NLAS. Potential funding arrangement for NESAB and NRSE is too early to determine.

#5287791/1

2 (8)

The main purpose of this Summons is to convene a Bondholders' meeting to establish whether the Bondholders wish to decide and instruct the Trustee to enforce and/or initiate recovery steps with respect to the various security interest established under the respective Security Documents under the Bond Agreements as further described below in section 4 below. The Trustee is besides this proposing to the Bondholders' meeting to approve the Release Agreement.
2. The Release Agreement
The Release Agreement set forth the conditions for a release of cash in order to maximize recoveries for the Group's creditors.
Whether the Trustee is entitled to separate recovery (opposed to joint recovery together with unsecured creditors) to the amount standing on the Nordea Sweden Account, is currently disputed between the Liquidator and the Trustee and yet to be considered by the Liquidator, and will depend on specific perfection and financial collateral requirements under Swedish law. Regardless of this, the Liquidator appreciates the need for immediate funding an access to funds standing on the Nordea Sweden Accounts currently being blocked. Such funding will also be necessary to implement asset preserving measures in the interest protecting assets pledged in the interest of Bondholders. The Trustee will accordingly ask the Bondholder's Meetings to approve the funding agreement between the Trustee and the Liquidator of NRAB of 10 December 2014 as described below.
The terms under the Release Agreement include a first release that shall secure operation based on an estimated cash requirement received from the Liquidator of the bankruptcy estate of NRAB approximately USD 1,500,000 per month, to secure administration expenses including to ensure that all assets, whether pledged or not, are maintained at current level and linked to cost connected to heating, electricity, leasing of substation, pumping, security, surveillance, environmental issues IT, requirements and securing key competences. The first release to the Estate makes available USD 2 million for the period from 9 December 2014 to 15 January 2015. At the same time an amount of USD 1,500,000 will be released and transferred to the Trustee for the benefit of bondholder's interest. Such transfer will be final, and not subject to any claw-back following the Liquidators conclusion on whether Trustee is entitled to separate recovery (opposed to joint recovery together with unsecured creditors), in relation to the Nordea Swedish Accounts subject to the pledge agreement.
From the first release of USD 2 million to the Estate and USD 1.5 million to the Trustee, the Trustee has already accepted an interim first release so that both the Estate and the Trustee shall have the right to an immediate release of USD 250,000 each from Nordea Sweden Accounts, to secure payment of critical expenses. The final first release of the remaining USD 1,750,000 to the Estate and USD 1,250,000 the Trustee from the Nordea Sweden Accounts is subject to approval by a meeting of the Bondholders.
The remaining funds in the Nordea Sweden Accounts shall remain blocked until the occurrence of either of three events, a) an agreement on further releases in accordance with an agreed budget and/or b) an agreements on final distribution of the funds at the Nordea Sweden Accounts to the Trustee or the Estate or between them, c) the rights to the funds at the Nordea Sweden Accounts have been finally settled by a court decision that has gained legal force.

#5287791/1

3 (8)

3. Release Agreement for NLAB, NSAB and NLAS
Similar arrangements as under the Release Agreement are expected to be required in relation to the bankruptcy of NLAB, NSAB and NLAS.
The Trustee will ask the Bondholder's meeting to authorize the Trustee to approve a similar arrangement as under the Release Agreement to be agreed with the Liquidator of NLAB and NSAB respectively, agreeing on the same structure (up to the same percentual split) for funds standing the accounts of NLAB or NSAB.
For NLAS, the Trustee is not aware of any amounts standing on the accounts of NLAS that may be accessed through an enforcement of an account pledge or could be subject to an agreement with the Norwegian liquidator. Following this, the Trustee would ask the Bondholder Meeting to approve the use of up to USD 500,000, of the USD 1,500,000 in total to be transferred from the Nordea Sweden Accounts under the Release Agreement, to cover costs to preserve the interests of Bondholders connected to the operations of NLAS at the port of Narvik. The Trustee will, to the extent applicable, seek to provide such fund by way of loan on a secured level if applicable. However, taken into consideration that these funds will be directed at securing Bondholder's interest and secured assets and not the interest of other unsecured creditors, a substantial part of such cost will likely need to be covered on an unsecured basis.
4. Enforcement- recovery steps
The bankruptcies constitutes Event of Default under the Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement (cf. Clause 17.6 (c)), the First Lien Bond Agreement (cf. Clause 18.6 (c)), and the Second Lien Bond Agreement (cf. Clause 17.6 (c)) respectively.
The Trustee will ask the Bondholder's Meetings to approve that the Trustee initiates enforcementand recovery steps and asset preserving measures connected to the security securing the Bonds in accordance with the provisions of the Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement dated 7 April 2014 (the "ICA").
The enforcement- and recovery steps will inter alia include (but not be limited to) immediate enforcement of (i) all account pledges securing the Bonds, as regulated by the Security Documents, and also taken into consideration the provisions of the accounts agreements dated 26 April 2012 and 7 June 2013, between inter alia the Trustee, the Issuer, Nordea Bank Norge ASA and Nordea Bank AB (publ.), including disposal of the amounts standing on such accounts and (ii) the enforcement of the escrow account pledge secured under the Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement (the "SSBB Escrow Account Pledge"), including any disposal of any amounts standing on the SSBB Escrow Account, and (iii) take any other actions and measures necessary to realise or facilitate the realisation of the security interests granted under the respective Security Documents securing the Bonds, and to perform the actual enforcement of any such security interests.
The ICA regulates the ranking of debt, security interests and distribution between the Bondholders under the respective Bond Agreements as well as the security interests of certain other creditors. The ICA also set forth the application of enforcement proceeds (section 13) first to the Super Senior Bridge Bondholders, secondly to the First Lien Bondholders and thirdly the Second Lien Bondholders, all being subordinated to payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Security Agent and any unpaid fees, costs and expenses and Liabilities (and any interest thereon as provided

#5287791/1

4 (8)

in the Security Documents), under the Super Senior Bond Agreement, the First Lien Bond Agreement, the Second Lien Bond Agreement.
According to the ICA the Second Lien Bondholders will, as a general principle, be restricted from initiate enforcement, save for where the Super Senior Bondholders and the First Lien Bondholders has initiated enforcement steps (ICA Section 11 (j) cf. Section 9 (i)). Following these principles the Trustee would propose to the Second Lien Bondholder Meeting to instruct the Trustee to declare an event of default and initiate enforcement and recovery steps. Following the estimated application of recovery proceed and estimated recovery, the proposals described in section 2 and 3 above will not be subject to a decision at the Second Lien Bondholder Meeting.
It should be noted that although a bankruptcy estate generally must respect the rights of secured creditors, the Bondholders may, pursuant to the applicable law of the relevant jurisdictions in which bankruptcy of the various Group companies are opened, be subject to various restrictions such as, inter alia, stand still periods whereby enforcement of security may not take place for a specific period of time unless the bankruptcy estate gives its consent. The Bondholders may also be subject to objections from relevant bankruptcy estates, inter alia contesting the validity and/or the scope the security. Hence, the Bondholders should be noted that both the time required for enforcement of the Security Interests and the results thereof are uncertain.
5. PROPOSAL
Based on the above, the Trustee hereby propose the following to the Bondholders (the "Proposal"):
The Super Senior Bridge Bondholders:
1. Consent and instruct the Trustee to give effect to the Release Agreement described in section 2
2. Consent and instruct the Trustee to enter into arrangements in relation to NLAB, NSAB and NLAS as described in section 3.
3. Instruct the Trustee to take such enforcement- and recovery steps as described in section 4.
The First Lien Bondholders:
1. Consent and instruct the Trustee to give effect to the Release Agreement described in section 2
2. Consent and instruct the Trustee to enter into arrangements in relation to NLAB, NSAB and NLAS as described in section 3.
3. Instruct the Trustee to take such enforcement- and recovery steps as described in section 4.
The Second Lien Bondholders:
1. Instruct the Trustee to take such enforcement- and recovery steps as described in section 4.
#5287791/1

.6

FURTHER INFORMATION

For more detailed information, please contact one of the following Mr. Jorgen Andersen telephone no. +47 22 87 94 00 or e-mail Andersen@nordictrustee.com.

7. NON-RELIANCE
Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Trustee or its advisers. The Bondholders should independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly.

8. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
Bondholders in each Bond Loan are hereby summoned to Bondholders' Meetings:

Time: 19 December 2014 at 13:00 Oslo time

Place: The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon Vlls gt. 1, 0116 Oslo - 5th floor.

There will be a joint meeting for the Bond Loans, but each Bond Loan will vote separately as each vote will depend on the outcome of the other vote.

Agenda:

1.

Approval of the summons.

2.

Approval of the agenda.

3.

Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes with the chairman.

4.

Consent to the Proposal.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meetings resolve the following (the "Resolution"):

N00010709199 Northland Resources AB 14/14 11,00% USD C (the Super Senior Bridge Bonds)

The Super Senior Bridge Bondholders hereby adopt the resolutions set out in the Proposal as described in the summons to this Bondholders' meeting.

N 00010682339 Northland Resources AB (publ.) 13/19 15,00% USD C and the N00010682321 Northland Resources AB (publ.) 13/19 15,00% USD C (the First Lien Bonds)

The First Lien Bondholders hereby adopt the resolutions set out in the Proposal as described in the summons to this Bondholders' meeting.

N00010636194 Northland Resources SE 12/20 13,00% USD STEP CONV N00010636137 Northland Resources SE 12/20 13,00% STEP CONV

The Second Lien Bondholders hereby adopt the resolutions set out in the Proposal as described in the summons to this Bondholders' meeting.

#5287791/1

6 (8)

***
9. REQUIREMENTS FOR APPROVAL
By the Super Senior Bridge Bondholders and First Lien Bondholders:
To approve the above resolutions (except for the enforcement of the SSBB Escrow Account Pledge as referred to below), Super Senior Bridge Bondholders and First Lien Bondholders representing at least 1/2 of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the bondholders meeting (in person or by proxy) and creditors holding 50.1% or more of the aggregated votes cast represented at the bondholders' meeting, must vote in favour of the resolution. For these purposes, the Super Senior Bridge Bondholders and the First Lien Bondholders votes should be treated and calculated as if they would constitute one single class of voting bonds (cf. Clause 11 (a) of the ICA. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
To approve the above resolutions as regards the enforcement of the SSBB Escrow Account Pledge (only securing the Super Senior Bonds), Super Senior Bondholders representing at least 1/2 of the Voting Bonds of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds must be represented at the meeting (in person or by proxy) and a simple majority of the votes represented at the bondholders meeting must vote in favour of the resolution (cf. the Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement).
By the Second Lien Bondholders:
To approve the above resolutions, Second Lien Bondholders representing at least 1/2 of the Voting Bonds of the Second Lien Bonds must be represented at the meeting (in person or by proxy) and a simple majority of the votes represented at the bondholders meeting must vote in favour of the resolution (cf. the Second Lien Bond Agreement).
10. Other important information regarding the voting
Please find attached a bondholder's form from the Securities Register (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm: (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal value of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serve as proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that the Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

#5287791/1

7 (8)

For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Trustee, to notify the Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (as set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely, Nordic Trustee AS
Enclosed: Bondholder's form

#5287791/1

8 (8)

