Bond Agreement

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Entered into: between the Issuer: Company No. and the Bond Trustee: Company No. on behalf of the Bondholders in: with ISIN:

30 April 2009 Cecon ASA 938 803 595 Norsk Tillitsmann ASA 963 342 624 25 % CECON ASA Secured Bond Issue 2009/2010
NO 001 0506728

The Issuer undertakes to issue the Bonds in accordance with the terms set forth in this Bond Agreement

1. Terms of the Issue
The terms of the Issue are as follows, supplemented by the definitions ahd clarifications set forth in Section 2:

Initial Amount: Maximum Amount: Face Value: Currency: Issue Date: Maturity Date: Redemption Price: Call:
Put: Coupon Accrual Date: Coupon: Referance Rate: Margin: Coupon Date:
Day Count Fraction: Additional Return:

10 000 000

ten million

10 000 000

ten million

100

USD (US dollars)

30 April 2009

30 April 2010

100 % o f Face Value

The Issuer may redeem the Bonds in whole or in part at any time during the period from and including the Issue Date and up to and including the date falling 30 days prior to Maturity Date

100% o f the Face Value of the Bonds being-redeemed plus any interest accrued thereon

NA

NA

Issue Date

25 % p.a.

NA

NA

Any interest accrued on the Loan shall in full be payable in arrears on 30 April 2010

30/360

NA

/

C1-S
L 898771 V I 30.04.09 503587-001

Business Day Convention: Listing: Exchange:

No adjustment NO NA

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2. Clarifications and definitions

When used in this Bond Agreement, the following words and terms shall have the following meaning and definition:

Additional Return: Attachment: Bond Agreement: Bond Trustee: Bondholder: Bondholders' Meeting: Bonds: Business Day: Business Day Convention:
CAD: . Call:
Company: Coupon:

I f YES is specified, certain conditions set forth in Attachment apply regarding yield. If NA is specified, no provisions regarding Additional Return apply. Any attachments to this Bond Agreement. This agreement including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the parties hereto. Norsk Tillitsmann ASA or its successor(s). Holder o f Bond(s) as registered in the Securities Register. Meeting o f Bondholders as set forth in Section 5 o f this Bond Agreement Securities issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement and which is registered in the Securities Register, each a "Bond". Any day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions. Convention for adjusting any relevant payment date ("Payment Date") if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day; (i) If Modified Following Business Day is specified, the
applicable Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date shall.be the first preceding Business Day. (ii) If No Adjustment is specified, the applicable Coupon Payment Date shall not be adjusted even if that day is not a Business Day (payments shall be made on the first following Business Day). The currency o f Canada. Issuer's early redemption right in respect of Bonds at the date(s) stated (the "Call Date") and corresponding price(s) (the "Call Price"), ref. Clause 3.6. and 3.7. The Call Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. If NA is specified, the provisions regarding Call do not apply. Davie Yards Inc, a company registered in Canada, whose address is 22 George-D., Davie Street Levis (Quebec), Canada G6V 8V5. Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; (i) If the Coupon is stated in percentage points, the Bonds shall bear interest at this rate per annum (based on the Day Count Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including fire Coupon Accrual Date to the Maturity Date. (ii) If the Coupon is stated as Reference Rate + Margin the

L J 9 8 7 7 1 J N 30.04.09 505587-001

Coupon Accrual Date: Coupon Date: Currency: Day Count Fraction:
Event o f Default: Exchange:
Face Value: Financial Institution Initial Amount: KIN: Issue: Issue Date: Issuer: Issuer's Bonds:
Listing:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin (based on the Day Count Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including the Coupon Accrual Date to the first Coupon Date, and thereafter from and including each Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date until Maturity Date. The date on which interest on the Bond starts to accrue. If NA is specified, Coupon Accrual Date does not apply. Date(s) on which the payment of Coupon falls due. The Coupon Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. The currency in which the Bonds are denominated. The convention for calculation o f payment o f Coupon. (i) If 30/360 is specified, the number o f days in the relevant coupon period shall be calculated from and including the Coupon Accrual Date/Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date on basis of a year of 360 days with 12 months of 30 days divided b y -360, unless (a) the last day in the relevant coupon period is the 3 1st calendar day but the first day of the relevant coupon period is a day other than the 30" or the 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day o f the relevant coupon period is the last calendar day in February, in which case February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month. (ii) I f Actual/3 60 is specified, the actual number o f days in the relevant coupon period shall be from and including the Coupon Accrual Date/Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date, The number of days shall be divided by 360. The occurrence of an event set forth in Clause 3.8. Exchange or other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the Issuer has, or has applied for, listing o f the Bonds. If NA is . specified, the terms of this Bond Agreement covering Exchange do not apply. The face value of each Bond. Entity with authorization according to the Norwegian Financial Institution Act (1988/40) The amount equal to the aggregate Face Value o f the Bonds (minimum) issued under the first Issue. The identification number o f the Bonds (International Securities Identification Number). Any issue o f Bonds pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The date o f the first Issue. The person or entity that has issued the Bonds and is the borrower (debtor). Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties acting in concert (cfr. Section 2-5 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 1997) who have decisive influence (i.e. who owns or controls at least 50 % of the voting rights in the Issuer) over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence. Indicates listing of the Bonds. If YES is specified, the Issuer shall submit an application in order to have the Bonds listed on the Exchange^). I f NO is specified, ho obligation for listing applies,

Loan: Loan Security: Margin: Maturity Date: Maximum Amount:
NIBOR:
Outstanding Bonds: Paying Agent: Put:
Redemption Price: Reference Rate: Reset Date:
Securities Register: Share Pledge: Voting Bonds:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
hut the Issuer may, at its own discretion, apply for listing, The loan made or to be made under this Bond Agreement or the principal amount outstanding of that loan. The security of the Loan comprising the Share Pledge. Margin expressed in percentage points to be added to the Reference Rate (if the Margin is negative, it shall be deducted from the Reference Rate). If NA is specified, no Margin applies. The date on which the Bonds fall due. The Maturity Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. Amount stating the maximum aggregate Face Value o f Bonds which m aybe issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement. If NA is specified, the aggregate Face Value o f the Bonds issued may not exceed the amount specified as the Initial Amount. (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) Interest rate fixed for a defined period on Reuters page NIBR at 12.00 noon Oslo time. In the event that Reuters page NIBR is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, .a correct expression o f the Reference Rate, an alternative Reuters page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate as the initial Reference Rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the Reference Rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. The aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged in the Securities Register. The entity acting as registrar for the Bonds in the Securities VRegister and paying agent on behalf o f the Issuer in the Securities Register. Bondholders' right to demand early redemption o f Bonds at date(s) stated (the "Put Date") and corresponding price(s) (the "Put Price"), ref. Clause 3.6 and 3.7. The Put Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. I f NA is specified, the provisions regarding Put do not apply. The price, stated as a percent o f the Face Value, at which the Bonds shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date. NIBOR rounded to the nearest hundredth o f a percentage point on each Reset Date, for the period stated. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does not apply. Dates on which the Coupon is fixed for the subsequent coupon period for Bonds where Reference Rate applies. The first Reset Date is two Business Days before the Coupon Accrual Date. Thereafter the Reset Date is two Business Days prior to each Coupon Date. The securities register in which the Bonds are registered. A first priority pledge over all o f Issuer's directly and indirectly owned shares in the Company. Outstanding Bonds less Issuer's Bonds.
o

L j m n y i im ,o ? soss»7-001

3. Other terms of the Issue

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

3.1. The purpose of the Issue

3.1.1.

The proceeds from the Loan shall be used for investing up to USD 10,000,000 (U.S. Dollars ten million) in shares in the Company (the "Shares") at the price of CAD 0.10 per Share in connection with the share issue o f the Company effected on or about the date hereof (the "Share Issue").

3.2. Listing and prospectus

3.2.1. In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, matters concerning the listing requiring the approval of the Bondholders shall be resolved pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement.

3.2.2. In the event that the'Bonds are listed on the Exchange, the Issuer shall submit the documents and the information necessary to maintain the listing.

3.2.3. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement shall be incorporated in any prospectus and other subscription or information materials related to the Bonds.

3.3. Status

3.3.1.

The Issuers payment obligations under this Bond Agreement shall rank ahead of all subordinated payment obligations o f the Issuer and shall rank at least pari passu with all the Issuer's other unsubordinated obligations, save for (i) secured obligations to the extent they are secured and (ii) obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.

3.4. Security .

 3.4.1.

The Bonds including interest and expenses are secured by the Loan Security. The Loan Security shall be established as soon as reasonably practical, and. no later than 5 Business Days after the Issuer has received, and become the legal, beneficial and registered owner and holder of, the Shares.

3.5. Covenants

3.5.1.

The Issuer undertakes not to (either in a single transaction or a series o f transactions, voluntarily or involuntarily):
(a) sell or otherwise dispose of all or a part o f its assets or business, (b) change the nature o f its business (other than as contemplated by this Bond
Agreement), or (c) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business,

if such transaction will materially and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under this Bond Agreement.

3.5.2. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Bond Agreement or the Share Pledge, the Issuer may at any time, in whole or in part, sell or otherwise dispose of the Shares (each a "S hare Sale"), The Share Pledge created over the Shares which are the

l_898771_V t 30.04.09 305587-001

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
subject of such Share Sale, shall immediately and automatically terminate and discharge in full upon the completion o f such Share Sale.

3.5.3.

The Issuer shall, no later than 5 Business Days after the receipt o f the net proceeds of such a Share Sale, make a pre-redemption of the Loan (calculated at 100 % of par value) in an amount equal to the greater of:
(a) the outstanding principal amount o f the Loan multiplied with a fraction, where the numerator shall be the number o f Shares which are the subject o f the relevant Share Sale and the denominator shall be the original number of Shares acquired in connection with the Share Issue, and
4
(b) the net proceeds from the relevant Share Sale.

3.5.4.

For the purposes o f this Clause 3.5.3 only, "net proceeds" means the aggregate consideration received by the Issuer in respect o f such Share Sale less all reasonable costs and expenses and all taxes related thereto. Any pre-redemption o f the Loan to be made under this Clause 3.5.3 shall be made together with interest accrued on the principal amount of the Loan being pre-redeemed.
For information covenants see Clause 4.7.

3.6. Payments

, 3.6.1. On the Coupon Date the Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued Coupon amount in full to the Bondholders.

3.6.2. On the Maturity Date the Issuer shall pay in respect o f each Bond the Face Value of that Bond in full to the Bondholders.

3.6.3. The Issuer may not apply any counterclaims in set-off against its payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

3.6.4. If exercising Call, the Issuer shall at the relevant payment date indicated under Call pay to the Bondholders the Face Value o f the Bonds to be redeemed plus accrued Coupon on the redeemed Bonds.

3.6.5. Amounts payable to the Bondholders by the Issuer shall be available to the Bondholders on'the date the amount is due pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

3.6.6.

In the event that the Issuer has not fulfilled its payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement, regardless of whether an Event of Default has been declared or not, interest shall accrue on the overdue amount at a percentage rate (p.a.) being the higher of:

(a) the seven day NIBOR plus 3.00 percentage points p.a. (to be fixed two Business Days before the due date and thereafter weekly), and

"(b) the applicable Coupon at the due date"plus 3.00 percentage points p.a.

Default interest shall be added to the amount due on a monthly basis in arrears and accrue interest together with this (compound interest).

L_89877LVJ 30.04,09 505587-00!

3.7. Exercise of Put and Call

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

3.7.1. Exercise of Call shall be notified by the Issuer to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee at least 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Call Date,

3.7.2. Partial exercise of Call shall be carried out by drawing of lots randomly between the Bonds (and with lull repayment of each drawn Bond).

3.8. Events of default

3.8.1.

The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon the occurrence of any o f the following events:
(a) the Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation pursuant to Clause 3.6 unless, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment is made, within 5 - five - Business Days following the original due date,
(b) the Issuer fails to perform any other substantial obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement, unless such failure is, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, remediable and it is remedied within 15 - fifteen - Business Days from the date the Issuer became aware thereof,
(c) if the aggregate amount o f financial indebtedness or commitment for financial indebtedness of the Issuer falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 10 000 0000 - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any financial indebtedness o f or guaranteed by the Issuer, is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any financial indebtedness o f the Issuer is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), '
(iii) any commitment for any financial indebtedness o f the Issuer is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result o f an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness of the Issuer due to and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(d) the Issuer becomes subject to insolvency or enforcement proceedings, is taken under public administration, enters into debt negotiations due to insolvency, admits to insolvency or if a substantial proportion o f the Issuer's assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint due to insolvency,
(e) the Issuer is resolved to be dissolved,
(f) a representation, warranty or statement made or repeated in this Bond Agreement was incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made or repeated, or
(g) an event or series of events occurs which has, or may reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on the Issuer' ability to perform its obligations under this Bond Agreement.

CL-
LJ9877LVI 30.04.09 505587-001

4. Other terms and conditions

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4.1. Conditions precedent

4.1.1. The Bond Trustee shall have received the following documentation, no later than two
Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly signed, (b) the Issuer's corporate resolution to make the Issue, (c) confirmation that the relevant individuals are authorised to sign on behalf o f
the Issuer this Bond Agreement and other relevant documents relating hereto, (Company Certificate, Power o f Authority etc.), (d) the Issuer's Articles of Association, (e) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (prospectus requirements) are fulfilled, (f) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Issue, (g) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register, (h) any agreement regarding the Bond Trustee's fees and expenses as set forth in Clause 4.9.2 duly signed, (i) confirmation according to Clause 4.2.2 i f applicable, (j) any other relevant documentation presented in relation to the Issue, and (k) any statements (including legal opinions) required by the Bond Trustee regarding documentation in this Clause 4.1.1.
4.1.2. The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for the documentation as set forth in Clause 4.1.1.

4.1.3. The Issuance of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the manager o f the Issue and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

4.2. Representations and warranties

4.2.1.

At any Issue, the Issuer represents and warrants that:
(a) all information which has been presented by it in relation to such Issue is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, in accordance with the facts and circumstances then prevailing in all material respects and no omissions have been made by it which is likely to effect the the Bondholders' decision to take part in such Issue, and that the Issuer has taken all reasonable measures to ensure this,
(b) the Issuer has made a valid resolution to make such Issue, and such Issue does ·not contravene the Issuer's constitutional documents or any other agreement by which the Issuer is bound, and
(c) public requirements have been fulfilled (i.a. Norwegian Securities Trading Act Chapter 7 and the Norwegian Issue Regulations 1996 no. 1247), and that any required public authorisations have been obtained,

4.2.2. The Bond Trustee may prior to any Issue require a statement from the Issuer confirming the Issuer's compliance with Clause 4.2.1.

LJ98771JV1 30,04.09 505587-001

4.3. Tap Issues (subsequent Issues)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4.3.1. I f Maximum Amount is applicable (Section 1), the Issuer may make subsequent Issues ("Tap Issues") up to the Maximum Amount, provided that
(a) the Tap Issue is made no later than five - 5 - Business Days prior to the Maturity Date, and that
(b) all conditions set forth in Clauses 4.1.1 and 4.2.1 are still valid.
Bach Tap Issue requires written confirmation from the Bond Trustee, unless (i) the Issuer is a Financial Institution and (ii) the Bonds constitute (senior) unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer (i.e. not subordinated).
4.3.2. The Issuer may, upon written confirmation from the Bond Trustee, increase the Maximum Amount. The Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of any increase in the Maximum Amount.

4.4. Registration of Bonds

4.4.1. The Issuer shall continuously ensure the correct registration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.5. The Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

4.5.1. The Issuer has the right to acquire Bonds and to retain, sell or discharge such Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.6. Information covenants

4.6.1.

The Issuer undertakes to:
(a) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee promptly o f any Event of Default pursuant to this Bond Agreement, and o f any situation which the Issuer understands or should understand (if left unremedied) will lead to an Event of Default,
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement,
(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations or change the nature of its business (other than as contemplated by this Bond Agreement),
(d) upon request, provide the Bond Trustee with its annual and interim reports and any other information reasonably required by the Bond Trustee,
(e) upon request report to the Bond Trustee the balance of Issuer's Bonds,
(f) without being requested to do so, provide a copy to the Bond Trustee o f any notice to its creditors to be made according to applicable laws and regulations,
(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of notices to the Exchange which have relevance to the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement,
(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f changes in the registration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register, and
(i) without being requested to do so, annually in connection with the release of its annual report, or upon request, confirm to the Bond Trustee compliance with any covenants set forth in this Bond Agreement.

LJJ98771JV1 30.04.09 505587-001

4.7. Notices

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4.7.1.

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

4.7.2. The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall.be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

4.8. Expenses

4.8.1.

The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfillment of its obligations hereunder, including the `preparation o f this Bond Agreement, any listing o f the Bonds on the Exchange, and the registration and administration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.8.2.

The expenses and fees payable to tire Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer. For Financial Institutions, and Norwegian governmental issuers, annual fee will be determined according to applicable fee structure an terms and conditions presented at the Trustee's web site (www.trustee.no) at the Issue Date, unless otherwise is agreed with the Trustee. For other issuers a separate fee agreement will be entered into. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to insolvency or similar by the Issuer, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

4.8.3.

Any public fees payable in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilling of the obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any public fees levied on the trading of Bonds.

4.8.4. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.

5. Bondholders' Meeting

5.1. Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

5.1.1.

Tire Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders' community in all matters regarding the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding and prevail for all Bonds.

5.2. Procedural rules for the Bondholders' Meeting

5.2.1. A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

/

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f the Voting Bonds, (c) the Bond Trustee, or (d) the Exchange.

LJ98771_V1 30.04,07 505587-001

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
5.2.2. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned b y the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

5.2.3. If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

5.2.4.

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later.than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation o f each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time o f distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

5.2.5.

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth, other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

5.2.6. The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution o f the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.7. Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning o f a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

5.2.8.

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders ' Meeting.

5.2.9. .

Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept, The minutes shall state the Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting with the appurtenant number o f Bonds they may vote for. Further, the minutes shall record the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the'result o f the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

5.2.10. The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and representatives of the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case o f dispute the Bond Trustee shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.11. Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders ' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

LJ98771JV1 30.04.09 505587-001

5.3. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5.3.1. - A t the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuer's Bonds. Issuer's Bonds have no voting rights,

5.3.2.

In all matters to he dealt with at the Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote b y ballot. In case of parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

5.3.3. In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 5.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

5.3.4. Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' . Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in clause 5.3.5.

5.3.5.

In the following matters, a majority o f at least 2/3 o f the votes is required:
(a) any amendment of the terms o f this Bond Agreement regarding the Coupon, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow o f the Bonds.
(b) the transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (borrower), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.

5.3.6. The Bondholders ' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

5.3.7. The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

5.3.8. The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders ' Meeting.

5.4. Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

5.4.1.

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum'pursuant to Clause 5,3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting m aybe summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

5.4.2. When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented.

L J9 8 7 7 L V I 30,04,09 505587*001

6. The Bond Trustee

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

6.1. The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

6.1.1.

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement, including supervision o f timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, informing the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange o f relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters o f confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

6.1.2.

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.1.3.

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement, which, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement, see however Clause 6.1.5.

6.1.4.

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 6.1.3 provided prior notification to the Bondholders are given, see however Clause 6.1.5. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date of such notification.

6.1.5. The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 6.1.3 or 6.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 5.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

6.1.6. The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions whichmay give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

6.1.7. The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

6.1.8. The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 5.3.5.

6.2. Event of Default, termination and recovery

6.2.1. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may take any action it deems necessary in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, including declaring the Bonds to be in default, revoking this Bond Agreement and declaring the
0-

L898771JV1 30.04.09 505587-001

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Bonds plus accrued interest and expenses due for payment, and initiating recovery o f all amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement.

6.2.2.

Should the Bond Trustee receive a written demand to take action as set forth in Clause 6.2.1 from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of Voting Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall take such actions unless the Bondholders' Meeting has passed a resolution for alternative solutions,

6.2.3.

The Bond Trustee shall be indemnified by the Bondholders for any results (including any expenses, costs and liabilities) o f taking action pursuant to Clause 6.2.2 or pursuant to the Bondholders' Meeting having declared the Bonds to be in default. The Bond Trustee may claim indemnity and security from the Bondholders who put forward the demand in accordance with clause 6.2.2 or voted for the adopted resolution at the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.3. Liability and indemnity

6.3.1.

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

6.3.2.

The Issuer is liable for and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of all direct losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of a breach by the Issuer o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance o f this Bond Agreement.

6.4. Change of Bond Trustee

6.4.1. Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 5. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

6.4.2.

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 4.9, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach o f the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

6.4.3.

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms o f this Bond Agreement.

LJ9877I,,V I 30.04.09 505587*001

7. General provisions

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

7.1. The Bondholders' community
7.1.1. Through their subscription, purchase or other transfer o f Bonds, the Bondholders will be deemed to have acceded to this Bond Agreement and hereby accept that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms o f this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community. 7.1.2. This Bond Agreement shall be publicly available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer.
7.2. Dispute resolution and legal venue
7.2.1. Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Bond Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo District Court.
7.3. Amendments
7.3.1. Amendments of this Bond Agreement may only be made with the approval of the parties to this Agreement, with the exception o f amendments as set forth under Clause 6.1.8.
7.4. Contact information'
7.4.1. The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of any changes in its postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

L_89S771_V1 30.04.09 505587-001

