NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the Bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 069795.6 - FRN Atlantic Offshore AS Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2013/2018
Oslo, 22 September 2015
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
Nordic Trustee ASA acts as trustee (the "Trustee") for the holders of the bonds (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue ISIN NO 001 069795.6 (with total outstanding amount of NOK 500 million) (the "Bond Issue" or the "Bonds") issued by Atlantic Offshore AS (the "Issuer" or the "Company").
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 11 December 2013 and made between the Trustee and the Issuer (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein. References to Clauses and paragraphs are references to Clauses and paragraphs in the Bond Agreement.
The information in this summons regarding the legal, operational and financial status o f the Issuer is provided by the Issuer. The Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever related to such information given from the Issuer.
1. BACKGROUND
The Company issued the Bonds in December 2013, which was the third bond issue by the Company. In connection with the Bond Issue, the Company summoned to a bondholders' meeting with the purpose of aligning the financial covenants with the nature of the Company's business introducing inter alia the Market Value Adjusted Equity Ratio covenant.
Since the Bond Issue, the Company has taken delivery of five newbuilds, all being on long-term contracts to oil majors (Shell, Total and Statoil), with the last vessel delivered in May 2015.
The Company currently has a contractual coverage of approximately 73%' for the 12 months beginning in the third quarter 2015 and throughout the second quarter of 2016, excluding options. The value of the Company's firm contracts is approximately NOK 2.36 billion plus options of approximately NOK 2.15 billion, in total equivalent to more than six times 2014 revenues. The revenues from firm contracts for 2016 covers estimated full opex and interest cost for the entire fleet.

1Assuming scrap or sale of Ocean Clever and Ocean Sky
1
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

Aug-15

Feb-16

CONTRACT OVERVIEW1

Aug-16

Feb-17

Aug-17

Feb-18

Aug-18

 Firm contracts  Options
1Ocean Clever and Ocean Sky are duefo r scrap or sale and Ocean S u rfand Ocean Scout are in lay-up
Contractual coverage is 66% for 2016 and 62% for 2017. The Company is actively pursuing contract extensions and new contracts for MRVs coming off contracts.
The Company has year-to-date further sold three older vessels and repaid the bonds ATOFFOl and ATOFF02 (with an aggregated original amount ofNOK 350 million) in March and June 2015 respectively.
Currency volatility and energy market downturn With the Company's reporting currency being NOK, and several vessels having revenues and financing in USD and GBP, the Company is exposed to the volatility of NOK/USD and NOK/GBP. As the revenue and the financing are in the same currency, the Company enjoys from a natural hedge. However, volatility in the exchange rates may have severe impact on the Company's balance sheet as the value of foreign currency debt is adjusted quarterly with movements in foreign exchange rates. The Company's strategy has been to use foreign currency debt only for vessels with charter contracts payable in the same currency, as a mean to hedge against changes in currency exchange rates. However, the changes to the value of the charter contracts are not reflected in the balance sheet and will rather be reflected in the Company's earnings over the term of the contracts.
With the recent weakening in the NOK, the book value of the Company's debt has increased, which in turn has affected the Company's ability to comply with the financial covenant Market Adjusted Equity Ratio of the Bond Agreement. Unrealized currency loss since the Bond Issue totals approximately NOK 96 million which is estimated to impact the Market Adjusted Equity Ratio with a decrease of around 3 percentage points.
This reflects the increased NOK amount payable over the course o f the GBP and USD debt facilities relating to vessels operating on GBP and USD charter contracts, and the Company expects that the use of GBP and USD debt leaves the Company relatively neutral to changes in currency exchange rates over the life span of the vessels.
2

Furthermore, the global downturn in the energy space combined with the weak outlook of the oil services industry have led to market values for the Company's assets being impaired.
Market Update The offshore market is weak. The ERRV (Emergency Rescue and Response Vessel) business of the Company comprised approximately 75% of the Company's revenues in 2014. As ERRVs are mandatory by law on offshore operations and the majority of the fleet is on long-term contracts, this segment is less sensitive to changes. However, there is a certain impact from the general decline in offshore activity. The Company has responded to this by selling off three of its oldest vessels earlier than previously anticipated, in order to optimize its fleet.
The Company's PSV segment comprised approximately 25% of the Company's revenues in 2014. The PSV market segment has weakened significantly and is expected to remain weak for some time. The Company does however have three of five PSVs on multi-year contracts with Statoil and Wintershall, and the impact on earnings is as such limited to two PSVs. These vessels had negative contribution the last year and have now been laid up from 2Q 2015. The market value assessments of all vessels are on "a charter-free basis" and therefore reduced irrespective of contract status.
The Company has secured contracts for four vessels during the first half of 2015, at lower however still satisfactory rates.
The Board of Directors of the Company has initiated a strategic review of the Company. Alpha Coiporate Finance has been appointed as advisor and will assist in an evaluation of strategic avenues open to the Company with the aim to increase equity and/or a possible strategic sale.
Waiver As at the Quarter Date in June 2015, the Market Adjusted Equity Ratio was 15.5%, and the Issuer was consequently in breach of Clause 13.4 (e) (a) o f the Bond Agreement.
The Issuer thus requests the Bondholders' for a temporary waiver of the financial covenant Market Adjusted Equity Ratio, so that the next measurement will be at the latest on 28 Februaiy 2016, based on preliminary 4Q 2015 balance sheet (adjusted for any new equity or sale of vessels occurring between the balance sheet date and the reporting date).
Other undertakings The main and controlling shareholder, 0greid Eiendom AS ("0greid"), has committed to (i) procure that approximately NOK 53 million of existing shareholder loans shall be converted to equity in the Company no later than 31 October 2015, and (ii) invest up to NOK 25 million in new equity, of which NOK 15 million is to be paid in cash no later than 31 October 2015 and NOK 10 million no later than on 31 March 2016. The equity increases will be carried out through private placements with preference for the existing shareholders to uphold their respective ownership interest.
Ogreid's commitment is subject to the Waiver being implemented as contemplated and no Event of Default (under the Bond Agreement) having occurred and being continuing on the above mentioned payment dates.
Furthermore, the Issuer undertakes to provide the Trustee with updates on its strategic processes. The contents of such updates shall be confidential. Such updates shall be given on 31 October 2015, 15 December 2015 and 31 January 2016.
The update shall contain a statement by the Issuer confirming that the strategic processes are still active involving relevant third parties. If such confirmation cannot be given, the Issuer undertakes to inform the market accordingly.
3

2. PROPOSAL
To enable the Issuer to make the proposed amendments to the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Trustee to summon a Bondholders' Meeting to consider the approval of the following proposed amendments (the "Proposal"):
2.1. Financial Covenants
Based on the background information set out above, the Issuer proposes to amend Clause 13.4 e) as highlighted below:
a) Market Adjusted Equity Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Market Adjusted Equity Ratio of:
(i) if the Contractual Coveragefo r thefleet is 60% or lower, minimum 30%; (ii) if the Contractual Coveragefo r thefleet is higher than 60%, minimum 25%; or (Hi) i f the Contractual Coveragefo r thefleet is higher than 70%, minimum 20%.
b) Interest Coverage Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group on a consolidated basis maintains an Interest Coverage Ratio o f minimum 2. Ox; and
c) Minimum Liquidity: From 1 January 2014, the Issuer shall ensure that the Group on a consolidated basis maintains liquidity o f minimum NOK 30 million.
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above financial covenants at all times (sa\>e for the Market Adjusted Equity Ratio which shall only apply from and including 28 February 2016), such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date and certified by the Issuer with each compliance certificate to the Trustee, the annual financial statement and quarterly financial statement on the relevant Reporting Date. All Financial Covenants shall be calculated on a consolidated basis fo r the Group during the lifetime o f the Bonds.
In conjunction with the deferred application o f the Market Adjusted Equity Ratio covenant until 28 February 2016 (as set out above), the Issuer undertakes to provide on the Reporting Date 28 February 2016, in addition to the Interim Accounts as per 31 December 2015, an unaudited balance sheet per 31 December 2015 adjusted for equity raisins and/or sale o f vessels occurring between 31 December 2015 and 28 February 2016 ("Pro Forma Interim Accounts").
The Issuer shall ensure that the Market Adjusted Equity Ratio covenant is complied with in the Pro Forma Interim Accounts.
***
Implementation of the Proposal is subject to, and will only be effective upon the following having taken place:
(i) the Proposal having been duly approved by the necessary 2/3 majority of Voting Bonds present at the Bondholders' Meeting, as per Clause 16.3.5 of the Bondholder Agreement;
(ii) an amended and restated Bond Agreement having been duly executed by the parties thereto;
(iii) written confirmation from the Issuer that same or similar waivers with its other lenders with respect to market adjusted equity ratio clauses in the Company's other financing agreements;
(iii) any legal opinion as may be reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in relation to the entiy into of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement; and

(iv) all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer having been duly made.
If these conditions are fulfilled, the Proposal will be implemented by way of an amended and restated Bond Agreement being entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer and other documentation as required in order to duly document the above amendments and any necessary ancillary amendments.
3. WAIVERS AND CONSENTS
As set out section 1, the Issuer acknowledges that an Event of Default needs to be waived by the Bondholders. Specifically, the Company proposes the following waiver (the "Waiver ").
For the period until the earlier o f (i) the date on which the Proposal is duly implemented and (ii) 15 October 2015, the Bondholders hereby waive any right to declare the Bonds to be in default and duefo r payment as a consequence o f any breach o f any o f the terms in Clause 13.4 (e) a) (Financial Covenants - Market Adjusted Equity Ratio).
As set out in section 1, the Issuer was in breach of the financial covenant "Market Adjusted Equity Ratio" on the reporting date falling on 31 August 2015.
4. WAIVER FEE
As a compensation to the Bondholders, the Issuer offers a one-time amendment fee of 0.50% (flat) of the face value of the respective Bondholders' holdings of the Bonds (the "Fee"). The Fee will be payable to the Bondholders, within ten (10) Business Days following the date on which the approval of the Proposal and the Waiver are obtained from the Bondholders, provided that a requisite majority of the Bondholders have approved the resolution as set out in section 6. The Fee will be payable to the Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository as o f end of business on the date of the Bondholders' Meeting.
5. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED AMENDMENTS
5.1. The Issuer's evaluation
In the opinion of the Issuer, the amendment and waiver will not impair the credit position of the Bondholders. This is mainly due to the already mentioned natural hedge of debt currencies against vessel earnings, and also the long-term nature of the Issuer's business, where asset play/sale of vessels is not a part of the commercial strategy.
The Issuer expects to obtain same or similar waivers with its other lenders, and the effectuation of a market adjusted equity ratio (or similar type covenant) amendment with such lenders is a condition for implementation of the Proposal, as per above. The Company is further considering other amendments to its financing with the aim to improve the financial situation and increase financial flexibility. The progress of such will be reported in due course.
The Issuer has engaged Pareto Securities AS as the Issuer's financial advisor (the "Advisor") with respect to the Proposal. Accordingly, Bondholders may contact Pareto Securities AS Fixed Income Sales at +47 22 87 87 70 for further information.
The Advisor is acting solely for, and relying on information from, the Issuer in connection with the Proposal. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the Advisor with respect to the Issuer, and the Advisor does not assume any liability in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to the information contained herein).
5

5.2. Pre-acceptance from the Bondholders
Prior to this summons letter being distributed, the Issuer has informed the Trustee that they have received pre approval of the Proposal from the largest Bondholders in ISIN NO 001 069795.6.
5.3. The Trustee's disclaimer/non-reliance
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.
The information in this summons regarding the legal, operational and financial status o f the Issuer is provided by the Issuer. The Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever related to such information given from the Issuer.
6. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING:
Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:
Time: 6 October 2015 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time) Place: The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VIIs gate 1,0161 Oslo --6thfloor
Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Request for adoption of the proposal:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:
"The Bondholder's Meeting (i) approves the Proposal as described in section 2, and (ii) grants the Waiver with respect to any default or potential default as described in section 3 o f the summons to this Bondholders ' Meeting.
The Trustee is given the power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with decisions made by the Bondholders ' Meeting as well as carry out necessary completion work, including making necessary amendments to the Bond Agreement."
***
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favor of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Security Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof o f ownership o f the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered).
The individual bondholder may authorize the Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorizing the Trustee to vote, must then be
6

returned to the Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Trustee, to notify the Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (mail@nordictrustee.no) within 16:00 hours (4pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.

Yours Sincerely Nnrrlir Trustee ASA

Morten S. Bredesen

Enclosed:

Schedule 1: Bondholder's Form

7

