Term Sheet

ISIN: NO 001 0724370
Green Dragon Gas Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2017
(the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")
Settlement Date: 20 November 2014

Issuer:

Green Dragon Gas Ltd. (incorporated in Cayman Islands, company registration number MC-165014).

Guarantor:

Means Greka Exploration and Production Ltd (incorporated in Cayman Islands, company registration number IC-248305).

Group:

Means the Issuer and all its (directly or indirectly owned) Subsidiaries from time to time, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.

Material Subsidiaries:

Means Greka Gas China Ltd. (Cayman Islands); Greka Energy (International) B.V. (Netherlands); Greka Gas Distribution Limited (BVI); Zhenghzhou Greka Gas Co., Ltd. (PRC); and Ping Ding Shang Greka Gas Co., Ltd. (PRC) (each a "Material Subsidiary").

Currency:

USD

Issue Amount:

USD 88 million.

Coupon Rate:

10.00% p.a., semi-annual interest payments.

Issue price:

97.50% of par value.

Settlement Date:

20 November 2014. Notice is expected to be given to applicants that are allocated Bonds minimum two (2) banking days prior to the Settlement Date.

Final Maturity Date: 20 November 2017 (3 years after the Settlement Date).

First Interest Payment 20 May 2015 (6 months after the Settlement Date). Day:

Last Interest Payment 20 November 2017 (3 years after the Settlement Date). Day:

Interest Payments:

Interest on the Bonds will start to accrue on the Settlement Date and shall be payable semi-annually in arrear on the interest payment day in May and November each year (each an "Interest Payment Day"). Day-count fraction for coupon is "30/360", business day convention is "unadjusted" and business day is "Oslo and New York".

Redemption:

The Bonds shall be repaid in full at Final Maturity Date at 102% of par value together with accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds.

Nominal Value:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 100,000 each.

page 1

Minimum Subscription:

Minimum subscription amount and allotment shall be USD 200,000 and higher amounts may be subscribed for in integral multiples of USD 100,000 in excess thereof.

Purpose of the Bond Issue:

The net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of legal costs, fees of the Manager and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be applied (i) to fund Production Development Costs related to the GSS Block (as defined below), (ii) to repay the Mandolin Bonds (together with accrued interest and costs), and (iii) to fund general corporate and working capital requirements of the Group.

Status of the Bonds:

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer secured against the GGC Share Pledge (as provided for below) and to the extent of any deficiency such deficiency claim shall rank at least pari passu with all unsecured obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

Guarantee:

All amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Trustee and the bondholders, including but not limited to interest and expenses, shall be guaranteed by a Norwegian law unconditional and irrevocable corporate guarantee from the Guarantor.

Call Options (American):

The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (in whole or in parts) at any time from and including:

(i) the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day falling 12 months after the Settlement Date at a price equivalent to the sum of:

a) the present value on the relevant record date of 107% of par value as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Day falling 12 months after the Settlement Date; and

b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the Interest Payment Day falling 12 months after the Settlement Date,

both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable US Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the Interest Payment Day falling 12 months after the Settlement Date) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;

(ii) the Interest Payment Day falling 12 months after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day falling 18 months after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 107% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds);

(iii) the Interest Payment Day falling 18 months after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day falling 24 months after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 105% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds);

(iv) the Interest Payment Day falling 24 months after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day falling 30 months after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 103% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds); and

page 2

Mandolin Bonds:
PSC: GSS Block:
GSS PSC: Cooperation Agreement:
Framework Agreement:
Production Development Costs:
Security:

(v) the Interest Payment Day falling 30 months after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 102% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).
Means the secured bonds with principal amount of USD 35 million maturing December 2014 provided by Mandolin Capital Pte Ltd. to the Issuer pursuant to the subscription agreement dated 3 June 2013.
Means any production sharing contract.
Means the blocks covering 388 km2, contained within the GSS PSC, and located onshore China in the Qinshui Basin in Shanxi Province. The blocks are operated by the Issuer, who holds a 60% participating interest, with an option to increase to 70%, as of the date hereof.
Means the PSC containing the GSS Block and the GCZ Block.
Means the Cooperation Agreement related to GCZ Block between China National Petroleum Corporation and Greka Energy (International) B.V. dated 8 August 2014. PetroChina, a subsidiary of China National Petroleum Corporation, and Greka Energy (International) B.V. shall perform the Cooperation Agreement.
Means the Framework Agreement related to five CBM blocks and including the GSS Block, between China United Coalbed Methane Corporation Ltd., a subsidiary of the China National Offshore Oil Corporation, and Greka Energy (International) B.V., a subsidiary of the Issuer, dated 31 March 2014.
Means capital costs relating to the development of production from any hydrocarbon asset recognized as either intangible or tangible assets according to IFRS, including without limitation the costs of production wells and facilities, and any other relevant facilities and infrastructure used for the extraction, production and transportation of oil and gas from the hydrocarbon asset.
For the avoidance of doubt, Production Development Costs do not include costs related to any exploration activities.
All amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Trustee and the bondholders, including, but not limited to principal, interest and expenses, shall be secured by:

 a first priority charge under Cayman Island law over all the Issuer's shares in Greka Gas China Ltd. (the "GGC Share Pledge") as soon as practical after the Mandolin Bond repayment on 3rd December 2014 and the release of such prior security.
The Security as provided under the GGC Share Pledge as described above should be referred to herein as the "Security Documents". The Security Documents shall rank with first priority.

Conditions Precedent: Pre-Settlement:
Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bond Issue (net of legal costs, fees of the Manager and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) from the Manager to the Issuer will be subject to the following conditions precedent:
a) the Bond Agreement duly executed; b) a drawdown notice in a pre-agreed form (to be attached to the Bond Agreement)
together with evidence satisfactory to the Trustee that the disbursed amount will

page 3

Issuer's General Undertakings:

be used in accordance with the purpose of the Bond; c) confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to
occur as a result of the issuance of the Bonds; d) an agreement between the Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees
duly executed; e) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer and the
Guarantor to execute the relevant Finance Documents; f) the Security Documents being in agreed form with execution and perfection as
above; g) any Subordination Agreements related to loans from a Group Company to the
Issuer or the Guarantor as referred to below being executed; and h) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Trustee in respect of the relevant
Finance Documents having been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee.
The Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of certain Conditions Precedent at its sole discretion.
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general undertakings:
a) Mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or such Group Company with any other company or entity not being a Group Company if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
b) De-mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or such other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
c) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.
d) Operations: The Issuer shall ensure that the operations of any Group Company are conducted in all material respects in compliance with laws and regulations applicable to the business of such Group Company.
e) Pari passu ranking: The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party shall be secured against the GGC Share Pledge (as provided for above) and to the extent of any deficiency such deficiency claim shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the unsecured obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
f) Insurances: The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Group Company will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters, or otherwise receive the benefit of adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as would normally be maintained by owners and/or operators owning similar assets
page 4

Issuer's Special Covenants:

to those owned by the relevant Group Company, in accordance with good industry practice in their relevant jurisdiction.
g) Arm's length transactions: The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any other Group Company to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any related third party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such other Group Company's business and upon fair and reasonable arm's length terms.
h) Intra-Group Loans: The Issuer shall ensure that any loans to the Issuer and/or to the Guarantor from any Group Company shall be subordinated to the Bonds and subject to a subordination and turnover agreement acceptable to the Trustee (the "Subordination Agreement"). For the avoidance of doubt, any such loan may be serviced only as long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and that the Issuer after such servicing is projected to have sufficient funds to meet its next two scheduled payment obligations under the Bond Agreement.
i) Reporting: The Issuer shall of its own accord make management and financial reports (semi-annually) available to the Trustee and on its web pages for public distribution not later than 180 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 90 days after the end of the subsequent six (6) months interim period (or such earlier date if needed in order to comply with any listing rules applicable to the Issuer). Such reports shall be prepared on a consolidated group basis in accordance with IFRS, and include an income statement, statement of financial position, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the board of directors. For the avoidance of doubt, the Group's normal external reporting under the United Kingdom Listing Authority listing rules will satisfy this requirement.
j) Anti corruption undertakings: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Bonds for any purpose which would breach the UK Bribery Act 2010 or other similar applicable legislation in other jurisdictions. The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each other Group Company will: (i) conduct its businesses in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, and (ii) maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed otherwise) comply with the following special covenants:
a) Dividend restrictions: The Issuer shall be permitted to declare and/or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares and/or make any loans and/or other equity or capital distributions and/or payments to its shareholders (including servicing of shareholder loans), whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect (a "Distribution"), provided that no Event of Default is outstanding or threatened the Liquidity is not less than USD 25 million and the Leverage Ratio is less than 1.50x tested pro forma for any Distribution to be made, which pro forma testing shall be made prior to making any such Distribution. Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer will not be permitted to make any Distribution prior to 31 December 2015.
b) Maintenance of ownership of the Guarantor and the Material Subsidiaries: The Issuer undertakes to maintain Decisive Influence of the Guarantor and the Material Subsidiaries.

page 5

c) Disposal of assets: The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company shall novate, transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of any working interest in any of the PSCs unless:
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iii) the Bonds are partially or fully redeemed to the extent required by the
Mandatory Prepayment provisions (as described below).
d) Financial Indebtedness restrictions: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (including guarantees) other than the Permitted Financial Indebtedness (as defined below).
e) Negative pledge: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall , create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance over any of its present or future respective assets (including shares in Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the Permitted Security (as defined below).
f) Financial Support restrictions: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of security) to or for the benefit of any third party or other Group Company other than:
(i) in relation to the Permitted Financial Indebtedness; and (ii) in relation to the Permitted Security.
h) Subsidiaries' distributions: The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Group Company to:
(i) pay dividends, service loans or make other distributions to its shareholders; (ii) service any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer or the Guarantor; (iii) make any loans to the Issuer or the Guarantor; or (iv) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer or the Guarantor;
if the creation of such contractual obligation is reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with any of its obligations under the Bond Agreement or the Guarantor from being able to pay its obligations under the Guarantee.
The restrictions provided for herein shall not apply for obligations undertaken by a Group Company related to Permitted Financial Indebtedness (other than a Reserve Based Lending Facility provided for in (iii) under "Permitted Financial Indebtedness" below).
i) No amendments to GSS PSC, the Framework Agreement and the Cooperation Agreement: The Issuer shall not and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, make any amendments to the GSS PSC, the Framework Agreement, the Cooperation Agreement or any other material agreements if such amendments would have a Material Adverse Effect.
j) Hedging policy: The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall enter into hedging arrangements for speculative purposes.
k) Corporate Status: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that neither the Material Subsidiaries nor the Guarantor shall, change its type of organization or
page 6

Guarantor's Special Undertakings: Permitted Financial Indebtedness:
Permitted Security:

jurisdiction of incorporation. The Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company will change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation if such change would have a Material Adverse Effect.
i) PSC Cancellation Event: The Issuer shall promptly inform the Trustee of any PSC Cancellation Event (as defined below) and whether such PSC Cancellation Event would have a Material Adverse Effect and whether such PSC Cancellation Event would constitute an Event of Default (as described below), and the Trustee shall notify the bondholders of such PSC Cancellation Event.
The Guarantee shall include standard undertakings provided by the Guarantor, including to mirror the undertakings by the Issuer set out above.
Means: (i) The Bond Issue; (ii) Until 3rd December 2014 any amount outstanding under the Mandolin Bonds; (iii) the outstanding USD 50 million 7% Convertible Bond provided by GIC maturing
June 2017; (iv) any Reserve Based Lending Facility or any working capital facility provided by one
or more Acceptable Banks; (v) any senior unsecured bond issued by the Issuer with (i) no amortization and with
maturity date after the Final Maturity Date of the Bonds, (ii) terms not materially more favourable than the Bonds, and (iii) without any Financial Support from any other Group Company than the Guarantor; (vi) any guarantee issued (to governments and other third parties) in the ordinary course of business (where guarantees may include performance bonds, standby or documentary letters of credit or other instruments issued by a bank or financial institution and counter-indemnity obligations related thereto); (vii) any Financial Indebtedness under any hedging arrangements entered into on market terms and as part of the ordinary course of business of any Group Company and for non-speculative purposes; (viii)any Financial Indebtedness under finance or capital leases of vehicles, equipment or computers incurred by any Group Company in the ordinary course of business; (ix) any Intra-Group Loans from any Group Company to another Group Company in the ordinary course of business; (x) any refinancing of the Permitted Financial Indebtedness, except for (ii) above; and (xi) Financial Indebtedness in the ordinary course of business not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the outstanding principal amount of which does not exceed USD 25 million (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate for the Group at any time.
Means: (i) Security granted in relation to the Permitted Financial Indebtedness paragraphs
(ii), (iv), (vi), (vii), and with the exception of (ii), and any refinancing thereof; (ii) Security granted in relation to this Bond Issue; (iii) any lien arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business; (iv) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any Group Company in the
ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of members of the Group (if applicable); (v) any Security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to any Group Company in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by any such Group Company; and (vi) any cash collateral for existing and future letters of credit relating to exploration,

page 7

appraisal, field developments, operations and decommissioning.

Financial Covenants:

The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants during the term of the Bond Issue:
a) Equity Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Equity Ratio of minimum 45%.
b) Interest Coverage Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Interest Coverage Ratio of not less than 2.00x as of 31 December 2015, 3.00x as of 30 June 2016; and 4.00x any time thereafter.

Equity Cure:

c) Leverage Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Leverage Ratio not exceeding 3.50x as of 31 December 2015, 3.25x as of 30 June 2016; and 3.00x any time thereafter.
d) Minimum Liquidity: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Liquidity of minimum USD 20 million.
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above Financial Covenants at all times, such compliance shall be measured by reference to the annual financial statements and the semi-annual financial statements, as the case may be, and certified by way of a compliance certificate provided by the Issuer in writing to the Trustee in connection with its publication of the financial statements. The Financial Covenants shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group.
If the Issuer fails (or would otherwise fail) to comply with any Financial Covenant for any Measurement Period, and the Issuer receives cash proceeds in the form of new equity (the "Cure Amount") prior to the delivery of the compliance certificate for such Measurement Period, then such Financial Covenant shall be recalculated after giving effect to the following pro forma adjustments:

(i) Equity Ratio: Total Equity and Total Assets shall each be increased by an amount equal to the Cure Amount;

(ii) Liquidity: Liquidity shall be increased by an amount equal to the Cure Amount;

(iii) Interest Coverage Ratio: the Cure Amount shall be deemed to have been deducted from Net Interest-Bearing Debt on the first day of the Measurement Period for which a cure is to be made and Net Interest Expense will be recalculated as if there had been a prepayment of the Bonds, for the Measurement Period and the following Measurement Period (in each case assuming that the prepayment has been made at the start of the first Measurement Period); and
(iv) Leverage: the Cure Amount shall be deducted from the calculation of Total Interest-Bearing Debt,

and if, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculations, the Issuer is in compliance with the requirements of all Financial Covenants, the Issuer shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of such Financial Covenants in such Measurement Period as though there had been no failure to comply with such requirement, and the applicable breach or default of such Financial Covenants which had occurred shall be deemed to have been cured.

The Equity Cure provison as described above, can only be applied upto a maximum of

page 8

Mandatory Prepayment Event: Mandatory Prepayment:
Definitions:

four (4) times during the lifetime of the Bonds.
Means if: (i) any (direct or indirect) ownership interest of the GSS PSC is sold or otherwise
disposed of in a single or a series of transactions and with net cash proceeds (after repayment of any relevant Financial Indebtedness pertaining to the relevant asset) exceeding USD 50 million (the "Redemption Amount"); or (ii) an Event of Default occurs and is continuing.
Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring (other than an Event of Default), the Issuer shall, on the earlier of (i) 60 days after the Mandatory Prepayment Event, and (ii) on or about the day the proceeds are received by the relevant Group Company following the Mandatory Prepayment Event, redeem a principal amount of Outstanding Bonds on a pro rata basis equivalent to the Redemption Amount at a redemption price as set out under the Call Options paragraph above (plus accrued interest on redeemed Bonds).
Upon an Event of Default, the Issuer shall, upon notice from the Trustee that the Outstanding Bonds are in default and due for immediate payment, as soon as possible redeem all Outstanding Bonds on a pro rata basis at the redemption prices set out above (plus accrued interest on redeemed Bonds).
For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption prices above shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date of repayment.
If a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurs which does not require the Issuer to redeem 100% of the Outstanding Bonds, each bondholder shall have the right to decline redemption of the Bonds. Any amount not applied for redemption of Bonds may be retained by the Group and applied for general corporate purposes.
"Acceptable Bank" means a bank or financial institution which has a rating for its long-term unsecured and non-credit-enhanced debt obligations of A- or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd or A3 or higher by Moody's Investors Service Limited or a comparable rating from an internationally recognized credit rating agency.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means on any date, the aggregate equivalent in USD on such date of the then current market value of: a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit
accounts with an Acceptable Bank; and b) time deposits with Acceptable Banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills
of exchange accepted, by an Acceptable Bank; in each case to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at the time and to which any Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to security.
"EBITDA" means the Group's aggregate earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (to be calculated on a 12-month rolling basis).
"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Total Equity to Total Assets.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person: a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of
that other person. When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person

page 9

or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Finance Document" means (i) the Bond Agreement; (ii) the Guarantee; (iii) the Security Documents; (iv) the fee agreement between the Issuer and the Trustee; (v) any Subordination Agreements related to intra-group loans to the Issuer or the
Guarantor; and (vi) any other document the Issuer and the Trustee designate as a Finance
Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: (i) moneys borrowed; (ii) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or
dematerialized equivalent; (iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds,
notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; (iv) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which
would, in accordance with IFRS applicable at the Settlement Date, be treated as finance or capital lease; (v) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold or discounted on a non-recourse basis); (vi) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) which is treated as a borrowing under IFRS; (vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account) or any arrangement for sale of call options or forward sale of oil or any similar arrangement or hedging arrangements for speculative purposes not covering genuine commercial exposure; (viii)any financial arrangement whereby any party is granted any right to a payment as a percentage or other proportion of a Group Company's present or future sales proceeds, income, earnings or revenue deriving directly or indirectly from any PSCs (whether secured or unsecured); and (ix) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (viii) above.
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and refers to the international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Interest Expense.
"Intra-Group Loans" means unsecured debt financing between any two Group Companies or between Group Company and the Issuer that is subordinated in right of payment to the Bonds, and does not provide for its acceleration or confer any right to declare any event of default prior to the Final Maturity Date.
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest-Bearing Debt to EBITDA.
"Liquidity" means the aggregate book value of the freely available and unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents.
page 10

Material Adverse Effect:
Change of Control Event:
Change of Control Clause: Event of Default:

"Measurement Period" means each period of 12 months ending on 30 June or 31 December in any year.
"Net Interest-Bearing Debt" means the sum of all interest-bearing Financial Indebtedness of the Group (on a consolidated basis) in accordance with IFRS, less free available and unencumbered Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"Net Interest Expense" means the aggregate gross cash interest costs of the Group related to the Group's interest bearing debt.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"PSC Cancellation Event" means if the GSS PSC is revoked, cancelled or terminated for any reason.
"Reserve Based Lending Facility" means a senior secured revolving debt facility that is structured against the cash flows of producing or development of CBM-related assets, on a single asset or portfolio basis.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity has Decisive Influence.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with IFRS.
"Total Equity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with IFRS.
Means an event or circumstance which has a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Group taken as a whole in the context of the Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with their respective obligations under the Finance Documents, or (b) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
Means: (i) if any person, or group of persons under the same Decisive Influence (other than
any person or person controlled directly or indirectly by Mr. Randeep S. Grewal, his immediate family and their respective heirs and successors, including trusts or similar arrangements of which they are individual or collective beneficiaries), obtains Decisive Influence over the Issuer; or (ii) a de-listing of the Issuer's shares from the Alternate Investment Market (AIM) of the London Stock Exchange or London Stock Exchange if applicable that does not occur in connection with a listing of the Issuer's shares on another internationally recognized stock exchange.
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each bondholder shall have a right of prepayment (a "Put Option") of the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 calendar days following the notice of a Change of Control Event.
The Bond Agreement shall include standard event of default provisions, as well as cross-default provision for the Issuer and any other Group Company on any single Financial Indebtedness in excess of USD 10 million.
A PSC Cancellation Event shall constitute an Event of Default unless such PSC

page 11

Cancellation Event is capable of being remedied and is remedied within 30 days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Trustee.

The Finance Documents will contain waterfall provisions in case of partial payments, i.e. first to cover costs, fees and expenses of the Trustee (the "Trustee Expenses") and thereafter any other outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents. In case the Issuer does not pay the Trustee for incurred fees, then the Trustee may seek funding of the Trustee Expenses from other sources, in which case such other sources will be subrogated into the position of the Trustee, but subordinate any further Trustee Expenses.

Approvals:

The Bonds have been issued in accordance with the Issuer's Board approval dated 13 November 2014.

Issuer's Ownership of The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's

Bonds:

discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Manager:

Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway.

Trustee:

Nordic Trustee ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo.

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.

Paying Agent:

DNB Bank ASA

Listing of Bonds:

The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Nordic ABM or any other recognized exchange.

Market Making:

No market-maker agreement has been made for this Bond Issue.

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with issuance of the Bonds, but not in respect of trading of the Bonds in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and the Issuer shall deduct before payment to the bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

If the Issuer is required by law to make a tax deduction or withholding from any payment under the Bond Agreement, the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required tax deduction or withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no tax deduction or withholding had been required.

If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of the Bond Agreement, and such withholding tax cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value, plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Trustee at least 30 days prior to the settlement date of the call, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.

Bond Agreement:

The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative, and it shall be based on the Norwegian standard modified to reflect the terms hereof.

The Bond Agreement shall regulate the bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and

page 12

the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail. The Bond Agreement shall include provisions whereby repayment of principal amount upon default shall be equal to the Mandatory Prepayment prices provided above.
The applicant is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement. Although minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur, the provisions in the Bond Agreement will be substantially consistent with those set forth in this Term Sheet.

Terms of Subscription:

Any applicant of the Bonds specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders, who will execute and deliver Application Forms prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the applicants, such that they thereby will become bound by the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that by virtue of being registered as a bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the bondholders will be bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer.

Eligible Purchasers:

The Bonds shall only be offered to non-"U.S. persons" in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of Rule 902 of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act. In addition to the application form that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The distribution of the Bonds in Canada in the Provinces of Alberta, British Columbia, Ontario and Quebec (the "Private Placement Provinces") is being made only on a private placement basis and is exempt from the requirement that the Issuer prepares and files a prospectus with the securities regulatory authorities in the Private Placement Provinces. The Bond Agreement will contain customary terms and provisions for a U.S. Rule 144A or Regulation S placement. No invitation whether directly or indirectly may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Bonds.

Transfer Restrictions:

Bondholders will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) an offshore transaction in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, including, in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act, including Rule 144 there under (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the Settlement Date.

Subject to:

The issuance of the Bonds shall be subject to finalized bond issue documentation and approval of such documentation by the Issuer and the Trustee.

Oslo, 13 November 2014

Green Dragon Gas Ltd. As Issuer

page 13

Pareto Securities AS As Sole Manager
page 14

