NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA på telefon +47 22 87 94 00.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001035264.4 - FRN Petrorig III Pte Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2014
Oslo, February 25, 2009
Proposal to amend Bond Loan Agreement - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. BACKGROUND
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM" / "Norsk Tillitsmann" / "Loan Trustee") acts as trustee for the holders of bonds (the "Bonds") in the above-mentioned loan (the "Bond Loan") with ISIN NO 001035264.4 where Petrorig III Pte Ltd ("Petrorig III" / the "Company") is the borrower.
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement related to the Bond Loan (the "Bond Loan Agreement") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
The Borrower is calling for the Bondholders' meeting in the Bond Loan.
Furthermore, pursuant to the Bond Agreements, a Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the outstanding Bonds. NTM has received such request from Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch ("Requesting Bondholder") as a holder of minimum 1/10 of the Bonds. This summons is based on the jointly request from the Company and the Requesting Bondholder.
In addition to this summons letter, the parent company Petromena ASA ("Petromena") distributed a financial and operational company update (the "Company Update") on 19 December 2008 through Oslo Stock Exchange's NewsWeb1. Bondholders are encouraged to read both documents.
The information herein regarding the legal, operational and financial status o f the Company is provided by the Company. The Loan Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever in connection with such information givenfrom the Company.
Petrorig III has one drilling rig under construction at Jurong Shipyard in Singapore, due for delivery in January 2010. The unit has secured a drilling contract with Pemex, and in early February 2009, Larsen Oil & Gas, as business manager for the Company, received

47 22 87 94 00

P.O .BO X 1 4 7 0 VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LOCATION

HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

fax · +47 22 87 94 10

org.nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail · mail@trustee.no
1

» N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

a conditional offer (MOU) of approximately USD 540 million for the Company's drilling rig (described in further details in section 3 herein).
Petromena has, through its subsidiaries Petrorig I Pte Ltd, Petrorig II Pte Ltd and Petrorig III Pte Ltd (the "Singapore Subsidiaries") three ultra deepwater drilling units ("Rig 1, Rig 2 and Rig 3") under construction at Jurong Shipyard in Singapore. The rigs have expected delivery dates at 30th April 2009, 30th September 2009 and 31st January 2010 respectively.
Rig 1 and Rig 2 are included in the security package for the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue, while i.a. the shares in the Singapore Subsidiaries are included in the security package for the USDm 264 Bond Issue. In addition, the Group owns one operating drilling rig ("SS Petrolia") through its subsidiary Petromena Limited, which is also included in the security package for the USDm 264 Bond Issue. Rig 3 is included in the security package for the Bond Loan by i.a. the Temporarily First Assignment of Construction Contract (pre delivery) and the Second Mortgage and the Second Assignment of Insurance (post delivery). All four rigs owned by Petromena have secured time charter contracts with either Petrobras or Pemex, with a total value of USD 2,556 million.
The figure below gives an overview of Petromena with subsidiaries (the "Group"), including the Company.

P etrom ena A SA
D ebt: NOKm 2,000 bond USDm 264 bond

Management services according to management agreement w ith LOG

100%

100%

P e t r o r ig I P te L td P e t r o r ig II P te L td

100%
P e tro rig III P te Ltd D ebt: N O Km 1,600 bond

Owner of Rig 1

Owner of Rig 2

Owner of Rig 3

100%
P e tro m e n a Ltd
Owner of SS Petrolia

Funding situation for the Company and the Group In order to complete the construction, commissioning and mobilization of Rig 3, the Company has remaining capital needs of approximately USD 314 million in total.
In late 2007, the Company secured a USD 200 million bank loan facility for Rig 3 from Lloyds TSB Bank, equaling the maximum amount of first priority debt (the "Better Priority Debt") allowed under the Bond Loan Agreement. The finalization of this loan facility presupposes i.a. finalization of an inter-creditor agreement with the Loan Trustee, such finalization yet to occur. However, the currently undrawn USD 200 million credit facility will not be sufficient to fully fund Rig 3 as there is a funding gap of approximately USD 114 million in order to bring the unit into operation.
Petromena has similar capital requirements related to Rig 1 and Rig 2 as for Rig 3. The Group has over time explored various alternatives to meet this funding requirement. The bank financing market has been extremely tight for months, as banks are generally

2

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

unable or unwilling to assume new commitments. Petromena has, however, received a commitment letter and a term sheet from Lloyds TSB Bank for USD 200 million out of a USD 300 million 1st lien bank facility structure for Rig 1. On the basis of the commitment by Lloyds TSB Bank, Petromena is working with another bank to provide a commitment for the remaining USD 100 million, under the same, or substantially the same, terms and conditions as provided by Lloyds TSB Bank. As a precondition for providing the new facility, Lloyds TSB Bank has demanded that that the bank is released from the previous facilities related to the rigs, USD 200 million for each of the three rigs. Accordingly, if the new bank facility is implemented, the Group will have a funding gap of approximately USD 300 million with respect to each of Rig 2 and Rig 3.
Petromena is of the opinion that it is a preferred alternative to fund and finalize Rig 1 separately on the terms indicated from the banks, while actively seeking to sell or raise necessary financing for Rig 2 and Rig 3.
So far, USD 122 million of equity and NOK 1,600 million from the Bond Loan has been raised by the Company in order to fund Rig 3. This has been employed to fund yard installments and other project related costs. The newly revised contractual payment schedule to Jurong Shipyard for Rig 3 is shown below:

Payment date 25 January 2007 (contract signing) 30 April 2007 31 Jan u ary 20 0 8 31 Ja n u a ry 2 0 1 0 (delivery) Total yard payments

Am ount (USDin) 79 79
105 270 533

Note: The original USD 105 million installment o f 31 January 2009 has been postponed to delivery date, on which it is payable together with the original delivery installment o f USD 157 million. The interest on the postponed amount is 8% p.a.

Jurong Shipyard has been very flexible to postpone the original January 2009 installment of USD 105 million to delivery date, as funding of this installment has been challenging for the Company. Consequently, there are no significant funding needs related to Rig 3 before the mobilization of Rig 3 in December 2009 and USD 270 million at delivery of the rig in January 2010.

In the Bond Loan Agreement, the Company is required to raise USD 50 million of equity, to be utilized to the construction of Rig 3, within 20 February 2009. As the Company doesn't need any additional funding until mobilization of Rig 3 is expected to commence in December 2009, the Company will propose that the additional equity requirement is postponed.

Various outcomes o f the proposed amendments In the Company's opinion, it is very important that all Bondholders realize the consequences of the two possible outcomes of the Bondholders meetings, namely approval or not approval of the proposed amendments. If the proposed amendments are accepted, the Company will most likely have time to conclude a sale of Rig 3.

3

N O R SK TIL L IT SM A N N ASA
If the proposed amendments are not accepted, the Company will be in breach with the Bond Loan Agreement. If a default is triggered under the Bond Loan Agreement and the Bondholders accelerate the Bond Loan and claim repayment of the total outstanding amount, the Company will be unable to pay its debt at that time and may be insolvent. Either of this scenario is a purchaser's default (as defined in the construction contract) under of the construction contract, thereby entitling the yard to immediately terminate the construction contract by written notice to the Company, notwithstanding the fact that the yard has agreed to postpone the January 2009 installment to the delivery date in 2010. If the Company defaults under the construction contract with Jurong Shipyard, the yard has the right to initiate a sale of the rig. Under the construction contract between Petrorig III and Jurong Shipyard, the position is as follows: if Petrorig III defaults in making a yard installment and fails to take delivery of the rig or if it is insolvent or is unable to pay its debt or if winding up proceedings are commenced against it:
Jurong shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to terminate the construction contract by giving written notice to the Petrorig III. If the construction contract is terminated in accordance with this provision, (i) Jurong shall cease to be under any further obligation to construct and deliver the rig to Petrorig III, (ii) any purchaser's supplies installed onto the rig or in the custody of Jurong will become the property of Jurong, and if not yet built into or installed into Rig 3, may be sold by Jurong in accordance with the terms of the construction contract and (iii) any amounts paid under the previous installments will be retained and applied towards the contract price due to Jurong.
Jurong has the right to sell the rig, whether in a completed state or in an incomplete state, at its option. If the proceeds from a sale exceed what is due to Jurong, the yard shall pay such excess amount within 60 days of receipt of the same to Petrorig III, provided that such amount shall in no event exceed the total amount of the installments previously paid by Petrorig III and other monies of Petrorig III held by Jurong.
The remaining installment for Rig 3 is USD 270 million, payable at delivery. In addition the yard may claim coverage of costs. To summarize, if Petrorig III fails to take delivery of Rig 3, USD 270 million plus the yards cost and other claims will be covered before any proceeds fall to Petrorig III. The yard's duty under the construction contract is merely to obtain a "fair price" for Rig 3 using reasonable efforts.
Furthermore, the abovementioned MOU related to Rig 3 is also in danger of failing if the Bondholders do not approve the Proposal below.
If the Company is in breach with the Bond Loan Agreement, the Bondholders will be entitled to declare default of the Bond Loan. In such situation the Company will be insolvent. The market will probably anticipate that as a consequence of the insolvency the market will assume that the construction contract will be terminated by the yard. Alternatively the construction contract for the rig will be sold either by the creditors or
4

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
the bankruptcy estate. In any event this will have substantial negative influence on the sales negotiations with the potential buyers due to that the market will assume it will be possible to purchase the rig or the construction contract to a lower price at a later stage.
If the Company is in breach of the Bond Loan Agreement, this is likely to result in default and insolvency in Petrorig III. The new Lloyds TSB Bank facility says that a material adverse change in the financial position of any of the entities in the Group is a event of default under the loan agreement for such bank loan. This again will potentially lead to default of Petrorig I and the parent company Petromena ASA. Insolvency and default for the whole Group will lead to uncontrolled sale of assets and deterioration of assets values.
2. THE PROPOSED CHANGES IN THE BOND LOAN AGREEMENT:
The Company puts forward the proposal ("the "Proposal") below for the Bond Loan Agreement.
2.1. Postponement o f USD 50 million o f additional equity The Company is proposing to postpone the required USD 50 million of additional equity (Fourth Equity Amount) from 20 February 2009 to 31 December 2009.
2.1.1. Improved security package on second priority
As part of the amendment proposal, Petromena will propose that the security package for the Bond Loan is improved to reflect the security package for the Better Priority Debt to the extent possible, however ranking with second priority in all relevant assets behind the Better Priority Security.
The current security under the Bond Loan is as follows:
Escrow Accounts Pledge, Temporary First Assignment of Construction Contract in respect of the construction contract for Rig 3 (pre delivery) and Second Mortgage and Second Assignment of Insurance (post delivery). All security ranks presently with first priority, however (other than the Escrow Accounts Pledge) to rank with second priority after the Better Priority Security.
The following security package in favor of the Loan Trustee is proposed (all other than the Escrow Accounts Pledge ranking with second priority after the Better Priority Security):
(i) Escrow Accounts Pledge issued by Petrorig III Pte Ltd in favor of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (remain unchanged),
(ii) Temporarily First Assignment of Construction Contracts in Rig 3 issued by the Borrower in favor of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (pre-delivery - remain unchanged),

N O R SK T ILLITSM A N N ASA
(iii) Second Mortgage to be issued by the Borrower against Rig 3 in favor of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (post delivery - remain unchanged),
(iv) Second Assignment of Insurance to be issued by the Borrower against insurances related to Rig 3 in favor of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (post delivery remain unchanged),
(v) Assignment of earnings and accounts and other rights and security assets in respect of Rig 3 similar to the security for the Better Priority Debt but on second priority (new security).
Please observe that the security improvement for the Bond Loan Agreement is subject to an inter-creditor agreement being entered into between the Loan Trustee (representing the bondholders) and the lenders under the Better Priority Debt; such inter-creditor agreement to be on terms and conditions customary for a first priority lender and security holder in international finance transactions, reflecting the waterfall structure.
2.1.2. Introduce a USD tranche in the Bond Loan The Company has a significant unrealized FX profit (agio) related to the Bond Loan. Compared to the issue date, the unrealized profit is approximately USD 30 million related to the Bond Loan. The Company therefore proposes to establish a USD tranche under the Bond Loan Agreement with similar terms as the existing NOK tranche except for denomination in USD, a 50 bps higher margin on the coupon rate and a new ISIN (i.e. same payment date, same security package, etc.). The NOK tranche will be written down by the amount that accepts the voluntary transfer to the USD tranche. The LOT size in the USD tranche will be USD 100,000, and the amount that each bondholder switch into the new tranche will be rounded to the nearest LOT size.
If approved by the Bondholders' meeting, those Bondholders who (on a voluntary basis) want to switch into a USD tranche may do so on the banking day falling 10 banking days after the amendments in the Proposal being effective at the valid rate of exchange on such date. This should be positive for all investors who prefer USD exposure. The voluntary offer to conversion into a USD tranche will be carried out through an offer where the Bondholder accept to sell its currents holdings of the NOK tranche to the Borrower at par plus accrued interest and buy new USD Bond at par (plus accrued interest - i.e. interest on the USD tranche will commence from and including the previous interest payment date on the NOK tranche).
2.1.3. Sale o f a rig The Company has appointed an internationally recognized rig broker (the "Rig Broker") for the purpose of marketing for sale (the "Sale") of Rig 3 owned by the Company or the construction projects relating thereto. The Rig Broker is currently working on a MOU related to Rig 3. The Sale shall be performed in accordance with the following principles:
(i) The Rig Broker's mandate shall be to obtain the maximum purchase price possible for Rig 3 taking into consideration the status of construction or
6

N O R SK TIL L IT SM A N N ASA

operation of Rig 3 and any on-going obligations with respect to construction of Rig 3.

(ii) The Sale shall be performed as part of the Borrower's ordinary course of business without the Sale as such having the effect of reducing the value of Rig 3. The method of sale shall be chosen with a view to achieving full redemption of the relevant bond loans within the Group according to the respective loan agreements as soon as commercially practicable.

(iii) Save as set out in this summons, the pursuit of a Sale shall not imply a default under or breach of any agreement to which the Borrower or any company in the Borrower's group is a party.

2.1.4. Approval

No Sale of Rig 3 may take place without the prior approval of a Bondholder meeting unless the sale process is sufficient to repay the relevant bond loans together with costs in accordance with the mandatory redemption clauses in the respective loan agreements. Any Bondholder meeting to approve such a transaction must be held on at least 10 Banking Days notice (unless the Trustee consents to a shorter period). The meeting summons to approve such sale must set out in reasonable detail all relevant terms of the proposed sale including (without limitation): (i) price (ii) any conditions (iii) funding arrangements (iv) identity of purchaser and (v) timing; save as the potential buyer has accepted such disclosure.

2.1.5. Exchange o f information The parties' obligation to exchange information and to forward information to the Bondholders in accordance with the Loan Agreement shall always be subject to applicable law, including rules and regulations governing inside information related to listed companies. To the extent the Bondholders' consent is required under this Bond Loan Agreement, such consent shall be obtained on the basis of such applicable law, including rules and regulations on non disclosure and on trade of securities, including shares and Bonds.

2.1.6. Engagement o f Financial Adviser If deemed necessary by the Loan Trustee, the Loan Trustee shall be entitled to immediately appoint a financial adviser to conduct a business due diligence of the Company and the construction project for Rig 3 (the "Financial Adviser"). The Company understands that the Bondholders want to engage AMA Capital Partners ("AMA") as their Financial Adviser. The Company is positive to the Loan Trustee engaging AMA.

The key terms of the engagement of the Financial Adviser shall include the following:

(i)

The Financial Adviser shall be engaged by the Loan Trustee (for and on behalf

of the Bondholders in all the Bond Loans in the Group).

(ii) The Financial Adviser shall be given full access to information and co operation by the Borrower and any member of the Group on all matters relating

7

NO RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
to the financial condition of the Group and the rigs within the Group, subject however to art. 2.1.4 above.
(iii) The fees of the Financial Adviser shall be met by the Borrower and the Bondholders. The Borrower will cover monthly fees of up to USD 70,000 in aggregate for the bond loans within the Petromena Group for a minimum of 2 months + cost cover for travel and other reasonable and documented business expenses incurred, while the Bondholders will cover any agreed success fees deducted from any proceeds made to bondholders. The Loan Trustee shall negotiate the success fee with the Financial Adviser.
2.1.7. Engagement of Legal Adviser If deemed necessary by the Loan Trustee, the Loan Trustee shall be entitled to appoint and engage (on behalf of the bondholders in all the bond loans within the Petromena Group) a legal adviser to conduct a legal due diligence of the Company and the construction projects for the Units (the "Legal Adviser"). The Legal Adviser shall be given full access to information and co-operation by the Borrower on all matters relating to the financial condition of the Borrower, subject however to art. 2.1.4 above. The reasonable and documented fees of the Advisers shall be met by the Borrower. The Company understands that the Bondholders want to engage Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP ("Bingham") as their legal adviser. The Company is positive to the Loan Trustee engaging Bingham.
2.1.8. Events o f Default Each of the following will constitute an Event of Default under the Loan Agreement:
(i) If the Financial Adviser (as defined herein) notifies the Loan Trustee that it has not been given adequate access to material information or co-operation by the Borrower or its subsidiaries within reasonable time and the Borrower is entitled to give such information under applicable law and that such breach is not remedied within seven days.
(ii) If the Company is notified in writing by the Loan Trustee that it is in material breach of any of its other obligations under this Proposal and that such breach is not remedied within seven days.
3. UPDATE ON THE COMPANY
Petromena has provided information regarding the operational and financial status of the Petromena Group in the Company Update distributed on 19 December 2009. Bondholders are encouraged to read this document.
Conditional offer (Memorandum of Understanding) for Rig 3 Larsen Oil & Gas as business manager for Petrorig III Pte Ltd has as a result of 2-3 months discussions, received a conditional offer (MOU) of approximately USD 540 million for Rig 3 (including the Pemex contract). The Company considers this to be very positive news for the Company.

N O R SK TILLITSM A N N ASA

Construction contract for Rig 3 The construction contract was signed 25 January 2007, and delivery shall take place before 31 January 2010. Total yard payments amount to USD 524 million. The yard payments and remaining funding needs are shown in section one and in this section three. Jurong Shipyard must pay a daily penalty of USD 145,555 in case of delayed delivery of more than 45 days after the contractual delivery date, limited to a maximum of 5 percent of the contract price.
Construction process for Rig 3 Rig 3 is at 53%complete and on schedule. The upper hull block fabrication progresses well and further major blocks assemblies are being made each month. The drill floor and lower derrick have been installed on the upper hull. Superstructure blocks are being fabricated and preassembled. Equipment deliveries are being received to schedule. The lower hull pontoons have been delivered from China and are being outfitted at the quayside at Jurong Shipyard. The lower hull columns are assembled ready for installing on the pontoons in early March. Mating of the lower and upper hull is scheduled for April. Contract delivery date for Rig 3 is 31 January 2010.
Drilling contract for Rig 3 Acting on behalf of Petrorig 111, LOG UK as supplier has entered into a lease agreement with Pemex regarding Rig 3. The gross value of the agreement is USD 942 million, and Pemex shall pay a mobilization fee of USD 34.5 million. The object is to charter Rig 3 for the purpose of operations in the Mexican waters in the GoM. The initial lease period is five years from January 2010.
Funding needs for Rig 3 The Company has raised USD 122.3 million of equity as well as NOK 1,600 million of bond loan in order to fund the construction of Rig 3. So far, the Company has had total CAPEX of approximately USD 344 million, while remaining costs are estimated to approximately USD 351 million. Current cash holding is USD 37.5, whereof NOK 246 million (USD 36 million) is on an escrow account that is pledged in favor of the Bond Loan. This amount will cover interest costs and all other project costs up until initial mobilization of the rig starts in December 2009. The table below summarizes all funding needs related to Rig 3, included interest costs, mobilization costs and yard supervision / management costs.

USDtn
P aid in rig costs Finance costs, rig supervision etc. Total cost pr. 31.12.08 Rem aining paym ents Total payments Cash today (04.02.09) Funding need

P e tr o r ig III 276.0 67.8 343.8 351.0 694.8 37.5
313.5
Company estimate

9

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
Financing o f Rig 3 As of today, the Company has remaining funding needs of approximately USD 314 million in order to get Rig 3 into operation. The Company's strategy is to fund this with minimum USD 50 million of equity and the remaining with debt. A likely scenario will be to raise USD 250 million of 1st lien debt. In such case the Company will need to ask the bondholders to increase the 1st lien carve-out from USD 200 million to USD 250 million. The Company will actively work with securing the financing going forward. Assuming that the new Lloyds facility comes into place on Rig 1, Lloyds TSB Bank will be released from its commitments on Rig 3.
4. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED CHANGES
The Company proposes to postpone the required USD 50 million of additional equity from 20 February 2009 to 31 December 2009. In relation thereto the Company also proposes certain amendments intended to otherwise improve the security package for the bondholders. Furthermore, the Company is offering the Bondholders to cover costs related to advisors, and the Company is committed to market Rig 3 for sale.
In the Company's opinion, the USD 50 million equity requirement is directly linked to the contractual USD 105 million yard installment due on 31 January 2009. The Company has managed to postpone this installment with 12 months through successful negotiations with Jurong Shipyard. Jurong Shipyard has demonstrated a great deal of flexibility and obligingness in this situation, realizing that there is no equity available in the current market. After Jurong Shipyard has given this postponement, the Company has no significant funding requirements up mobilization of Rig 3 starts, and the additional equity of USD 50 million is not needed for the time being. However, the Company is aware that there are significant funding needs prior to delivery of Rig 3. Simultaneously as the Company is working to sell Rig 3, the Company will also work intense in order to secure financing for this rig as soon as possible.
Taken into account today's challenging capital markets, NTM understands that the Company seeks to postpone both the yard installment and also the correspondingly additional equity requirement. Nevertheless, the Bondholders themselves must evaluate, based on all information given from the Company (including the MOU, the postponement of the yard instalment and the position of the yard in a default situation), whether the Proposal should be accepted.
It is recommended that the Bondholders consult with its own advisers as to the possible consequences (including tax) of the Proposals. All Bondholders must be aware that even if the Proposal is accepted, the Company still has challenges going forward and the Company might be unable to meet its commitments in the future.
For further information about the Group, please refer to the web site ~WTVw.petromena.no.
The Company has engaged Pareto Securities AS as the Company's financial advisor with respect to the Proposals. Bondholders may accordingly contact Pareto Securities Fixed Income Sales at +47 22 87 87 70 for further information. Pareto Securities AS is acting solely as advisor for the Company and no-one else in connection with the
10

N O RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
Proposals. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by Pareto Securities AS with respect to the Company and Pareto Securities expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposals (including but not limited to the information contained herein and in the Company Update).
5. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS
Based on the above information, Bondholders' meeting in the Loan is summoned:
Time: 11 March 2009 at 15:00 (Oslo time) Place: the premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VII's gate 1, Oslo (Norway)
Agenda:
Pursuant to the Bond Loan Agreement, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from NTM.
1. Approval of the summons
2. Approval of the agenda
3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman
4. Consent to partial redemption and release of security:
A. Proposed resolution The Bondholders meeting approved the amendments as described in Clause 2 herein.
B. Effectiveness and execution of the resolution:
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given the power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with decisions made by the Bondholders ' meeting as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including make other necessary amendments o f the Bond Loan Agreement and collect necessary legal opinions on the transaction and payment structure and the tax consequences thereof.
According to the Bond Loan Agreement, the abovementioned Proposal requires a qualified majority of 2/3 of the Loan represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favor of such proposals and a minimum 5/10 of the outstanding Bond Loan being represented at the meeting. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS -

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered). The individual Bondholder may authorize the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorizing Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Norsk Tillitsmann as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours Sincerely,
Enclosure: Appendix 1: VPS statement/Power of attorney form.
12

