ISIN: NO0010759392 (NOK Tranche) ISIN: NO0010759400 (SEK Tranche)
BOND AGRBBMENT
between
HILLEREN TOMTESELSKAP AS
(Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA
(Bond Trustee)
on behalf of
the Bondholders
in the bond issue
20 o/o Hilleren Tomteselskap AS Junior Secured Callable Bond Issue 201612017

TABLE OF'CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST
10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION 11 PAYMENTS T2 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLANEOUS

Nordic Trustee ASA
J1
l0
l1
11 11
t2 l4 t6 t7 t7 t9
20
2l
26 27 29 32 34

2

Nordic Trustee ASA

This agreement has been entered into on22 March 2016 between
(1) Hilleren Tomteselskap AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway, with
registration number 989 864 637, as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2)

Nordic Trustee ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1

Definitions

In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
o'Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Accounts" means the Escrow Accounts, the Interest Retention Accounts and the Operating Account.

"Additional Security" means
(a) a second priority pledge over the part of gnr. 128 bnr. 2 in the municipality
of Bergen, that is currently owned by the Issuer, in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(b) a second priority assignment in favour of the Bond Trustee of any future
building contract, related performance guarantees/performance bonds and warranties, and the refund guarantees issued by any contractors in favour of Issuer pursuant thereto; and
(c) a second priority assignment of any insurances related to the Properties and . (if any buildings) related thereto or the Issuer shall name the Bond Trustee as
co-insured to the relevant insurances.

'oAttachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
o'Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to time.

"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

J

Nordic Trustee ASA
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian and Swedish banks are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Norway and
Sweden.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made,
if notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and
such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case
may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No
Adjustments of Business Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means if and when any person or group of persons
acting in concert, directly or indirectly, other than the Parent, acquires Decisive Influence over the Issuer or the Parent.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or (b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of
directors ofthat other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
ooDefeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.1 (a).
"Disbursement Date" means the date when all conditions precedent documents set out in Clause 6.2have been delivered, and the cash from the Bond Issue are released from the Escrow Account.
"Escro\ü Accounts" means the accounts nominated in NOK and SEK respectively
in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on a first priority basis in favour of
the Bond Trustee as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledges" means the first priority pledge over the Issuers claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Escrow Accounts, where the bank operating the accounts has waived any setoff rights.
4

Nordic Trustee ASA

"Event of Default" mearts the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in
Clause 15.1.

"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.

"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause2.2
ooFinance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause I4.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any other document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, and (v) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed;

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or
dematerialized equivalent;

(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract
which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital
lease;

(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they
are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(Ð

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale

or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against
or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and

(h) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any
guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

5

Nordic Trustee ASA
'.GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting principles, practices and standards in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Hilleren Invest Loan Agreement" means any loan agreements from the Issuer (as lender) to Hilleren Invest AS (as borrower).
"Hilleren Invest Loan Assignment" means the second priority pledge over the
Issuers claim against Hilleren Invest AS for the amount from time to time outstanding under the Hilleren Invest Loan Agreement.
"Interest Payment Date" means March and September each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interest Retention Accounts" means the accounts nominated in NOK and SEK respectively in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority basis in favour of the Bond Trustee, to be applied for the interest payments on the NOK Tranche and SEK Tranche respectively, as set out in Clause 9.2 and where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Interest Retention Accounts Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuers claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Interest Retention Accounts, where the bank operating the accounts has waived any set-off rights.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated seml-
annual financial statements of the Issuer for the semi-annual period ending on 30 June each year, drawn up according to GAAP.
"Initial Exchange Ratio" means the official NOIISEK exchange reference rcte at
12:00 CET provided by the Central Bank of Norway on the Issue Date.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification
number of the Bond Issue.
o'Issue Date" means the 18] March 2016.
"Issuerts Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Land Mortgage" a second priority pledge over the Properties, save for part of gnr. 128 bnr. 2inthe municipality of Bergen.
"Liquidity" means, at any given time and on a consolidated basis, the aggregate
book value of the Group's freely available cash.
6

Nordic Trustee ASA
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, being Jool Markets AS, Bryggegata 14, N-0250 Oslo, Norway, with company registration number 982157
609.
"Mandatory Redemption Event" means an event where:
i) the Properties (in part or in whole) are sold or disposed of by the Issuer, or
ii) a Change of Control Event occurs and any loan amount is outstanding under
the Bond.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents
"Maturity D^te" means 18 September 2017 (18 months after Issue Date) or such extended Maturity Date as set out in Clause 10.1. Any adjustment will be made
according to the Business Day Convention.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful cutrency of Norway.
"NOK Tranche" means ISIN NO00I0759392
"Operating Account" means the operating account to be opened and maintained by the Issuer and in the name of the Issuer and pledged on a second priority basis in favour of the Bond Trustee as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance
Documents.
"Operating Account Pledge" means the second priority pledge over the Issuers claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Operating Account. o'Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Parent" means Dubo Eiendom AS (company registration number:999 330 142)
"Parent Loan Agreement" means any loan agreements from the Issuer (as lender) to the Parent (as borrower).
"Parent Loan Assignment" means the second priority pledge over the Issuers claim against the Parent for the amount from time to time outstanding under the Parent
Loan Agreement.
"Pîtty" means aparty to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and
permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
7

Nordic Trustee ASA

"Properties" means the following properties which Issuer owns and is titleholder to:

Ð Gnr. l29bnr.16 in the Municipality of Bergen, municipal number: 1201 ii) Gnr. 128 bnr. 69 in the Municipality of Bergen, municipal number: 1201

iii)Part (allotment) of the property gnr. I 28 bnr. 2 owned by the Issuer in the Municipality of Bergen, municipal number: 1201.

"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.

"SecuriQr" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar etfect.

"Security Agreement" means the security agreement to be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, wherein the issuer grants security over the Security
Interests.

"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating, granting or perfecting the Security Interests.

"Security Interests" means:

(i)

the Escrow Accounts Pledges;

(ii) the Hilleren Invest Loan Assignment;

(iiÐ the Parent Loan Assignment;

(iv) the Interest Retention Accounts Pledges;

(v) the Land Mortgage;

(vi) the Operating Account Pledge;

(vii) the Share Pledge; and

(x) the Additional Security.

ooSEK" means Swedish kroner, being the lawful currency of Sweden.

"SEK Tranche" means ISIN NO0010759400.

"Semi Annual Date" means each, 30 June and 3l December.

8

Nordic Trustee ASA

"Senior Bond" means the bond issues of up to NOK 105 million unsubordinated to the Bond Issue under this Agreement. The Senior Bond is issued in one NOK tranche (ISIN: NO 0010759376) and one SEK tranche (ISIN: NO 0010759400) .

"Share Pledge" means a second priority pledge over all (current and future) shares that the Parent owns (at any given time) in the Issuer and any current or future
Subsidiaries of the Issuer, that is to be released upon the redemption of the Bond (as further set out in the Security Agreement), including, inter alia and when relevant,
letters of resignation from all board members as well as covenant to obtain letters of
resignation from future board members, notwithstanding the above, the second priority pledge shall not include the Subordinated Convertible Loan Shares.

"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

Subordinate Convertible Loan" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.4.4.

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"Transaction Costs" means all costs and fees (including legal fees and other external fees) incurred by the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue.

1.2

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds, calculated in NOK equivalents, according to the Initial Exchange Rate.
Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease ofreference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;
(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;
(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(Ð

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived;

and

(e)

references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company,

corporation, govenìment, state or agency of a state or any association, trust,

joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate

legal personality).

9

Nordic Trustee ASA

2

The Bonds

2,7

Binding nature of this Bond Agreement

2.1.t

By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2 This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond
Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds. The NOK Tranche consists of a series of bonds at a maximum amount of NOK 28,200,000 (Norwegian kroner twenty-eight million two hundred thousand), with denominations of NOK 25,000. The SEK Tranche consists of a series of bonds at a maximum amount of SEK 16,800,000 (Swedish kroner sixteen million eight hundred thousand), with a
denominations of SEK 25,000.

The Face Value is NOK 25,000 for the NOK Tranche and SEK 25,000 for the SEK
Tranche.

The Bonds shall rankpari passu between themselves
The Bond Issue will be described as "20 % Hilleren Tomteselskap AS Junior
Secured Callable Bond Issue 201612017" .
The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be ISIN NO0010759392 (NOK Tranche) and ISIN NO0010759400 (SEK Tranche).

2.3

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.
Purpose and utilization
The net proceeds after, inter alia Transaction Costs, of the Bond Issue shall be
applied towards:

(i) repayment of a loan from DNB ASA amounting to approx. NOK 15,000,000;

(ii) repayment of a loan from DNB ASA amounting to approx. NOK 3,700,000;

(iii) repayment of a loan from DNB ASA amounting to approx. NOK 3,100,000;

(iv) funding of an intercompany loan from the Issuer to Hilleren Invest AS (company
registration number 988 387 924) ("Hilleren Invest") of approx. NOK 7,000,000, of
which the proceeds from the intercompany loan received by Hilleren Invest shall be
used to repay certain direct loans, lent to Hilleren Invest by certain investors;

10

Nordic Trustee ASA

(v) repayment of certain direct loans by certain investors amounting to approx NOK
61,000,000;

(vi) refinancing of certain direct loans by certain investors, administered by
Solmunde & Partners AS amounting to approximately NOK 11,358,000;

(vii) fund the NOK Interest Retention Account an amount equal to 12 months interest on the NOK Tranche, being with an aggregate amount of NOK 5,640,000.

(viii) fund the SEK Interest Retention Account an amount equal to 12 months
interest on the SEK Tranche, being with an aggregate amount of SEK 3,360,000.

(ix) any remaining amount shall be deposited into the Operating Account and used for general business pulposes.

3

Listing

3.1

The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on a regulated market or on Oslo

Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires.

3.2

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they

have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the

Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act

2002164) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made

and shall notiff the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions

of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.

The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is

under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities

Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the

Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may

be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s)

for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local

laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach

of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but

not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

11

Nordic Trustee ASA

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Settlement

6.1.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds (net of Transaction Costs) from the Bond Issue to
the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in the form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c)

a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their

execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant

register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation

to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

(d)

certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official

document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing

and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer;

(e) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(Ð

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of

the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus

directive (200317I EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(e)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond

Issue;

(h)

confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities

Depository;

(i)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

c)

copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or

made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond

Issue;

(k)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee

(including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions

related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance

Documents); and

(m)

establishment of the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including relevant notice as well as acknowledgement from the bank, (in the form set out in schedules 3 and 4 of the Security Agreement)).

I2

Nordic Trustee ASA

6.1.2 6.r.3
6.1.4
6.2
6.2.r

The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's wdtten notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent
are fulfilled.

On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.I.3, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

Pre-Disbursement

Disbursement from the Escrow Account to the Issuer is subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents customary for these type of transactions, including, but not limited to the documents listed below, in the form and substance satisfactory to it, prior to and at least before the Disbursement Date:

(Ð

a duly executed release notice, including use of funds according to

Clause 2.3 above ("Purpose andutilization), from the Issuer in the form

attached as Schedule 2 (Release Notice - Escrow Account);

(ii)

the agreement with the manager, the bond trustee and the issuer

regarding advisory services to be included;

(iiÐ

satisfactory evidence that the Subordinate Convertible Loan has been

paid to the Operating Account;

(iv)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Parent to

execute the Finance Documents;

(v)

a power of attorney from the Parent to relevant individuals for their

execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the

relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals'

authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Parent;

(vi)

certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar

official document for the Parent, evidencing that it is validly registered

and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Parent;

(vii)

all Security Documents (except for the Escrow Account Pledge and the

Security Documents relating to Additional Security in accordance with

Clause 6.3 below) being duly executed and perfected (or will promptly

be perfected upon release of funds from the Escrow Account), including

any notices, acknowledgements, consents, letters of resignation, shate

certificates and other ancillary documents as applicable;

(viii)

satisfactory evidence documenting the Subordinated Convertible Loan, including:

13

Nordic Trustee ASA

a.

a copy of the resolution made by the board of directors of the

Issuer approving the Subordinate Convertible Loan; and

b.

a copy of all subordinated convertible loan agreements

documenting the Subordinated Convertible Loan;

(ix)

confirmation from the Issuer that no building contracts and refund

guarantees or insurances exist;

(*)

any other Finance Documents (unless delivered in accordance with

Clause 6.1), and to the extent applicable, are in acceptable form and

duly executed;

("i)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond

Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and

opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the

Finance Documents).

6.2.2 Release of funds from the Escrow Account and anumber of intra-group transactions
will take place on the Disbursement Date, in accordance with the agreed settlement
procedure.

6.2.3 Subject to the delivery by the Issuer the documents set out in Clause 6.2.1 above in
the form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee shall
release the net proceeds from the Escrow Account to the Issuer. The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be applied by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 2.3.

6.2.4 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.2.

6.3

Condition Subsequent
The Issuer shall ensure that the Additional Security is pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee as soon as possible after the Disbursement Date.

7

Representations and'Warranties

7.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

7.1.1 Status
It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
7.1.2 Power and authority

T4

Nordic Trustee ASA

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated
by those Finance Documents.

7.1.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations,

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective
terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of
tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
7.1.4 Non-conflict with other obligattons

The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
7.I.5 No Event of Default

(Ð

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any

drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of,

or any transaction contemplated by any Finance Document.

(ii)

No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the

expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any

determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute)

a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other

agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or

to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is

likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.1.6 Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings,
notarizations or registrations required:
(Ð to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations
under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and

(ii)

to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this

Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.1.7 Litigation

15

Nordic Trustee ASA

No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before
any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a
Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
7.1.8 Financial Statements

Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
7.1.9 No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.1.10 No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.l.ll No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

7.1.12 Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank atleast pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1 .

7.1.13 Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution

date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date

and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1

The Bonds shall constitute junior debt obligations of the Issuer, being subordinated

to the Senior Bond. The Bonds shall rank atleast pari passu with all other

obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy,

insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank

ahead of subordinated debt, including the Subordinated Convertible Loan.

16

Nordic Trustee ASA

8.2

The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be

secured by the Security Interest.

9

Interest

9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the

Issue Date at a fixed rate of twelve per cent. (20 Vo) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2

Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year,

the first Interest Payment Date being 18 September 2016.

9.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest

Payment Date, and thereafter from, and including, that Interest Payment Date to, but

excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4

The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the

calculation of the payable interest amount shall be *301360", which means that the

number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made

divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360

days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is

the 3l't day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than

the 30th or 3l't day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day

shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the

calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month

of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be

calculated as follows:

Interest Amount

Face

X

Value

Fixed Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption
10.1 Maturity and extension of the Møturity Date
The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid atpar (100%) (plus
accrued interest on redeemed amount) by the Issuer.
The Issuer may request a 6 month extension of the Maturity Date, subject to written notice to the Trustee at least 15 business days prior to the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

t7

Nordic Trustee ASA

t0.2 Call Option
10.2.r The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole (all or nothing) as follows (a "Call Option"):
(i) with settlement date at any time from the date falling I year after the Issue
Date to, but not included, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 %io of par value þlus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
The applicable call price above shall be determined on the basis of the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.2

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date
of the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any
unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

t0.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change of control

10.3.1

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the
right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of
l0l% of par (plus accrued interest).

10.3.2

The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent
of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the fifth
Business Day after the end of the two month exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued
up to (but not including) the settlement date.

t0.4 Mandatory Redemption
Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event the Issuer shall, on the day it
receives the proceeds from the relevant Mandatory Redemption Event (however, no later than the date that the relevant asset is transferred to the new owner), redeem the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to I05Yo of par (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

18

Nordic Trustee ASA

1l Payments

11.1 Covenant to pay

I I .1.1

The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance
Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

.2 ll .l The covenant contained in Clause I I . I . 1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee
and the Bondholders.

ll.2 Payment mechanics

ll.2.l

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall
pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in
connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2 Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to
the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.
11.2.3 In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer, the
Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause ll.2.l
or 1I.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.
tI.2.4 Subject to Clause 1 1.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 1 1.2
shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 1 1 .1.1 .
11.3 Currency
I 1.3.1 The Bond has two currency tranches, one in SEK and one in NOK (the SEK Tranche
and the NOK Tranche).
I1.3.2 If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to
provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details.
Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the
account ofthe Issuer.
I1.3.3 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond
Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same crürency
Il as the Bonds are denominated in (SEK Tranche and NOK Tranche respectively).
however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause I 1.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged

t9

Nordic Trustee ASA

into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.4 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar
nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
ll.4 Set-off and counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

1 1.5 Interest in the event of late payment

I 1.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00%) per annum.

rr.5.2

The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

1 1.5.3

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause I 5. I . 1 , cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insuffrcient to
discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:
(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the
Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b)

secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid

under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority

of any kind; and

(c)

thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the

Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any

kind.

12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may atthe Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or
discharged.

20

Nordic Trustee ASA

13 Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1

The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 InformationCovenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a)

without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in

writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could

reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event

which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the

Issuer agrees to sell or dispose ofall or a substantial part ofits assets or

operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c)

without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements for the

Group in Norwegian and make them available to the Trustee and the

Bondholders (upon request) as soon as they become available and not later

than I20 days after the end of each financial year;

(d)

without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts for the Group in

Norwegian and make them available to the Trustee and to the Bondholders

(upon request) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days

after each Semi Annual Date;

(e)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(Ð

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any

statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in

connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share

capital or equity;

(e)

if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so,

send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange.

(h)

If the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so,

inform the Bond Trustee of its andlor the rating of the Bond Issue, and any

changes to such rating;

(Ð

without being requested to do so, on the Semi Annual Date, provide to the

Bond Trustee updates on the progression of any planning applications up to

and including the month the planning approval is delivered to the Issuer;

û)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond

2T

Nordic Trustee ASA

trustee is entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository or Paying Agent directly); and
(k) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's
business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate,
substantially in the form set out in Attachment I hereto, signed by the Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

13.3.1 Pari passu ranking

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at leastpari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

13.3.2 Mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company
with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material
Adverse Effect.

13.3.3 De-mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any
other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such
transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.3.4 Continuation of business

The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that canied on at the date of this Bond Agreement, andlor as set out in this Bond Agreement. Further, the Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Properties are re-regulated from trade/office/services to housing purposes including the change of the current zoningplans for the Properties.

13.3.5 Disposal of business

22

Nordic Trustee ASA

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations,
unless:

(i)

the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions

customary for such transactions; and

(iD

such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.3.6 Arm's length transactions

The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair
market value.

13.3.7 Corporate status

The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

13.3.8 Compliánce with laws

The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance
only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.3.9 Accounts
(a) General

The Issuer shall maintain at any time all the Accounts in a bank in Norway, save fot the Escrow Account which may be released after disbursement of all funds.
(b) Escrow Account

The Issuer shall prior to the Issue Date establish an Escrow Account with a bank in Norway, and the net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred by the Manager to the Escrow Account on the Issue Date. The Escrow Account shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee and blocked.

The funds in the Escrow Account shall only be (i) used by the Issuer according to Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization).
(c) The Interest Retention

The Interest Retention Account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee. The deposited amount shall only be released and applied for payments of the NOK Tranche and SEK Tranche respectively as set out in Clause 9.
(d) The Operating Account

23

Nordic Trustee ASA
The Operating Account shall be pledged, but not blocked, in favour of the Bond Trustee and all proceeds that the Issuer receives from any of its activities shall be credited to the Operating Account.
13.4 Special covenants
13.4.1 Dividends and other distributions
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer), or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders.
13.4.2 Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not, and it shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance over any of its present or future respective assets (including, but not limited to, the shares in the Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the encumbrances granted to secure any of the following:
a) the Senior Bond; and b) the Bond.
13.4.3 Financial Indebtedness restrictions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (including guarantees),
other than:
a) the Senior Bond; b) the Bond; and c) the Subordinated Convertible Loan.
However, the Issuer shall be obligated not to service, or otherwise redeem the
Subordinated Convertible Loan during the term of the Bond Issue.
13.4.4 Subordinated Convertible Loan
The Issuer shall enter into one or more subordinated convertible loan agreements of an aggregate amount of between NOK 8 000 000 and NOK 15 000 000. The
Subordinated Convertible Loan shall have maturity after the Maturity Date including the optional extension period. The Subordinated Convertible Loan shall be subordinated to the Senior Bond and the Bond, and include terms that entail that the Subordinated Convertible Loan is structured as a bullet loan and that interest is only payable on the maturity date. Further the Subordinated Convertible Loan shall include provisions that give the lenders a right to convert their loans into equity in the Issuer (the "Subordinated Convertible Loan Shares"). The Subordinated Convertible Loan Shares shall not exceed 33,33yo of the outstanding share capital in the Issuer.
13.4.5 Financial Support restrictions
24

Nordic Trustee ASA

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no subsidiary shall, grant any loans, glve any guarantees or otherwise voluntarily assume any financial liability (whether actual
or contingent) ("Financial Support"), to or for the benefit of any third party, other than (i) the existing two loans to the Parent and (ii) an intercompany loan from the
Issuer to Hilleren Invest of NOK I 000 000 of which the proceeds from the
intercompany loan received by Hilleren Invest shall be used to repay certain direct
loans, lent to Hilleren Invest by certain investors. The Issuer shall not permit any of the existing loans to the Parent to be increased or redrawn if any of the loans are
partly or fully repaid.

t3.4.6 Allotment of the property, gnr. 128,bm.2 in municipality of Bergen

The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure, as soon as possible, that the part of the
property with title number gm.l2ï,brtr.2 in the municipality of Bergen that is currently owned by the Issuer is partitioned so that it obtains an individual title number in the land registry that will enable the Bond Trustee to register the
Additional Security. Following the completion of the partitioning, the Issuer shall
immediately ensure that the Additional Security is established.

13.4.7 The Issuer shall, as soon as it becomes pertinent, ensure that the Additional Security is pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee.

13.4.8

The Bond Trustee acting on behalf of the Bondholders shall enter into an agreement with the Manager and the Issuer, under which the Manager shall undertake to perform certain advisory services related to the monitoring of the progress reports and the progression of any planning applications up to and including the month the planning approval is delivered to the Issuer.

The Manager may at its own discretion engage advisors to assist in the performance ofthese advisory services. Costs related to such advisors shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer shall provide the Manager with such information that the Manager finds necessary to monitor progress and that the Issuer has provided to the Trustee.

13.5 Financial Covenants
13.5.1 Liquidity
During the term of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall (unless the Bond Trustee or the Lenders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following financial covenants:
iii) The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains minimum Liquidity of NOK 2
million at all times;
The financial covenant shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group during the term of this Bond Agreement.
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above financial covenant at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Semi Annual Date and certified by the Issuer with each annual and semi annual financial statement.

25

Nordic Trustee ASA

14 Fees and expenses

t4.l The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee
(andlor the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the
fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and
enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any
registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable) , and the registration and administration of
the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under
a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.

14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (andlor the Security Agent).

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

t4.s The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment
under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such
amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net
amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required;
and

(b)

the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond

Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been

made.

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after
the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds atpar value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

26

Nordic Trustee ASA

15 Events of Default

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of
the following events:

15.1.1 Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the
original due date.

15.1.2 Breach of other obligations

The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

15.1.3 Cross default

If for any Group Company:

(Ð any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally
applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and
payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iiÐ any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended
by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iv)

any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of NOK 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall
apply.

15.1.4 Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

15.1.5 Insolvency

27

Nordic Trustee ASA

(i)

A Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall

due or suspends making payments on any of its debts.

(ii) The value of the assets of any Group Company is less than its liabilities
(taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities)

15.1.6 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

If for any Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other
procedure step is taken in relation to:

(Ð the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,
dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorgani zation;

(iÐ a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor,
having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder; or

(iii)

the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar offrcer of any of its assets;

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This paragraph (Ð shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.

15.1.7 Creditors' process

Any Group Company having any of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, having anaggregate value as set out inparagraph (c) above.

15.1.8 Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perfbrm any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

15.1.9 Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which has a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other

28

Nordic Trustee ASA

contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment
if:

(a)

the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be

declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds,

and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b)

the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the

Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond
Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of
interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.
16 Bondholders'Meeting

16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

16.1. I

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other
capital classes.

16.t.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is apro ratareduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a coffesponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall
be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1 . Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all
the Bonds.

16.1.4 There will be a common Bondholder'Meeting, where Bondholders under both the NOK Tranche and the SEK Tranche participate. Voting Bonds will be determined by
the proportionate share of the Bond Issue in NOK based on the Initial Exchange
Ratio.

29

Nordic Trustee ASA

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings
16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:
(a) the Issuer;
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds; (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or
(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summon the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4 The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten
Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specifu the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those
requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main
content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of
Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the swnmons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the
procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

30

Nordic Trustee ASA

- 16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed
representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.ll Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The
Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.
16.3 Resolutions passed qt Bondholders' Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Rond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this pu{pose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

t6.3.2

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

t6.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (ll2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (ll2) of
the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting
completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at
the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 213 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders'
Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain
Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense ofother Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting
are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out

31

Nordic Trustee ASA

resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.
16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed
at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4 RepeatedBondholders' Meeting

t6.4.r

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

t6.4.2

The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a
repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (112) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.l The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

17.t.l

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.r.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.t.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.r.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any

32

Nordic Trustee ASA

Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.L5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4
to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious effors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or
others an uffeasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by
the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is
unnecessarY.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the
Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17 .1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee andlor security agent for several bond
issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond
Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.r

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2.The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the
Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of all
losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and
representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and
any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction andlor those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the

JJ

Nordic Trustee ASA

17 .3

Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.
Change of Bond Trustee

t7.3.r

Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses ofa new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the
Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent

17.4.I The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of
the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and
any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of
the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

t7.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be
amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

34

Nordic Trustee ASA

18 Miscellaneous

l8.l The community of Bondholders

By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of and/or
represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening ofbankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement,

access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered

in the Securities Depository; and

(d)

this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders

meaning that:

(i) (iÐ
(iii) (iv) (v)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other; the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement; the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders; the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 Bond Defeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations
discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit
of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance
Security") in such amounts as will be suffrcient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise

35

Nordic Trustee ASA

of a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate

that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of

preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the
intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of

the Issuer or others; and

(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal
opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:
(a) the Issuer shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in
Clause 3, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), O and (k), or as otherwise
agreed;
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not)
take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;
(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the
Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;
(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and
(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall
remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3 All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall
be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this
Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.2.4 if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a
replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.
18.3 Limitation of claims

36

Nordic Trustee ASA

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest
and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18,1979 No. 18.
18.4 Access to information

18.4.1 This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the
Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that acopy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of
reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.
18.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of
all parties hereto.
18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities
Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond
Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond
Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

37

Nordic Trustee ASA

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of
changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 V/hen determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall
apply (unless otherwise stated):
(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force
shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b)

If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on

the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or
number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is

not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such

month.

(c)

If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is

postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond
Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

t8.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the
Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to Clause 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as
sole legal venue.

r8.7.3

Clause I8.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

* ****

38

Nordic Trustee ASA
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer
i1,,,#; Hç,atlt
pBoys:Kit'itorvnT:fJyeHgn7UØ#Fg

By: Position:

Vivian Trøsch
Attorney-at-Law

39

Nordic Trustee ASA

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470Yika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 2287 94 l0
E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no

Idate]

Dear Sirs,
NX BOND AGREEMENT Y1/Y2 . ISIN OOl IX

V/e refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period IPERIOD].
Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

V/ith reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:
L all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which
would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;
3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement, and
4. in accordance with Clause 13.5.1, the Liquidity is minimum NOK 2 million at all times.

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] i [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,

NX

Name of authorized person
Enclosure: lcopy of any written documentation]

40

Nordic Trustee ASA
Attachment 2
RELEASE NOTICE. ESCRO\ü ACCOUNTS
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470Yika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 2287 9410
E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
12 o/" Hilleren Tomteselskap AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 201612017 20 "/o Hilleren Tomteselskap AS Junior Secured Callable Bond Issue 201612017
We refer to the senior secured bond agreement (the "Senior Bond Agreement") referring to a loan with ISIN: NO0010759376 (NOK Tranche) and ISIN:NO0010759384 (SEK Tranche) and the junior secured bond agreement (the "Junior Bond Agreement") (ointly referred to as the "Bond Agreements" referring to a loan with ISIN:NO0010759392 (NOK Tranche) and ISIN: NO0010759400 (SEK Tranche) for the abovementioned Bond Issues made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Bond Agreements.
V/e hereby give you notice that we onfdotel wish to draw the amounts as set out in section ii)
below from the Escrow Accounts applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreements, Clause 2.3, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We refer to the indicated Escrow Accounts in section i) below; the payment instructions
("Payment Instructions") to the account bank, DNB Bank ASA ("DNB"), in section ii)
below, and the existing creditor's acknowledgement[, as well as the Issuer's instructions,] to
release the existing security upon payment as per the Payment Instructions in section iii)
below.
i. Escrow Accounts to be released
We ask that the following Escrow Accounts be released, so that DNB may disburse funds in accordance with the Payment Instructions as set out in section ii) below:
1. Account no: 1503 73 65782 - Escrow Account NOK Senior 2. Account no: 1250 08 39684 - Escrow Account SEK Senior 3. Account no: 1503 73 65790 - Escrow Account NOK Junior 4. Account no: 1250 08 39692 - Escrow Account SEK Junior
4t

Nordic Trustee ASA
ll. Payment Instructions to DNB, payments from the Escrow Accounts
Before any payment, transactions or actions are to be taken, the following amounts will come
into the Escrow Accounts:
(a) 1503 73 65782 - Escrow Account NOK Senior: NOK 19 132 750 (b) 1250 08 39684 - Escrow Account SEK Senior: SEK 34 632250 (c) 1503 73 65790 - Escrow Account NOK Junior: NOK 16 551 800 (d) 1250 08 39692 - Escrow Account SEK Junior: SEK 14 683 200
\W'e, Hilleren Tomteselskap AS, upon Nordic Trustee ASA's release of the Escrow Accounts hereby instruct DNB to take the following actions and make the following payments, in accordance with the order set out in the itemized list below:
1. Transfer of SEK 29 877 250 from Escrow Account SEK Senior is exchanged to
NOK and transferred to the Escrow Account NOK Senior;
2. lI Transfer of SEK 323 200 from Escrow Account SEK Junior is exchanged to
NOK and transferred to the Escrow Account NOK Senior;
3. Transfer of NOK l0 911 800 from Escrow Account NOK Junior transferred to the
Escrow Account NOK Senior;
4. Payment from the Escrow Account NOK Senior of NOK 562 500 to Nordic Trustee
ASA, to account no 7056.05.31832;
5. Payment from the Escrow Account NOK Senior of NOK 22 071922.35 to DNB
Bank ASA, to account no 5201.95.00047;
6. Payment from the Escrow Account NOK Senior of NOK 24 551284.44 to Jool
Markets AS on behalf of certain investors, to account no 1503.62.40722;
7. Payment from the Escrow Account NOK Senior of NOK 6 618 295 to Solmunde
& Partners on behalf of certain investors, to account no 3624.24.92331;
8. Transfer of NOK 7 845 000 from the Escrow Account NOK Senior to the Interest
Retention Account NOK Senior with account no. 1 503.73.65 85 5 ;
9. Transfer of NOK 5 640 000 is made from the Escrow Account NOK Junior to the
Interest Retention Account NOK Junior with account no. 1503.73.65863;
10. Transfer of SEK 4 755 000 from the Escrow Account SEK Senior to the Interest
Retention Account SEK Senior with account no. 1250.08.39706
l.I Transfer of SEK 3 360 000 from the Escrow Account SEK Junior to the Interest
Retention Account SEK Junior with account no. 1250.08.39714
12. All remaining amounts on all the Escrow Accounts, being NOK 9 595 997, are
transferred to the Operating Account with account no. 5081.07.31300.
- After the payments, transfers and actions in item | 12 above have been completed, the
Escrow Accounts shall again be blocked in favor of Nordic Trustee ASA until a new release
notice - Escrow Accounts is delivered by us.
42

Nordic Trustee ASA
iii. Acknowledgement from existing creditors of release of existing security
V/e hereby confirm to you that the existing creditors of the Issuer have acknowledged that
they will release all existing security interests in the assets to be taken as Security Interests
pursuant to the Bond Agreements clause 9.2 upon repayment of existing loans to the Issuer as per the Bond Agreements clause 2.3 (Purpose qnd utilisation) and the Payment Instructions. We make reference to the following documents, enclosed with this release notice:
a) Confirmation from DNB that they will release all existing security held once
payment is received in accordance with item ii) 5, above;
b) Confirmation from Jool Capital Partners AS and the Issuer that Nordic Trustee ASA
shall release all existing security held on behalf of the relevant investors once
payment is received in accordance with item ii) 6, above; and
c) Confirmation from Solmunde & Partners that they will release all existing security
held on behalf of the relevant investors once payment is received in accordance with item ii) 7, above. We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
43

Yours faithfully, Hilleren Tomteselskap AS
Knut-Jørgen Hauge

Nordic Trustee ASA

44

