ISIN: NO 001 035651.2
Amendment Agreement to
the Loan Agreement between
American Shipping Company ASA ("Borrower") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Loan Trustee")
on behalf o f the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue FRN Aker American Shipping ASA Senior Unsecured Callable PIK
Bond Issue 2007/2012

norsk WMsmann asa
This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated on 7 November 2011 between American Shipping Company ASA (die "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee").
(i) The Scope of the Amendment Agreement
The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the agreement Loan Agreement FRN Aker American Shipping ASA Senior Unsecured Callable PIK Braid Issue 2007/2012 IS1N 001 035651.2, based on resolution adopted at the Bondholders' meeting dated 5 October 2011.
(ii) Amendment to the Loan Agreement
The Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) The definition o f "Maturity Date" shall read:
"28 February 2018. Tfthe Maturity Date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Maturity Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date."
(ii) Clause 13.2 (a) shall read:
"ensure that the Group maintains Equity of more than USD 50 million."
(iii) New clause 13.3 (i) shall read:
"For the loan by Converto Capital Fund ("the Converto Loan") to the Borrower, in the original amount of USD 20 million, the following will apply:
(i) The Borrower shall procure that any payment in cash of interest or principal made under the Converto Loan shall on pro rata basis also be made correspondingly under the Bonds.
(ii) The Borrower shall procure that the interest rate clause of the Converto Loan shall not be amended in favour of Converto."
(iv) Compensation A compensation of 0.10 per cent flat of the principal outstanding amount under the Loan Agreement shall be due and payable by the Borrower 6 Banking Days after this Bondholders' meeting.
(v) Confirmation of the Loan Agreement All other provisions of the Loan Agreement remain in full force. The Loan Agreement (as previously amended) and this Amendment Agreement constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the above mentioned Bond issue.

2

v-

(vi) Governing Law Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which me not resolved amicably shaft he resolved in accordance with Norwegian law
in the Norwegian Courts.

norsk UUKsmann asa

The amendments to the Loan Agreement will commence at the date o f the Bondholders' meeting.

American Shipping Company ASA

" ' .......

ASA

Borrower
This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (origi naIs), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

3

V

(vi) Governing Law Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Norwegian Courts.

(vil) Commencement The amendments to the Loan Agreement will commence at the date of the Bondholders' meeting.

chn Shipping Company ASA

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

norsk UHltsmann asa

Loan Trustee
This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

3

