Norsk Tillitsmann A SA
ISINNO 0010431315
Amendment Agreement No. 3
to
the Loan Agreement between
MASTER MARINE AS (Borrower)
and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf o f
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN M aster M arine AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2008/2011

Clause

CONTENTS

L Background............. ................. .................................. 2. Definitions and Interpretation............... ...... .............. .
3. Am endm ent of the Loan A greem ent................ ....... . 4. Effectiveness, Continuity and further Assurances ... 5. Confirm ation of O bligations....................................... .
6. Conditions P recedent.................... ............................... 1. Jurisdiction and Governing L a w ............................. .
Schedule 1 Conversion terms

Norsk Tlllltsmann ASA
Page

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
This amendment agreement (the "A m endm ent A greem ent") dated 5 August 2010 is made between
(1) M A STER M ARINE AS, P.O. Box 76, 1325 Lysaker, Norway, business enterprise no. 879 342 732, as borrower (the "Borrower");
(2) NORSK TILLITSM A NN ASA, P.O Box 1470 Vika, N -0116 Oslo, Norway, business enterprise no. 963 342 624, as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee") on behalf of the bondholders (the "Bondholders").
1. Background
1.1 The Borrower and the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) have entered into a loan agreement dated 13 June 2008 identified as "FRN Master Marine AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2008/2011" with ISIN 001 0431315, as amended by amendment agreements dated 7 October 2009 and January 2010, respectively (together the "Loan Agreement").
1.2 The Bondholders in the Loan have agreed to make certain changes to the Loan Agreement on the condition that the Loan is Converted into a convertible loan on the terms and conditions set out in the minutes from the annual general meeting of shareholders of the Borrower on 9 June 2010, as further set out in Schedule 1 hereto.
1.3 Based on the foregoing, the Borrower and the Loan Trustee hits agreed to make certain changes and amendments to the Loan Agreement as set out in this Amendment Agreement.
2. Definitions and interpretation
2.1 Unless the context otherwise requires, a term defined in the Loan Agreement shall have the same meaning when used in this Amendment Agreement.
2.2 In this Amendment Agreement any reference to a "Clause" or a ''Schedule1' is, unless the context otherwise requires, a reference to a Clause in or a Schedule to this Amendment Agreement.
3. Amendment of the loan agreement
3.1 The Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) The Loan Agreement Clause 2.1 shall be amended to include a new final paragraph as follows:
Notwithstanding anything o f the foregoing in this Clause 2.1, the Bondholders and the Loan Trustee have agreed to add to the principal amount o f the Loan all accrued hut unpaid interest per 9 June 2010. The parties agree that such interest amounts to EUR 7,897,976.14 (Euro seven million eight hundred and ninety seven thousand nine hundred and seventy six andfourteen cents) and that the total principal amount o f the lutanfrom such date shall be EUR 67,897,976.14 (Euro sixty seven million eight

Norsk Tillllsmann A SA
hundred and ninety seven thousand nine hundred and seventy six and fourteen cents). "
(ii) The Loan Agreement shall be amended to include a new Clause 2.2 as follows:
"Each Bondholder has the tight to convert the Bonds into shares in the Borrowerfrom 9 June 2010 up and until ten (10) Banking Days prior to the Maturity Date on the terms and conditions set out in Schedule l hereto. "
(iii) The Loan Agreement shall be amended to include a new Clause 9.5 as follows:
"Notwithstanding anything o f theforegoing in this Clause 9, no interest shall accrue on the Loan from and including 9 June 2010 unless as set out in Gltittse 11. "
(iv) The Loan shall be amended to include a new Clause 11.3 as follows:
"From and including 9 June 2010, interest on overdue amounts shall be calculated in accordance with Clauses I f .] and 11.2 based on the principles set out in Clause 9 (as if the Loan was subject to interest payment). "
4. Confirmation of the Loan Agreement
4.1 From the date the conditions set out in Clause 6 below (Conditions Precedent) have been fulfilled:
(i) this Amendment Agreement shall come into effect;
(ii) the Loan Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of this Amendment Agreement; and
(iii) the provisions of the Loan Agreement (as amended by this Amendment Agreement) and the other documents related thereto shall, save as amended by this Amendment Agreement; continue in full force and effect.
4.2 Save for otherwise expressly stated in this Amendment Agreement, no activities already performed by the Borrower in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement before the date of this Amendment Agreement shall be repeated by the Borrower.
5. Designation
5.1 Each of the Borrower and the Loan Trustee designate this Amendment Agreement as a Finance Document.
6. Conditions precedent
6.1 The amendments set out in this Amendment Agreement shall come into force subject to the Loan Trustee having received, in form and content satisfactory to it, the followingdocumentation:

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA
(i) The Amendment Agreement duly executed by the signatories of the Borrower, or as otherwise requested by the Loan Trustee (always acting reasonably);
(it) Approval of the Amendment Agreement by the requisite percentage of the Bondholders;
(iii) A certified copy of the minutes from the annual general meeting of shareholders of the Borrower where it is resolved to convert the Loan into a convertible loan; and
(iv) An updated company certificate (Nw: Fimcianest) from the Register of Business Enterprises (Miv Foretaksregisteret) evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower.
7. JURISDICTION AND GOVERNING LAW 7.1 This Amendment Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance With,
the laws of Norway. 7.2 Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are
not resolved amicably shall be resolved in Norwegian courts. 7.3 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed the day and year first above written.
SIGNATORIES:
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Name: J O 4-0 Title: i m a <- O i^ r e r <^CTo
This Agreement has been executed in 2 (two) copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee Keep one each.
V

Norsk Tillitsmann A SA

Schedule J

CONVERSION TERMS

The Loan is convertible into shares in the Borrower from 9 June 2010 on the terras and conditions set out in the minutes from the annual general meeting of shareholders of the Borrower held on 9 June 2010 as registered in the Register Of Business Enterprises (Nw: Br0m0ysundregisteret) and as further set out below:

A

Definitions

"Conversion Date" means the date falling ten (10) Banking Days after the Borrower has received the relevant exercise notice pursuant to Clause B. 1.

"Conversion Period" means the period from 9 June 2010 up to and including the Maturity Date, subject to the Conversion Right has been exercised within the Exercise Period.

"Conversion Price" means EUR 0.146.

"Conversion Right" means the right of each Bondholder to convert the Bonds into shares in the Borrower. By its exercise of the Conversion Right, each Bondholder shall be entitled to receive a number of shares calculated as:

number of Shares = par value of die Bonds
Conversion Price

"Exercise Period" means the period commencing on the date of this Amendment Agreement and ending on the tenth (1()"') Banking Day prior to the Maturity Date during which the Conversion Rights may be exercised.

"Redemption Price" means 100 % of par value.

B

Conversion terms

B.l

Each Bondholder may exercise one or more of his Conversion Right(s) at the Conversion

Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided that the relevant Bondholder at the

Conversion Date has the right to own shares Under the applicable law and that notification

thereof is given pursuant to Clause B.4.

B.2 The Conversion Right cannot be separated from the Bond.

B.3 The Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to Clauses C and D.

B.4 In order to exercise a Conversion Right, the Bondholder shall deliver to the paying Agent (Via its VPS account manager) or directly to (if acceptable by) the Borrower a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice.

Request for conversion takes place by the Bondholder notifying his VPS account manager or the Borrower (as the case may be) of the number of Bonds which shall be converted. The VPS account manager shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent and the

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Borrower. The Paying Agent (or the Borrower, as the case may be) shall carry the conversion into effect at the Conversion Date,
Conversion will be effected by a set-off of the total nominal value of the Bonds (at the Redemption Price) to be converted against the issuing of the whole number of shares resulting from dividing the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted by the Conversion Price.

Any excess amount beyond the whole number of shares converted by the Bonds shall fall to the Borrower.

B.5

The Borrower is responsible for ensuring that:

(a) the share capital increase is registered in the company register as soon as possible,

(b) the Outstanding Loan is written down within the Conversion Date, and

(c) shares issued upon conversion are registered in the Securities Register on the Conversion Date.

B.6 Shares issued upon conversion give rights in the Borrower as of the registration of the share capital increase in the company register, unless the general meeting of the; Borrower has resolved differently.

C

Issuance of shares or financial instruments which entitle the holder to subscribe for

shares

C.l

The Conversion Price is based on the assumption that the share capital of the Borrower and

the number of shares issued by the Borrower remain unchanged for the duration of the Loan,

with exception for any changes to the share capital or the number of shares issued following

the Conversion of the Loan into shares in the Borrower. If any changes are made to the share

capital, the number of shares issued by the Borrower or any of the events set out in the

Companies Act section 11-2 no. 10 occur, the Bondholders shall have the same rights as

existing shareholders in the Borrower.

D

Merger and de-merger

D .l If the Borrower prior to the expiry of the Conversion Period decides on a statutory merger (in accordance with prevailing legislation from time to time) in which the Borrower is the acquired company, each Bondholder has the right to demand the Bonds to be redeemed at the Redemption Price.

The Borrower shall give the Bondholders written notification through the Securities Depository at the latest five (5) Banking Days after notification of the merger. The notification shall refer to the regulations and deadlines of Clause D.2.

CM

Request for redemption takes place by the Bondholder notifying his VPS account manager in the Securities Register at the latest two (2) months after notification of the merger. The Bondholder's VPS account manager shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying

Redemption shall take place five (5) Banking Days after the acquiring company has notified that the merger shall be effective.

Norsk Tlllitsmann A SA
D.3 If a Bondholder does not use the right to request redemption according to Clause D.2, the Conversion Right shall be transferred to a right to convert to shares in the acquiring company on terms that reflect the exchange ratio of the merger.
D.4 If the Borrower decides on a merger in which the Borrower is the acquiring company, and the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in the form of shares only, no adjustment will be made to the Conversion Price. If the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in any other form, in full or partly, the Borrower and the Loan Trustee shall agree on appropriate adjustments to the Conversion Right and the Conversion Price to preserve the value of the Conversion Right,
D.5 In the event of a de-merger, a split-up, a spin-off, split-off or if any other event occurs which in the opinion of the Loan Trustee has the same effect as a de-merger, the Borrower and the Loan Trustee shall agree on appropriate adjustments to the Conversion Right and the Conversion Price to preserve the value of the Conversion Right.
D.6 The provisions in this Clause D have no limitation on the creditor's right of objection to the merger or de-merger.

