Final terms 9 November 2011

Term Sheet

ISIN: NO0010628860

Chloe Marine Corporation Ltd. Second Lien Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")

Settlement date: 17 November 2011

Issuer:

Chloe Marine Corporation Ltd., a company organized under the laws of Bermuda.

Guarantors:

Deep Sea Metro Coöperatief U.A. (owned 99.99% by the Issuer), Odfjell Gestão de Perfurações do Brasil LTDA (owned 99.995% by the Deep Sea Metro Coöperatief U.A.) and Deep Sea Metro Holland B.V. (the "Bareboat Charterer") (owned 100% by Deep Sea Metro Coöperatief U.A.)

Parent:

Deep Sea Metro Ltd, (registration no. 42348), incorporated in Bermuda and being the direct 100% owner of the Issuer.

Group

The Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time, and each a "Group Company".

Currency:

USD

Amount:

USD 150 million

Coupon rate:

12 % p.a.

Settlement Date:

17 November 2011. Notice is expected to be given to Subscribers minimum two banking days prior to Settlement Date.

Final Maturity Date: 28 December 2016 at a price equal to 100.00% of par value.

Amortization:

The Bonds shall be repaid in full at final Maturity Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interests on redeemed amount).

First interest payment day:

17 May 2012 (6 months after Settlement Date).

Last interest payment Final Maturity Date day:

Interest Payments:

Interest on the Bonds will accrue from the Settlement Date and shall be payable semiannually in arrears on the interest payment day on 17 May and 17 November each year, and on the Maturity Date, or if the interest payment day does not fall on a banking day in Oslo and New York, on the first subsequent banking day. Day-count fraction for the coupon is 30/360 unadjusted.

Issue Price:

100.00% (par).

Nominal value:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 100,000 each.

Ranking:

The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law and all obligations under the Senior Bank Facility. The Bonds shall rank ahead of any subordinated capital. The Bonds shall be secured on a second priority basis over the Vessel and certain other assets of the Issuer as set out herein.

Use of proceeds:

The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be employed for (i) financing of the

1

Final terms 9 November 2011

delivery installment of the Vessel under the Construction Contract (the amount of the delivery installment is USD 486.9 million) plus for variation orders, (ii) for preparation and mobilization costs and for general corporate purposes.

Issuer's Call Options: The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or nothing) as follows:

(i) Anytime from and including Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling 2 years after Settlement Date at a price equivalent to the sum of:

a. the present value on the relevant record date of 108 % of the par value; and

b. the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the interest payment day 2 years after Settlement Date,

both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned interest payment day 2 years after Settlement Date) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with the such repayment;

(ii) anytime from and including the interest payment day 2 years after Settlement Date to, but not including, the interest payment day 3 years after Settlement Date at a price equal to 108 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);

(iii) anytime from and including the interest payment day 3 years after Settlement Date to, but not including, the interest payment day 4 years after Settlement Date at a price equal to 106 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);

(iv) anytime from and including the interest payment day 4 years after Settlement Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 103 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

The Vessel:

The Gusto P10000 designed drillship named "Deepsea Metro II". The drillship has 10,000 ft nominal water depth capability and DP class 3 dynamic positioning system. The unit is currently undergoing final testing and commissioning at Hyundai Heavy Industries, South Korea (the "Yard"), and is scheduled for delivery on the Delivery Date. The drillship shall include all equipment owned by the Issuer and that is legally part of the drillship under the flag state of the drillship (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any equipment installed by the Charterer or any subsequent charterer or equipment rented). The drillship shall be registered in Bermuda or such other registry satisfactory to the Trustee.

Delivery Date:

Scheduled for 30 November 2011 as per the Construction Contract.

Construction Contract:

The construction contract for the Vessel entered into between the Issuer and the Yard dated 21 May 2008 (as amended from time to time).

Senior Bank Facility:

Means the first priority bank facility to be entered into that will partly finance the Vessel, amounting to USD 400 million, consisting of two tranches. A USD 200 million commercial tranche with an expected margin of appr. 3.50% p.a. to be reduced to 3.25% p.a. after Petrobras has paid the second hire payment. A USD 200 million GIEK tranche with an expected margin of appr. 4.90% p.a. The Senior Bank Facility has a tenor of 5 years (not later than 15 December 2016) and semi-annual repayments of USD 16,666,666 plus a cash sweep mechanism and with a balloon payment of up to

2

Security:
Petrobras Charter Contract: Petrobras Service Contract:

Final terms 9 November 2011
USD 233,333,333.The Security for the Senior Bank Facility is on first priority ahead of the Bond Issue pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, including any obligations under any hedging arrangements related to the Senior Bank Facility.
As security for the Finance Documents (including any interest, default interest, costs and expenses) the following security has been or will be executed (all in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders)):
Pre-Settlement security:
1. A first priority pledge over the Escrow Account (as defined in the Bond Agreement) (according to Norwegian law).
Pre-Disbursement-Pre-Delivery:
Equivalent to the Senior Bank Facility (including relevant guarantees) on a 2nd priority basis (to the extent practically and legally possible), where the ranking and undertakings are governed by the Intercreditor Agreement including (to the extent required under the Senior Bank Facility)
1. Second priority pledge over all bank accounts of the Issuer and the Guarantors (including accounts for earnings from the Vessel and the Interest Service Account).
2. Second priority assignment of the bareboat charter between the Issuer and the Bareboat Charterer.
3. Second priority share pledge over all the shares of the Issuer and the Guarantors.
4. Second priority irrevocable on-demand guarantees from each Guarantor. 5. Second priority pledge or charge in any other assets of any of the Guarantors
or the Issuer, including to the extent legally possible a floating charge over all the assets of the Issuer and each Guarantor.
At-Delivery-Security 1. Second priority mortgage over the Vessel (including Deed of Covenants if relevant). 2. Second priority assignment of earnings related to the Vessel (assignment of earnings acknowledged by the Charterer on best effort basis with regard to the Petrobras Contracts, assignment to be entered into subject to approval by Petrobras, such approval currently not given). 3. Second priority assignment of insurances.
The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established no later than at the Settlement Date. The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to the first release from the Escrow Account as described below under Conditions Precedent Pre-Disbursement. The At-Delivery Security shall be established simultaneously with delivery of the vessel from the yard.
Upon the entry into of new employment contract(s) for the Vessel and/or change of intra-group charterer the Trustee shall be authorized to release security made irrelevant thereby, and the Issuer and the Guarantors shall to the extent legally possible provide new security so as to maintain the same security structure as set out above.
the charter dated 01 September 2011 between the Charterer and the Bareboat Charterer for the charter of the Vessel to the Charterer for use in connection with the Petrobras Services Agreement.
The service agreement dated 01 September 2011 between the Charterer and Odfjell Gestão de Perfurações do Brasil LTDA. for the performance of drilling, evaluation, completion and maintenance of oil and gas wells for Petrobras offshore Brazil.

3

Final terms 9 November 2011

Petrobras Contracts: The Petrobras Charter Contract and the Petrobras Service Contract combined.

Charterer:

Petrolèo Brasileiro S.A.- PETROBRAS or any of its subsidiaries.

Vessel Manager:

Odfjell Drilling AS and any such entity wholly owned by Odfjell Drilling Ltd. designated as manager(s) by the Issuer and/or the Guarantors.

Intercreditor Agreement:

The Bond Issue will rank on second priority behind the Senior Bank Facility. The Trustee shall be authorized to enter into an intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, containing, inter alia, a 180 day standstill period on enforcing the Bond Issue, plus an extension if the first priority security agent is diligently pursuing an enforcement action. The bondholders will be provided with an option to purchase first priority debt within 120 days from the first priority security agent's notice that it is accelerating the Senior Bank Facility. .

Finance Documents:

Means: (i) the Bond Agreement; (ii) the Intercreditor Agreement; (iii) the Security Documents; (iv) the Trustee's fee letter; and (v) any other document the Issuer and the Trustee agree to be Finance Document.

Interest Reserve Account:

On or prior to each monthly charter hire payment under the Petrobras Contracts or any future employment contract for the Vessel, the Issuer shall transfer an amount equal to one sixth (1/6th) of the next coupon under the Bond Issue to a USD account of the Issuer. The Interest Reserve Account shall be blocked and pledged.

Escrow Account:

The Issuer shall prior to the issuance of the Bonds establish a blocked escrow account. Once all Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent (described below) have been satisfied, the net cash proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of fees, legal costs of the Joint Lead Managers and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be transferred to the Escrow Account. The Escrow Account shall be pledged to the Trustee, and blocked such that no withdrawals can be made from such account without the Trustee's prior written consent.

The net proceeds from the Bonds will be released to the Issuer, pursuant to the Disbursement Mechanism (as defined below) when the Conditions Precedent PreDisbursement is complied with. If these are not in place within 60 business days after Settlement Date, the Bonds shall be repaid at 101% of par value plus accrued interest. All proceeds on the Escrow Account may be used for such purpose.

ConditionsPrecedent:

Pre-Settlement:
Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account will be subject to the certain conditions precedent as customary for these types of transactions, including (but not limited to):

(i) no potential or actual Event of Default under any indebtedness; (ii) the Bond Agreement duly executed; (iii) an agreement between the Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees
duly executed; (iv) the Pre-Settlement Security, duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto
(including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the account bank); (v) necessary corporate resolutions to execute the relevant Finance Documents; and if required by the Trustee, all legal opinions in respect of the Bond Agreement and the Escrow Account Pledge having been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee; and (vi) the Project Documents agreed in an acceptable form.

4

Final terms 9 November 2011

General Covenants:

Pre-Disbursement-Pre-Delivery:
The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the Purpose of the Bond Issue, and the release of such funds from the Escrow Account shall be subject only to certain conditions precedent as customary for these types of transactions, including (but not limited to):
(i) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer (including a statement regarding use of funds and confirmation of no Event of Default);
(ii) all Pre-Disbursement Security, duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the account bank);
(iii) copies of necessary corporate resolutions from all security providers to execute the relevant Finance Documents;
(iv) all legal opinions in respect of the Security having been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee;
(v) the Finance Documents (unless delivered Pre-Settlement/at delivery) being in form, scope and substance acceptable to the Trustee and are executed, delivered and enforceable;
(vii) the Project Documents duly executed; and (viii) the Intercreditor Agreement duly executed.
The transfer of funds from Escrow Account in connection with delivery to be in accordance with the payment mechanism under the Construction Contract, such payment mechanism referred to herein as the "Disbursement Mechanism".
At-Delivery:
(i) the Senior Bank Facility available for drawdown; (ii) satisfactory evidence of all insurances being taken out; (iii) customary documents and certificates related to the delivery of the Vessel, (iv) including but not limited to protocol of delivery and similar documents; (v) all relevant At-Delivery Security, including the Mortgage; and (vi) all legal opinions have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee.
The At-Delivery conditions precedent set out in (i)-(vi) above shall be delivered immediately after completion of the Disbursement Mechanism at the same closing meeting.
The Trustee may delay the delivery of certain conditions precedent at its sole discretion.
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
a) Mergers: The Issuer shall not, and it shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or consolidation or corporate reconstruction involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or such Subsidiary with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
b) De-mergers: The Issuer shall not, and it shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any demerger or other corporate re-organization involving splitting the Issuer or such Subsidiary into two or more separate companies or entities not being a member of the Group, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

5

Final terms 9 November 2011
c) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not, and it shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, cease to carry on its business. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.
d) Disposal of assets/business: The Issuer shall not, and it shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its or that Subsidiary´s assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and further provided that such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee of any such transaction, and upon request provide relevant details thereof.
e) Negative pledge: The Issuer shall not, and it shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, incur create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance over any of its present or future respective assets (including, but not limited to, the shares in the Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the encumbrances granted to secure any of the following:
(i) the Senior Bank Facility; (ii) the Bond Issue; (iii) any derivative transaction related to the Group's hedging policy; (iv) obligations incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; (v) any recourse liability incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of
business to any financial institution in respect of bid or performance bonds, tax bonds or similar related to the operation of the Vessel, guarantees or letters of credit issued by such financial institution as security for the performance of the Vessel or for any tenders for employment of such units; (vi) any lien arising by operation of law; (vii) incurred for the purpose of (i) refitting the Vessel for increasing the drilling water depth capability to up to 12,000 feet or (ii) any modifications to Vessel in connection with any future employment contracts for the Vessel, that in total do not exceed USD 15 million for the Group in aggregate; and (viii) incurred with respect to obligations by the Group (not covered by (i) through (v) above) that in total do not exceed USD 10 million for the Group in aggregate.
f) Financial indebtedness restriction The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary shall, incur, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any financial indebtedness, other than:
(i) the Senior Bank Facility (including any guarantees granted in relation to the Senior Bank Facility), where such facility shall not be amended so that its' amortization structure, including any cash sweep mechanisms, is in any way postponed or delayed, however always provided that any balloon payment scheduled as of Settlement Date may be postponed or delayed;
(ii) a 240 day subordinated loan from the Parent in the maximum amount of USD 27.5 million to fund mobilization costs for the Vessel;
(iii) the Bond Issue (included guarantees granted in relation to the Bond Issue); (iv) any intra-group loans to any member of the Group and between any
Guarantors; (v) obligations under any derivative transactions related to the Group's
hedging policy; (vi) obligations incurred by the Issuer or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course
of business; (vii) any recourse liability incurred by the Issuer or any Subsidiary in the
ordinary course of business to any financial institution in respect of bid or
6

Final terms 9 November 2011
performance bonds, tax bonds or similar related to the operation of the Vessel, guarantees or letters of credit issued by such financial institution as security for the performance of the Vessel or for any tenders for employment of such units; (viii) any Financial Support permitted pursuant to paragraph h) (Financial Support restrictions) below; (ix) incurred for the purpose of (i) refitting the Vessel for increasing the drilling water depth capability to up to 12,000 feet or (ii) any modifications to Vessel in connection with any future employment contracts for the Vessel, that in total do not exceed USD 15 million for the Group in aggregate; and (ix) incurred with respect to obligations by the Group (not covered by (i) through (vii) above) that in total do not exceed USD 10 million for the Group in aggregate.
g) Additional investment restriction: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, make any investments or capital expenditures, other than solely related to the ownership in, and maintenance and operation of the Vessel;
h) Financial Support restrictions: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, grant any loans, give any guarantees or otherwise voluntarily assume any financial liability (whether actual or contingent) ("Financial Support"), to or for the benefit of any third party (not being a member of the Group), other than any Financial Support made, granted or given (i) in the ordinary course of its business and (ii) in relation to what is permitted under f) (Financial indebtedness restriction) above.
i) Event of Default: The Bond Agreement shall include standard event of default provisions, as well as cross default provisions for the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on any financial indebtedness of USD 20 million or more.
j) Reporting: The Issuer shall of its own accord make quarterly and annual management and financial reports for the Issuer and consolidated for the Group (written in English) available to the Trustee and to the bondholders via the Issuer's or the Issuer manager's website (or, subject to listing of the Issuer via the distribution system at such stock exchange) within 90 days after each Quarter Date and not later than 150 days after the end of each financial year.
k) Shareholder distribution restrictions: The Issuer shall not, during the term of the Bond Issue, declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer), grant any loans or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders, except for (i) the dividend of USD 10 million to the Parent upon acceptance under the Petrobras Contracts and (ii) the repayment of the USD 27.5 million subordinated shareholder's loan as permitted under f) (Financial indebtedness restriction) above.
l) Arm's length transaction: The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
7

Final terms 9 November 2011

Vessel Covenants: Definitions:
Mandatory Prepayment:

Standard Vessel covenants: (i) maintenance of insurances, (ii) no sale of the Vessel, (iii) maintenance of class; (iv) maintenance of flag, name and registry; (v) Vessel to be kept in a good and safe condition and repairs are consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards; and (vi) operation in accordance with laws and regulations.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Remaining Bonds" means the aggregate principal amount of the Bond, less any principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event (other than a Total Loss Event) occurring the Issuer shall, at the earlier of (i) on or about the day the Issuer is receiving the proceeds following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event and (ii) 20 banking days after the event triggering the actual Mandatory Prepayment Event, redeem Bonds in an amount equal to the then aggregate principal amount of Remaining Bonds.
(i) If occurring anytime from Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling 2 years after Settlement Date at a price equivalent to the sum of:
a. the present value on the relevant record date of 108 % of the par value; and
b. the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the interest payment day 2 years after Settlement Date,
both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned interest payment day 2 years after Settlement Date) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with the such repayment;
(ii) if occurring anytime from and including the interest payment day 2 years after Settlement Date to, but not including, the interest payment day 3 years after Settlement Date, at a price equal to 108 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
(iii) if occurring anytime from and including the interest payment day 3 years after Settlement Date to, but not including, the interest payment day 4 years after Settlement Date, at a price equal to 106 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
(iv) if occurring anytime from and including the interest payment day 4 years after Settlement Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date, at a price equal to 103% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date the repayment is carried out.

8

Final terms 9 November 2011

Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds are available redeem 100% of the outstanding bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

Mandatory Prepayment Event:

If (a) the Vessel is sold or disposed of, (b) the Parent's 100% ownership in the shares of the Issuer changes, or (c) there is an actual or constructive total loss of the Vessel (where (c) is a "Total Loss Event").

Material Adverse Effect:

Means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.

Change of Control clause:

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment (Put Option) of the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 calendar days following the notice of a Change of Control Event.

Change of Control Event:

Change of Control Event means any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3), other than

(i) Metro Exploration Holding Corp. or any member of their group companies, or Metro Exploration Holding Corp.'s ultimate shareholders,
(ii) Odfjell Drilling Ltd or any member of their group companies, (iii) any international reputable drilling operator holding minimum an investment
grade rating by a reputable investment grade agency, or (iv) any international reputable company operating in the oil & gas industry
holding minimum an investment grade rating by a reputable investment grade agency, in such event the Vessel Manager shall remain manager of the Vessel for the duration of the Bond Issue

becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the outstanding shares and/or voting capital of the Parent.

Project Documents Means:

(i) the Management Agreements (or any substitution thereof, including as entered into by any Subsidiary); (ii) the Charter Contracts; and (iii) the Construction Contract.

Charter Contracts:

Means any charter contracts for the employment of the Vessel, including intragroup Charters, the Petrobras Contracts and any future contracts.

Management Agreement:

Means the management agreement for the Vessel (as amended from time to time) dated 10 October 2008 entered into between the Issuer and the Vessel Manager and as may be further amended to include the Guarantors.

Issuer's ownership of The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the holder's

Bonds:

discretion be retained by the holder, sold or discharged.

Joint Lead Managers:

DnB NOR Bank ASA, DnB NOR Markets, N-0021 Oslo, Norway; RS Platou Markets AS, Haakon VII's gate 10, N-0161 Oslo, Norway.

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo.

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.

9

Final terms 9 November 2011

Paying Agent:

DnB NOR Bank ASA.

Issuer's org. number: 42361

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

Bond Agreement:

The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative, and it shall be based on Norwegian bond market standard. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.

Each subscriber in the Bonds, such subscription documented by an Application Form, a taped telephone conversation, e-mail or otherwise, is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur.

The Application Form specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders, who will execute and deliver such Application Forms prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.

Listing of Bonds:

No listing required.

Market making:

No market-maker agreement has been made for this Issue.

Eligible purchasers:

The Bonds shall only be offered to non-"U.S. persons" in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of Rule 902 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act") except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act. In addition to the Application Form that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada. The Bond Agreement will contain customary terms and provisions for a U.S. Rule 144A or Regulation S placement.

Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) an offshore transaction in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, including, in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act, including Rule 144 there under (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally

10

Subject to:

Final terms 9 November 2011
issued.
The issue of Bonds shall be subject to approval of the loan documentation by the Issuer's board and the Trustee.
THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND UNTIL THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT TO (A) A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" PURSUANT TO RULE 144A OF THE SECURITIES ACT, (B) A PERSON WHO IS NOT A U.S. PERSON IN AN "OFFSHORE TRANSACTION' PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATES AND ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES IN RELIANCE ON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND CERTAIN STATE LAWS. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC") NOR ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE OR FOREIGN SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR DETERMINED IF THIS TERM SHEET IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

Oslo, 4 November 2011
Chloe Marine Corporation Ltd. As Issuer

DnB NOR Markets As Joint Lead Manager

RS Platou Markets AS As Joint Lead Manager

11

Appendix 1

Final terms 9 November 2011

12

