NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www. trustee.no Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001 033356.0 - 12 per cent Thule Drilling ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2009 (the "First Bond Issue")
ISIN NO 001 036024.1 - 13.75 per cent Thule Drilling ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2008 (the "Second Bond Issue")
ISIN NO 001 035307.01 -11 per cent Thule Drilling ASA Senior Secured Note Issue 2007/2008, (the "Phoenix Bond Issue")
Oslo, 8 May 2009
THULE DRILLING ASA - CALL FOR BONDHOLDER MEETINGS
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is appointed as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee") for the above mentioned bond issues (the "Bond Issues"). The holders of bonds in the First Bond Issue, the Second Bond Issue and the Phoenix Bond Issue are hereafter referred to as the "Bondholders")
Following instructions from a majority of bondholders in the First Bond Issue (the "Instructing Bondholders") and in accordance with the documentation relating to the Bond Issues, the First Bond Issue has been declared to be in default, and legal proceedings have been taken in the UAE and Norway to enforce some of the security granted to secure the Bond Issues, including a shareholder guarantee, forming part of the underwriting agreement dated 12 June 2008 between Thule Drilling ASA and the Loan Trustee.
The Loan Trustee hereby summons Bondholders to a meeting to report on the current status of enforcement of the security relating to the Bond Issues (the "Bondholders' Meeting"). The meeting will be without Thule Drilling ASA. The meeting will be held by telephone conference. To get access to the telephone conference, written evidence of ownership of bonds must be presented. Please send such evidence by e-mail to mail@trustee.no with copy to irlin@trustee.no at the latest the day before the telephone conference. Dial-in details will be provided thereafter.
In addition the Loan Trustee hereby summons the holders of bonds issued under the First Bond Issue to a meeting (the "First Lien Meeting") to ratify the appointment of certain advisers and to sanction the future appointment of certain advisors in connection with possible future enforcement of security and to facilitate any ongoing negotiations with Thule Drilling ASA.
In respect of the First Lien Meeting, for a valid resolution to be passed, a minimum presence of 2/10 of the outstanding bonds issued under the First Bond Issue is required. For the avoidance of doubt, the Instructing Bondholders constitute in excess of 75% of the currently outstanding bonds issued under the First Bond Issue and so their approval of any proposed resolution constitutes at least 2/3 of the votes cast.

M AILIN G ADDRESS ® P.O .BO X 147O VIKA, N -O I16 OSLO

LO CATIO N ® HAAKON VII GATE I, O SLO , NORWAY

phone © +47 22 87 94 00 fax © +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail ® mail@trustee.no

«» NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
Similar provisions apply in respect of meetings convened by bondholders holding bonds issued under the Second Bond Issue and/or the Phoenix Bond Issue, however no meetings of these individual classes of bondholders have not yet been convened. The holders of bonds issued pursuant to the Second Bond Issue and/or the Phoenix Bond Issue are, however, entitled to convene a meeting of their respective class of bonds.
Telephone conference - Update of the situation for all Bondholders:
Bondholders are hereby summoned to a conference call:
Time: Monday 18 May 2009 at 15:00 hours (Oslo Time) Place: Telephone Conference (dial-in details will be provided after evidencing ownership of bonds, see above for details)
Bondholders of the First Bond Issue are hereby summoned to a conference call:
Agenda:
1. Update on the current status of Thule Drilling ASA.
2. Information in respect of the proposed appointment of advisors to facilitate current and future negotiations with Thule Drilling ASA and the recovery of resultant fees from the Thule Drilling ASA in priority to amounts payable to Bondholders and in particular, costs relating to no. 6-9 inclusive and other enforcement set out in the Agenda to the First Lien Meeting set out below.
Bondholders' Meeting - First Lien Meeting (SEE IMPORTANT NOTICE BELOW):
Holders of bonds issued pursuant to the First Bond Issue are hereby summoned to a meeting:
Time: Tuesday 19 May 2009 at 13:00 hours (Oslo Time) Place: The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 0116 Oslo - 5thfloor
Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons.
2. Approval of the agenda.
3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman.
4. Update on the current status of Thule Drilling ASA.
5. Ratification of the decision of Instructing Bondholders to form a co-ordination committee and approval of its role.
6. Ratification of the appointment of Legal Advisers: Berwin Leighton Paisner as coordinating counsel and other legal counsel as advised by Berwin Leighton Paisner LLP from time to time.

« NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
7. The approval of the Loan Trustee to appoint a suitable Financial Adviser as notified to it by a majority of the Instructing Bondholders, if required in respect of enforcement proceedings.
8. The approval ofthe Loan Trustee to appoint a suitable Rig Broker as notified by a majority of the Instructing Bondholders, if required in respect of enforcement proceedings.
9. The approvalof the Loan Trustee to appointa suitable technical advisor as notified by a majority of the Instructing Bondholders, if required in respect of enforcement proceedings.
10 Costs relating to no. 6-10 inclusive and other enforcement costs to be deducted from the sale proceeds prior to Bondholders receiving the remaining proceeds.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given the power o f attorney to implement the resolution, hereunder to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with the resolution as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including make necessary amendments to the Loan Agreement.
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 o f the Bonds o f the First Bond Issue represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 2/10 of the voting Bonds o f the First Bond Issue must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Loan Agreement of the First Bond Issue will remain unchanged.
-oOo-
IMPORTANT NOTICE IN RESPECT TO THE FIRST LIEN MEETING:
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depositoiy (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post --please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.

© NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
Any questions regarding the above summons may be directed to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Ola Nygaard (nygaard@trustee.no) or Bugge, Arentz-Hansen & Rasmussen, Richard Sjoqvist (ric@bahr.no).
Kind regards NofskLTillitsman« ASA
la Nygård

