AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NUMBER 2 (this "Amendment Agreement No.2") made

and entered on this

August 2010 to the

Loan Agreement "FRN Sea Production Ltd Callable Senior Secured Bond Issue

2007/2012" - ISIN NO 001 035463.2 dated 9 February 2007 (the "Loan Agreement")

(as amended by the Amendment Agreement dated 23 July 2010 (the "Amendment

Agreement")) (together, the Loan Agreement and the Amendment Agreement

being the "Agreement") between:-

Sea Production Ltd, company no. 39562, of Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda (the "Borrower");

and

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA of Haakon Vlls gate 1, N-0161 Oslo, Norway, company registration no. 963 342 624 as Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Loan Trustee")

BACKGROUND
WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Loan Trustee executed the Loan Agreement and the Amendment Agreement and NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promise and the mutual covenants contained herein, the Borrower and the Loan Trustee hereby amend the Agreement as follows:
It is further agreed as follows:-
(1) This Amendment Agreement No. 2 shall be effective as of 15 July 2010.
(2) The Agreement is hereby amended as expressly set out in this Amendment Agreement No. 2.
(3) The definition of "Sea Jaguar Proceeds Amount' is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
"``Sea Jaguar Proceeds Amount' means the amount (in USD) equal to the gross sale proceeds received by the Borrower in relation to the sale of the Aframax Tanker M/S Sea Jaguar."
(4) This Amendment Agreement No. 2 is supplemental to and shall form part of the Agreement. Nothing in this Amendment Agreement No. 2 shall be construed as varying the terms and conditions of the Agreement other than as expressly set out in this Amendment Agreement No. 2. Except as expressly amended herein, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall continue and remain in full force and effect.
(5) From the effective date of this Amendment Agreement No. 2, the Agreement as amended by this Amendment Agreement No, 2 constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all other agreements or arrangements, whether written or oral, express or implied, between the parties.

(6) Disputes arising out of in connection with this Amendment Agreement No. 2 which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian Law in the Oslo City Court.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment Agreement No. 2 to be duly executed and signed as of the day and year first above written.

Sea Production Limr

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

tVUCHftt-L LUK6
cz<n^
J-l Quåwvt

Signature: Name : Position Date

I'Ui'iA. I J 6 (/,

The terms of this Amendment Agreement No. 2 are acknowledged and approved by Puffin Limited.
Signed for and on behalf of Puffin Limited

u Director

Date:

3 t\ i-fi T 3o i i>

The terms of this Amendment Agreement No. 2 are acknowledged and approved by Melrose Shipping Company Limited.
Signed for and on behalf of Melrose Shipping Company Limited

Director Date. J

J »q Li y j I"

Q jr

The terms of this Amendment Agreement No. 2 are acknowledged and approved by

Langford Shipping Company Limited.

^

Signed for and on behalf of

Langford Shipping Company Limited '§(

HJ

Director Date: «XX H sT
The terms of this Amendment Agreement No. 2 are acknowledged and approved by Wisdom Shipping (S) Pte Limited.
Signed for and on behalf of Wisdom Shipping (S) Pte Limited

Director Date: 3 x x?i-<6"ti 11 <xoi,o

)

