NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.trusfee.no
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:

ISIN: NO 001 0400328 -13.00 per cent Aladdin Oil & Gas Company ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2007/2009 with Warrants

Oslo, 30 July 2009
Proposal to amend Loan Agreements - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is appointed as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee") for the above mentioned Loan issued by Aladdin Oil & Gas Company ASA (the "Borrower" or the "Company").
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the agreement of the Loan (the "Loan Agreement") or this summons (including the company update in Exhibit 1 hereto) unless otherwise stated.
The Company has engaged Einar Lyche at Lyche, Holst & Partners as its financial adviser with respect to the Proposal, as defined below. Bondholders may contact Einar Lyche at telephone +47 90594959 or e-mail einar.lyche@lhp.no alternatively Christian Holst at telephone +47 95255849 or e-mail Christian.holst@lhp.no for further information. The financial adviser acts solely for the Borrower and no one else in connection with the Proposal. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the financial adviser with respect to the Borrower, and the financial adviser expressly disclaim any and all liabilities whatsoever in connection with the Proposal.
The information in this summons resardins the Borrower and market conditions are vrovided by the Borrower, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

1. Background
In addition to this summons letter, the Borrower has provided a separate document which is intended to give an update o f the Borrower's financial and operational status (the "Company Update"), enclosed as Exhibit 1 to this summons. Bondholders are encouraged to read both documents.

M AILIN G A D D R E SS « P .O .B O X I4 7 O V IK A , N -O Il6 O SLO

LO CATIO N ® H AAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

p h on e ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr » no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail ® mail@trustee.no

2. Proposal

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA www.mistec.no

The Borrower has approached the Loan Trustee to convene a Bondholders meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes in the Loan Agreement as set out in this section (the "Proposal").

The Company seeks the Bondholders' consent to the following amendments to the Loan Agreement:
1. Extend the Maturity Date from 10 December 2009 to 10 December 2010 (the "Extended Maturity Date").
2. Redeem the Loan as follows: a. NOK 5 million on 10 June 2010 at 100% of par value plus accrued interest,
Partial redemption will be carried out pro-rata. To facilitate the partial redemption, there will be a split of the Bonds so that the new face value of each Bond will be NOK 1.0.
3. Include a new redemption option ("Call Option"): The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows:

(i) any time from and including the Disbursement Date to, and included, the Extended Maturity Date at 101 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
Partial redemption of the Loan will be carried out pro rata
4. As a compensation the Bondholders will receive a total number of 3 million warrants (the "Warrants"):
The main terms of the Warrants are as follows:

Number of warrants to be issued: Type of warrants: Warrant Exercise Period:
Strike:

3,000,000 (three million). Each Bondholder will have the right for a proportionate stake of the warrants corresponding to their proportionate stake of the Loan.
Fully tradable. Upon exercise, one warrant may be exercised for one new share at Strike.
The Warrant Exercise Period commences on Issuing Date (as defined below) and expires on the Extended Maturity Date.-
The warrants are exercisable at any time during the Warrant Exercise Period subject to 10 days written notice.
NOK 3.50 per warrant, anti dilution protection will apply.

Listing:

The Company shall take all reasonable actions to seek listing of the Warrants on the Norwegian Securities Dealers Association (OTC list), without undue delay, following the Issuing Date,

-2-

NO RSK TILLITSM A N N ASA
howeveiv no assurances can be made with respect to such listing
It is expected that the warrants will be issued to the Bondholders as soon as practically Possible, following the general assembly held on 18 August 2009, (the "Issuing Date").

3. Conditions:
The Bondholders acceptance of the Proposal is conditional on the adoption from the general assembly o f the Borrower on the 18 August 2009.

4. Evaluation of the Proposal
4.1 The Borrowers evaluation of the Proposal
Reference is made to Exhibit 1 (Company Update) hereto setting out further background on the Borrower's financial and operational status. The Proposal set out under paragraph 2 above will in the Borrower's opinion significantly facilitate the raising of further capital effectively ranking junior to the Bondholders and hence, potentially reduce the risk of a future payment default under the Loan Agreement.

4.2 The Loan Trustee's evaluation of the Proposal
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.
It is recommended that the Bondholders consult with their own advisors to evaluate the consequences of the Proposal.

5. Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

7 August 2009 at 10:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval o f the summons. 2. Approval o f the agenda. 3. Election o f two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change o f the Bond Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

I ® # ', N O R SK TILLITSM A N N ASA
The Bondholders ' meetfhg dpphoTé the relevant part o f the Proposal as described in clause 2 in the summons to this Bondholders 'meeting.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given the power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with decisions made by the Bondholders 'meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including make other necessary amendments o f the Loan Agreement and collect necessary legal opinions.
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour o f the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership o f the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page o f this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Liv Mona Arhtzen r '
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form Exhibit 1: Company Update
-4-

Background

Company ASA

Aladdin Oil & Gas Company ASA ("the Company") is a Norwegian based exploration and production company, headquartered in Oslo and listed on the Norwegian OTC market under the ticker code AOGC. The Company owns the following Russian oil companies: OOO Geotechnologia which owns two oil- and gas licenses in the Timan Pechora Province in North-West Russia; as well as Company ZAO Orneftegaz and OOO Veselovskoye with a combined ownership of six oil licenses in the Orenburg Area.

Financial Situation
On 15 October, 2008 the Company agreed an equity placing with the Cypriote company Venatino Ltd ("Venatino") whereby the latter subscribed shares for a total of NOK 155 million. The placing should take place in three tranches with the last and largest tranche to take place in January 2009. The issue price agreed was NOK 7.70 per share.
In January Venatino declared that it was not able to meet its commitments under the third tranche in its entirety due to general problems as a result of the downturn in the world economy. As a result a rescheduled payment plan to be completed by the end of the second quarter was negotiated.
As of today's date Venatino has paid in approximately NOK 80 million.
Venatino owns substantial assets in addition to its shares in the Company, but has not access to current liquidity to cover the remaining portion of the placing of approximately NOK 75 million. Venatino is continuously working on solutions to release further liquidity in order to complete the share placing but there is substantial uncertainty related to the timing of when this can be achieved. Venatino have continuously stated its commitment to complete their agreed purchase of shares in the Company.
Based on the uncertainty described above the Company is now in a position where it needs to urgently explore alternative solutions for raising sufficient additional funds to cover both operating and development costs. The Company is engaged in several discussions regarding both debt and equity with various direct and indirect sources of funds in Nonway, UK and Russia. During these discussions and negotiations it has become clear that unless the maturity of the NOK 50 million bond issue maturing on 10 December 2009 can be extended by at least one year such additional capital raising will be difficult if not impossible.
The Company is therefore requesting a one year extension of the final maturity of this loan.
The Operating Situation
The Company intends to use additional operating liquidity to complete the work programme for 2009 for its 3 operating subsidiaries in Russia. By completing this work programme for 2009 the Company is of the opinion that it is close to be able to finance future operations with revenues from its production of oil and gas. The following elements of the 2009 work programme remains to be completed;
0 Completion of the gas project in the MS licence. Start of production is estimated for the 4th quarter 2009. The negotiations of the final sales agreement based on the cooperation agreement with Komiregiongas (a subsidiary of Gasprom) are proceeding according to plan. Estimated volume is 150,000 cum per day for 2009 with increases as and when further wells are connected.
® Testing of gas wells of the MS licence according to international standards, the purpose being to (i) secure gas deliveries according to agreements and (ii) account for reserves according to SPE classification.
® Testing of oil discoveries in the MS licence before drilling new wells. ® Drilling of an oil production well in the Bogdanovskoye licence in Orenburg in order to further
develop the licence. » Seismic surveys of OOO Veselovskoye.

Aladdin Oil & Gas Company ASA, Øvre Slottsgate 14, 0157 Oslo Telefon +47 22 97 99 00, telefaks +47 22 97 99 01

a mi
The Company's work programme for 2010 includes the following:

Oil & Gas
Company ASA

® Development of gas field no. 14 on the MS licence in Uktha, provided that the extended gas test confirms that the discovery is commercial. It is expected that the development of the gas field will be completed by the second half of 2010.
® Continue sidetrack drilling on Bogdanoyskaya and develop the oil discoveries on the Veselovskaya licences in Orenburg in order to boost production.

Aladdin Oil & Gas Company ASA, Øvre Slottsgate 14, 0157 Oslo Telefon +47 22 97 99 00, telefaks +47 22 97 99 01

