NORDIC TRUSTEE

Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA

To the bondholders in:

ISIN NO 001 068383.2

8.875 per cent Latina Offshore Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018

Oslo, 10 October 2016
Notice of a Written Bondholders' Resolution
Nordic Trustee A SA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue") issued by Latina Offshore Limited as issuer (the "Company" or the "Issuer").
Capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement originally entered into on 3 July 2013, as amended on 11 October 2013 and 5 September 2016 (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated.
The Issuer has requested that the Bond Trustee issue this request for a written Bondholders' resolution pursuant to Clause 16.5 (Written Resolution) of the Bond Agreement to consider approval o f the Proposed Resolution (as defined below).
The information in this notice regarding the Issuer and the described transactions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1 BACKGROUND
The Issuer has been in discussions for some time with an `ad hoc' committee of Bondholders with respect to potential amendments to the Bond Agreement, in light of the Issuer's financial position and current cash flows.
The discussions have been constructive, and in light o f this the Issuer is proposing the amendments to the Bond Agreement as are set out in the term sheet included hereto as Schedule 2 (such amendments the "Bond Amendments").
2 PROPOSED RESOLUTION
Based on the above, the Issuer hereby proposes the following (the "Proposed Resolution"):
" The Bond Amendments are hereby approved. The Bond Trustee is hereby authorised and instructed to prepare, approve, finalise and enter into and execute and/or agree to such documentation necessaty or advisable, including appropriate amendment and restatement agreement and amended Bond Agreement, amendments to any Finance Documents and/or Project Documents and to take such steps as are required, in each case in the absolute discretion o f the Bond Trustee, in order to give effect to the Bond Amendments (including any logical or consequential amendments), such authorisations and instructions

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

to take effect as a Written Resolution. In case the terms and conditions set out in the Bond Amendments should be inadequate to determine corresponding amendments to the Bond Agreement and other relevant documents, the Bond Trustee shall be authorised to rely on instructions from the ad hoc committee o f bondholders in consultation with its advisors in order to prepare and enter and/or agree into such amendments "
3 FURTHER INFORMATION
The Issuer has appointed Clarksons Platou Securities A S (the "A dvisor") as advisor in connection with the Proposed Resolution. For further questions to the Advisor, please contact Jørn Ringheim at ir@clarksons.com or +47 22 01 63 00.
For further questions to the Bond Trustee, please contact Morten S. Bredesen at mail@nordictrustee.com or + 47 22 87 94 00.
4 EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED RESOLUTION
The Proposed Resolution is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by any o f the Bond Trustee, the Parent or the Issuer or any o f their respective advisors. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposed Resolution is acceptable and vote accordingly.
Bondholders representing more than 2/3 o f the Outstanding Bonds have stated that they w ill vote in favour o f the Proposed Resolution.
5 WRITTEN BONDHOLDERS' RESOLUTION
Bondholders are hereby provided with a voting request for a Written Resolution pursuant to Clause 16.5 o f the Bond Agreement. For the avoidance o f doubt, no Bondholders' M eeting w ill be held.
For a vote to be valid, the Bond Trustee must have received it by post, courier or email to the address indicated in the enclosed form at Schedule 1 (the " V otin g F o rm " ) no later than 14 October 2016 at 13.00 hours (Oslo time) (the " V otin g D eadline" ).
Notwithstanding the Voting Deadline, and subject to the provisions o f Clause 16.5.6 o f the Bond Agreement, the Proposed Resolution will become effective automatically upon receipt o f affirmative votes by or on behalf o f the Bondholders who at the date o f this notice represent such majority o f votes as would be required if the Proposed Resolution was voted on at a Bondholders' Meeting (which, for the avoidance o f doubt, is 2/3 o f the V oting Bonds pursuant to Clause 16.3.5 o f the Bond Agreem ent) at which all Bondholders entitled to attend and vote thereat were present and voting.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee A SA
Morten S. Bredesen
Enclosed:
Schedule 1: Voting Form Schedule 2: Bond Amendments Term Sheet

ISIN NO 001 068383.2

Schedule 1
Voting Form
8.875 per cent Latina Offshore Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018

The undersigned holder or authorised person/entity, votes in the follow ing manner:
1. The Proposed Resolution as defined in the Notice for a W ritten Bondholders' Resolution dated 10 October 2016:

D In favour o f the Proposed Resolution D Against o f the Proposed Resolution
ISIN
ISIN NO 001 068383.2
Custodian nam e

Am ount of bonds owned A ccount num ber at C ustodian

C om pany

D ay tim e telephone num ber Em ail

Enclosed to this proxy is the complete printout from our custodian/VPS,1 verifying our bondholding in the bond issue as o f ___________________________ , w hich also is our bondholding as the date hereof.
W e acknowledge that Nordic Trustee A S A in relation to the Bondholders' meeting for verification purposes may obtain information regarding our holding o f bonds on the above stated account in the securities register VPS.

Place, date

Return:

Nordic Trustee A SA P.O.Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo

Telefax: +47 22 87 94 10

Tel:

+47 22 87 94 00

mailto: mail@nordictrustee.com

Signature

1 If the bonds are held in custody other than in the VPS, an evidence provided from the custodian - confirming that (i) you are the owner of the bonds, (ii) in which account number the bonds are hold, and (iii) the amount of bonds owned.

Schedule 2
Term Sheet
Latina Offshore Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018
This term sheet (the "Term Sheet") sets out the terms for certain amendments to the 8.875 per cent Latina Offshore Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018 (the "Bond Issue") by Latina Offshore Limited (the "Issuer") as proposed by the Issuer and the Parent and which is requested approved by the Bondholders through a Written Resolution pursuant to the bond agreement for the Bond Issue, last amended on 5 September 2016 (the "Bond Agreement").
Capitalised terms not defined herein shall have the meaning setforth in the Bond Agreement.

Interest retention and deferral
Am ortisation deferrals
M inim um Liquidity Account

Clause 13.2.17 o f the Bond A greem ent shall be am ended to reflect that the Issuer shall be obligated to fund the Interest Retention Account only through and subject to the Cash Flow Sweep (as defined below), both with respect to payment o f the Deferred Interest Am ount and subsequent ordinary interest payments.
O n the Interest Paym ent Date in January 2017, 50% o f the interest due on such date shall be payable and the remaining 50% payable as part of and subject to the Cash Flow Sweep (or latest on Maturity) (any interest deferred and not paid on this Interest Paym ent Date, the "D eferred Interest Am ount").
For the avoidance o f doubt, no amendm ents are made to the interests due on subsequent Interest Payment Dates.
Clause 10.1.1 o f the Bond A greem ent shall be am ended to reflect a deferral o f instalm ents due in Septem ber 2016, January 2017 and July 2017, equaling a total deferral o f USD 40 m illion (the "D e fe rre d A m o r tiz a tio n "), w ith the next instalm ent paym ent o f USD 15 m illion falling due in January 2018.
The Deferred Am ortization shall be repaid through the Cash Flow Sweep after the Deferred Interest Am ount has been fully repaid and the full Retained Am ount having being paid into the Minimum Liquidity Account (as defined below). A ny part o f the Deferred Am ortization w hich is not paid pursuant to the Cash Flow Sweep shall be paid on the M aturity Date.
The instalm ent due in Septem ber 2016 w hich has been separated from the Bonds will technically be added back to the principal.
Clause 13.6.1 o f the Bond A greem ent shall be am ended to reflect that the Retained A m ou n t (as per Clause 13.6.1 (i)) and the requirem ent to m aintain Liquidity (as per Clause 16.6.1 (ii)) shall be increased from USD 5 m illion to USD 10 m illion, through the Cash Flow Sweep after the Deferred Interest Am ount is fully repaid. The Retained Am ount shall be deposited into and be held on the Minimum Liquidity Account.
The current Retained A m ou n t shall by 30 Septem ber 2016 be deposited

Schedule 2

into the Escrow Account o f Latina Offshore (account number 1250.05.05271) (to be renam ed the M inim um Liquidity A ccount) (the "M inim um L iq u id ity A ccount") which shall continue to be pledged and blocked in favor o f the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

Call option

Clause 10.2 o f the Bond A greem ent shall be am ended to reflect that the Issuer m ay redeem the Bonds (all or nothing) at par value plus accrued unpaid interest. Exercise o f the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer at least 10 Business Days prior to its settlem ent.

New Equity

The Parent shall transfer an am ount o f USD 7,540,625 (the "N ew E qu ity") (being an am ount o f USD 12 m illion less a total am ount o f USD 4,459,375 contributed by the shareholders o f the Parent and used for paym ent o f suppliers, taxes, salaries, IT and SG&A in relation to the Rigs during Septem ber 2016 (such contribution the "S e p te m b e r C o n trib u tio n ")) into an account o f the Parent w hich is pledged (but not blocked) in favour o f the Bond Trustee (the "N ew E quity A ccount"). The Parent may make withdrawals from the New Equity Account on a m onthly basis in order to cover payment o f Operating Expenses, SG&A and Capital Expenses according to Budget and documented factoring costs and Taxes o f the Parent or the Issuer and/or Rig Owners. In case the New Equity is to be used to cover such costs o f the Issuer and/or Rig Owners the relevant funds shall be provided from the Parent to the Issuer and in turn from the Issuer to the Rig Owners by w ay o f Subordinated Loans.

D istrib u tio n s

Clause 13.2.16 o f the Bond A greem ent shall be am ended to reflect that the Issuer shall not declare or make any dividends or other distributions o f any kind, until the Bond Issue has been repaid in full.

Am endm ents to bareboat charters

The Bareboat Charters shall, to the extent possible, be sought to be amended to avoid a continuing default (for example by implementing a flow-through payment structure upon receipt o f payment under the Charter Contracts reflecting the Cash Flow Sweep and Excess Cash Flow). A ny change shall be subject to further discussion and tax analysis, and any change shall be subject to the reasonable satisfaction o f the Bond Trustee, the Parent and the Issuer.

Cash Flow Sweep

A cash sweep mechanism (the "Cash Flow Sweep") shall be included in the Bond Agreem ent, w hereby 100% o f the Excess Cash Flow (as defined below) calculated on a m onthly basis and documented to the satisfaction o f the Bond Trustee shall be utilized in the following order as soon as reasonably possible following receipt o f any revenues or factoring proceeds from the Charter Contracts:

1. Up until the Interest Paym ent Date in January 2017, fund 3/6ths o f January 2017 interest paym ent into Interest Retention Account
2. Pay Deferred Interest A m ount 3. Build-up o f Retained A m ou nt to USD 10 m illion 4. Pay Deferred Am ortization

By "Excess C ash Flow" is understood to be any revenues or factoring proceeds from the Charter Contracts less the following m onthly

Schedule 2

expenses:

1. O perating Expenses o f the Parent, Issuer and/or Rig Owners according to Budget (or, where lower, the actual number)
2. SG&A o f the Parent, Issuer and/or Rig O w ners according to Budget (or, where lower, the actual number)
3. Capital Expenditures o f the Parent, Issuer and/or Rig O w ners according to Budget (or, where lower, the actual number)
4. Taxes (paid or accrued) 5. Factoring costs related to the Charter Contracts 6. Follow ing paym ent o f scheduled interest in January 2017,
1/6th o f next interest paym ent into the Interest Retention Account 7. From A ugust 2017, appropriation for 1/6th o f the next scheduled instalments

For the avoidance o f doubt, in case revenues or factoring proceeds from the Charter Contracts are not received on a m onthly basis the calculation o f Excess Cash Flow shall take into account deferred expenses from previous months. W ith respect to factoring, this shall be with reputable international or local banks or similar financial institutions on market terms.

By "B udget" is understood to be a budget agreed betw een the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, and which for Operating Expenses shall be equal to USD 810,000 per Rig per m onth (equal to USD 27,000 per Rig per day), for SG&A be USD 225,000 per Rig per m onth (equal to USD 7,500 per Rig per day), for m aintenance and repair Capital Expenditures be USD 2 m illion per Rig per year (equal to approxim ately USD 5,500 per Rig per day), in each case plus a 10% margin.

Clause 13.5.1 to Clause 13.5.3 o f the Bond Agreem ent, the provisions related to Accounts, Bareboat Charters and Intercompany Loans and any other term s o f the Finance Docum ents or Project Docum ents as required shall be amended to reflect the Cash Flow Sweep and Excess Cash Flow. Clause 13.5.4 and Clause 13.5.5 o f the Bond A greem ent shall be deleted.

The Issuer shall report the calculation o f the Excess Cash Flow and application thereof to Bondholders on a m onthly basis and maintain a report containing historical and accrued amounts in relation to the Cash Flow Sweep.

OPEX release

Upon a W ritten Resolution passing approval o f this Term Sheet, the Bond Trustee shall imm ediately release an amount equal to USD 3,663,483 from the Parent Earnings A ccount to the Parent to directly or indirectly pay accrued operating expenses o f the Parent, the Issuer, Rig 1 O w ner and/or Rig 2 O w ner in relation to the Rigs.

Other term s o f the Bond Issue

Other than as set out herein, together with any logical or consequential amendments, the Bond Agreem ent, Finance Docum ents and Project Documents shall remain unchanged.

Schedule 2
Conditions

T h e effectiveness o f the am endm ents set out herein shall be subject to:
- Due approval by the Bondholders o f this Term Sheet through a W ritten Resolution
- Evidence o f the Septem ber Contribution having been contributed and em ployed as set out under N ew Equity above.
- No Event o f D efault having occurred or continuing (other than any default w hich will be cured through the am endm ents set out herein).
- Evidence that the Bareboat Charter A m endm ents have been made.
- Finalization o f appropriate am endm ent agreem ent(s) satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
- O ther custom ary conditions precedent as reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee, including legal opinion(s) and security confirm ation.
As a condition subsequent, the Parent and the Issuer shall evidence no later th an 4 N ovem ber 2016 th at th e N ew E quity has b een transferred to and deposited in the N ew Equity Account.

