ISIN NO 001 032604.4
Amendment Agreement No I to
the Loan Agreement between
SeaBird Exploration Ltd (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee)
on behalf of the bondholders
(Bondholders) in bond issue FRN SeaBird Exploration Ltd Open Bond Issue 2006/2009

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA.

This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated on 29 May 2009 between SeaBird Exploration Ltd (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee").
1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement
This Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the of the loan agreement dated 13 July 2006 (the "Loan Agreement") "FRN SeaBird Exploration Ltd Open Bond Issue 2006/2009" --ISIN 001 032604.4, based on resolution adopted at the Bondholders' meetings dated 12 March 2009.
2. Amendment to the Loan Agreement
2.1 Unless a contrary indication appears, a term defined in the Loan Agreement has the same meaning in this Second Amendment Agreement.
2.2 The Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) Thefollowing definition on Clause 1 shall he amended and restated in its entirety to read asfollows:
M aturity Date: 14 July 2011
(ii) The thirdparagt'aph o f Clause 2.1 shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read asfollows'.
The bonds will be in denominations ofNOK I,each and rank pari passu.
(iii) Clause 10.1 shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read asfollows'.
The Loan shall be repaid by the Borrower in installments as follows:

Payment Date On the 12 of May] 2009 On Maturity Date

Amount 25 % of the Remaining Loan The Remaining Loan

Instalments must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository), and shall be made at 100 % of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
(iv) Clause 10 shall be amendedfarther by inserting a new clause 10.2 to be read as follows:

Each Bondholder is given a right of early repayment ("Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 55 % of par plus accrued and unpaid interest.

2

NOKS ICT I LUTS MANN ASA
The Bondholders who wish to exercise the Put Option must formally give notice of exercise. The Put Option must be exercised between 14 of April 2009 and 27 of April 2009 (the "Exercise Period").
The Bondholders may exercise the Put Option by giving written notice to this effect to their VPS account manager. The Bondholder's VPS account manager shall notify the paying agent of the Loan (the "Paying Agent") of the early repayment request within the Exercise Period. Repayment will take place 5 Banking Days after the end of the Exercise Period.
The Bonds in respect of which the Put Option has been exercised, shall be discharged upon repayment. (v) Clause 13.2 shall be amended by deleting the existing clause 13.2 (b) in its entirety (and shall be left blank).
3. Confirmation of the Loan Agreement
All other provisions of the Loan Agreement remain in full force. The Loan Agreement and this Amendment Agreement constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the above mentioned Bond issue.
4. Commencement The amendments to the Loan Agreement will commence when the Loan Trustee has received the following documents in form and content satisfactory to it: A. Written document evidencing that the Borrower has obtaining new equity in the amount of minimum USD 7 million and that such new equity is duly registered. B. The following documents in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee: (i) This Amendment Agreement duly signed,
(il) Certified copies of all corporate resolutions necessary to execute the Amendment Agreement,
(iii) Powers of attorney from the Borrower appointing relevant individuals to validly execute the Amendment Agreement, and
(iv) Written document evidencing that the required notification of commencement of the Exercise Period is given to the Bondholders (via VPS and Oslo Børs).
3

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
5. Governing Law Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court. Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee,
4

