ISIN NO 001 028568.7
LOAN AGREEMENT between
PA Resources AB (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA on behalf of Bondholders in bond issue
7.75 per cent PA Resources AB Bond Issue with Call Option 2005/2006

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

5

3 Listing

5

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

5

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

6

6. Conditions Precedent

6

7 Representations and Warranties

7

8 Status of the Loan and negative pledge

8

9 Interest

8

10 Maturity of the Loan

8

11 Interest in the event of late payment

9

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

9

13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan

9

14 Fees and expenses

10

15 Events of Default

11

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

12

17 Procedural rules

13

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16

19 Change of Bondholder's representative

15

20 Limitation

17

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

17

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 28 September 2005 between PA Resources AB (Swedish Company No 556488-2180) as Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as Loan Trustee.
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
*
The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Book Equity

means the booked equity of the Group on consolidated basis in accordance with Swedish GAAP.

Book Equity Ratio:

the ratio of Book Equity to Capital Employed

Bondholders

the holders of the Bonds

Bonds:

shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 2.1.

Borrower's Bonds

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower

Capital Employed

means the Book Equity plus Interest Bearing Debt.

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Didon Concession:

means the exploitation concession referred to as the "Didon Concession" granted by order of the Minister of Industry of the Republic of Tunisia, dated 2 December 1997, published in the Journal Officiel de la Republique Tunisienne on 12December 1997, the current holders of which are MP Zarat and Soco.

Didon Owning Subsidiary:

means the company, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Borrower, owning 22% of participation interests in the Didon Concession and has the right to operate it. On Disbursement Date the Didon Owning Subsidiary is Soco Tunisia Pty Ltd.

Disbursement Date:

29 September 2005.

Escrow Account:

the escrow account established by and in the name of the Borrower to be pledged and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), cf. Clause 6.4.

Exchange:

Securities exchange or other reputable exchange for Securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.

Final Closing:

means the final closing of the Group's acquisition of the remaining participation interests (78%)(without any encumbrance) in the Didon Concession, after which the Borrower (through the Didon Owning Subsidiary) will become the lawful, sole owner of the Didon Concession, and upon which the Borrower has received all necessary permissions and approvals from the public authorities for its owning of the Didon Concession.

Final Payment Date:

29 September 2006.

Interest Bearing Debt:

means the gross interest bearing debt - including financial instruments and other indebtednesses that have the commercial effect of a borrowing (e.g. guarantees and financial leasing commitments) - of the Group on consolidated basis in accordance with Swedish GAAP.

Group

the Borrower and its subsidiaries

Outstanding Loan:

Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds

Payment Date:

in relation to the Loan, the dates specified for payment of interest or principal. If Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day.

4

Remaining Loan:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirregisteret ("VPS") Securities Depository act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding Securities depository
2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the amount of USD 100,000,000(U.S. dollar onehundredmillion), herein referred to as "theLoan". The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 100,000each and rank pari passu. The Loan will be described as "7.75 per cent PA Resources AB Bond Issue with Call Option 2005/2006". The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be: NO 001 028568.7 The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Final Payment Date. The net proceeds of the Loan will be employed for financing the acquisition of the remaining participation interests (78%) in the Didon Concession.
3 Listing
3.1 The Bonds will not be listed.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.

5
^A

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholders' meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as `Bondholder's representative, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
6. Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least three Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly signed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and sign the Loan Agreement,
(c) certified copies of the Articles of Association of the Borrower and documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(d) confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian Law,
6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(e) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(f) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(g) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly signed,
(h) satisfactory documentation of (i) establishment of the Escrow Account, (ii) the pledge and blocking of the Escrow Account in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and (iii) confirmation that the bank in which the Escrow Account is established, has waived any right to set-off claims against the Escrow Account, and
(i) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan.
6.2 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to the above.
6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the Loan will be transferred to the Escrow Account on the Disbursement Date, cf Clause 6.4.
6.4 The Borrower shall establish an Escrow Account. The amount at the Escrow Account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) to secure repayment of the Loan (together with any interest accrued thereon and any other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement).
The net proceeds of the Loan shall be transferred to the Escrow Account. The amount on the Escrow Account shall be released by the Loan Trustee when Final Closing takes place, see however Clause 10.2. The Loan Trustee shall, as a condition for such release, receive a statement from the Borrower's external legal advisor confirming the Final Closing.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) all documents and information, including the term sheet and loan description in connection with this Loan presents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower which could have a material adverse change on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Loan Agreement,
(b) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid and
(c) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.

8

Status of the Loan

8.1 The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement are not secured by any mortgage, pledge or other Security, cf. however sub-clauses 6.4 and 13.1 (i).The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other existing senior debt of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.

9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan at a fixed rate of 7.75 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made in arrears on 29 September each year, the first Payment Date being 29 September 2006.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30vth or 31 day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.

10 Maturity of the Loan and Call Option
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Final Payment Date at par (100%).
10.2 During the entire term of the Loan, the Borrower may (i) before the Final Closing takes place, redeem all of the Remaining Loan, or (ii) after the Final Closing has taken place, redeem all or a part of the Remaining Loan (each a "Call Option"). Redemption due to a Call Option shall be at a price equal to 100.5% (plus accrued, unpaid interest) of nominal value.
Should the Borrower exercise the Call Option, the Bondholders must be informed of this in writing via VPS no later than 30 - thirty - Banking days before the date of redemption. If the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall immediately be informed.
Partial redemption shall be carried out by drawing lots between the Bonds.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be used for redemption of the Remaining Loan.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
If the Borrower exercises the Call Option, amount at the Escrow Account may be used to repay the Loan.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Interest Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5,00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2- 15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Borrower's undertakings during the term of the Loan
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of his own accord send to the Loan Trustee annual reports as soon as they are available,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
9
t) X

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
1(g) simultaneously with litra (b) above, send to the Loan Trustee a statement from the Borrower's Chief Financial Officer or from such other person in the executive management of the Borrower (who can legally bind the Borrower) stating the Borrower's compliance with the commitments in sub-clauses 13.1(h), 13.1 (i) and 13.2(c),
(h) maintain a Book Equity of more than SEK 750 000 000 (Swedish krone sevenhundredfiftymillion),
(i) maintain a Book Equity Ratio of at least 0.40,
(j) not, and procure that no member of the Group shall, mortgage, pledge assign or hypothecate any of its share in the Didon Owning Subsidiary or the shares or other assets in the Didon Concession without the prior written consent of the Loan Trustee, and
(k) not within a calendar year, make dividend payment, repurchase shares of the Borrowers share capital or make other distribution to the Borrowers shareholders that constitutes more than 50 % of the net profit after taxes of the Group on a consolidated basis for the previous financial year.
13.2 The Borrower shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting subject to Clause 16:
(a) cease to carry on its business,
(b) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature of its business which might jeopardise the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, or
(c) , and procure that the Didon Owning Subsidiary shall not, sell or dispose of all or any part of its share in the Didon Concession.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan will be deemed to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under The Loan Agreement; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under The Loan Agreement and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) any other loan or indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, the Borrower exceeding a total of NOK 10 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies - is or could be declared due prior to its agreed maturity caused by an event of default by the Borrower,
(d) the Borrower shall enter into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place, or a substantial part of the Borrowers assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint or
(e) The Borrower has presented the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders with incorrect or incomplete information, which has, or can have significant consequences for the Borrower's obligations, and ability to comply with such, in accordance with the Loan Agreement.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan.

11



\

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) The Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his Bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets,
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 d), provided that:
(a) the changes in the Borrower's corporate structure are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request o f
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) The Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17. lwithin five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause
18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders1meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause 18.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the Bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/10 or more of the Outstanding Loan, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral,
15
|H \

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(e) disposal of assets which are of material importance for the fulfilment of the Borrower's obligation under the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting In the event that less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17. lb) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in tithe pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18,1979 nr. 18.
21 Dispute resolution and legal venue 21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not
resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts. 21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee
The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.
17

