ISIN: NO 001 044650.3
Amendment Agreement No. 2 to
the Bond Agreement between
Front Exploration AS ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 11 per cent Discover Petroleum AS Senior Secured Callable Bond
Issue 2008/2012
O'

This Amendment Agreement No. 2 (the "Agreem ent") is dated on 9 July 2012 and made between:
(1) F ro n t Exploration AS (a company incorporated in Norway with Company NO 987 581 883) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) N orsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

WHEREAS:
(A) Reference is made to the bond agreement for "71 per cent Discover Petroleum AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2008/2012" with IS1N 001059802.2), originally dated 9 July 2008 and as amended (the "Bond Agreement").
(B) In the Bondholders' meeting held 9 July 2012, the Bondholders approved to extend the maturity and certain other changes of the Bond Agreement,-and authorised the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders to enter into this Agreement and to cany out any necessary completion work.
(C) The Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) and the Issuer has now agreed to amend the Bond Agreement on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement.
IT IS AGREED as follows:
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERFPRETATION

1.1 Definitions
In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
"Effective Date" m eans the date w hen the Bond Trustee has confirm ed by letter to the Issuer (A ppendix 1) that the conditions set out in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) o f this Agreement are fulfilled or, where applicable, waived, and represents the date when the amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence.

1.2 Incorporation of defined terms hr this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

a term defined in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) of the Bond Agreement has the same meaning

when used in this Agreement; and

(b) the principles o f construction set out in Clause 1.2 (Construction) o f the Bond Agreement shall have the effect as if set out in this Agreement.

1r

2

t S '- '"

2. REPRESENTATIONS
The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 under Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a)

on the date of this Agreement; and

(b)

on the Effective Date.

3. AMENDMENT
3.1 Amendment The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) The definition of "M aturity Date" in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) shall be amended to read as follows:
'" `Maturity D ate" means 31.01.2013, orfive days after the Issuer has received the 2012 refund , whichever comesfir s t. "

3.2 Continuing obligations
The provisions of the Bond Agreement shall, save as amended and restated by this Agreement and/or as temporarily waived by the Bondholders by resolution in the Bondholders' meeting dated 09 July 2012 (as the case may be), continue in full force and effect. References to the Bond Agreement in any other document shall from the Effective Date be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.

4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

(a)

The obligation of the Bond Trustee to accept that the Bond Agreement is amended in

accordance with the terms o f this Agreement is conditional upon the Bond Trustee having

received in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by all parties hereto,

(ii) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute this Agreement,

(iii) a power o f attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of this Agreement, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Issuer.

(b) When the conditions set out above are met in a manner satisfactoiy to the Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee shall inform the Issuer in writing o f the Effective Date.

3a
T

s. MISCELLANEOUS
5.1 Incorporation of terms The provisions Clause 18.7 {Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Agreement" are also references to this Agreement.
5.2 Additional Finance Document This Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Bond Agreement.
Each party to this Agreement acknowledge and agree that, with effect from the Effective Date, each reference in any Finance Document to the Bond Agreement shall be construed as a reference also to this Agreement. References to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.
6. GOVERNING LAW This Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.

Front Exploration AS

N orsk Tillitsm ann ASA

..(Jw&A r /~ .
Issueö

Bond Trustee

This Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

4

APPENDIX 1
To: F ro n t E xploration Date:
ISIN NO 001 044650.3 - AM END M ENT A G R EEM EN T NO 2 EFFECTIVE DATE NOTICE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA confirms that the conditions set out in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) of this Agreement are fulfilled or, where applicable, waived, and represents the date when the amendments to the Bond Agreem ent will commence on [date], and that this is the Effective Date. Best regards, NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
[Name]

vAy*-

5

