NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .trustee.no
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

To the bondholders in: ISIN NO 001053847.3 - FRN Blom ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2009/2012

Oslo, 7 June 2010
Temporary waiver of Gearing Ratio - Summons to Bondholders' meeting
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM"/ "Norsk Tillitsmann") acts as trustee (the "Bond Trustee") for the holders of bonds in the above-mentioned loan of NOKm 300 with ISIN NO 001053847.3 (the "Loan" / "Bond Issue") where Blom ASA (the "Company") is the borrower.
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreements dated 23 September 2009, (the "Bond Agreement") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
The information in this summons regarding the legal, operational and financial status o f the Company is provided by the Company. The Bond Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever related to such information givenfrom the Company.

1 BACKGROUND

As stated in the 4Q09 financial report as well as in the annual report for 2009, the Company identified irregularities in connection with the final audit of the Group's operations in Spain (the "Irregularities"). These Irregularities have affected the Company's revenues in 2008 and 2009, and subsequently led to significant adjustments of both the accounts for the fourth quarter of 2009 and the annual accounts for 2009. The adjustments in the group's accounts related to Spain amounted to NOK 29 million for 2009 at EBITDA level. Although the actual discrepancies were mainly during 2Q09 and 3Q09, the adjustment of NOK 29 million for the full year of 2009 was included in full in the 4Q09 accounts, as the previous interim reports had already been completed when the Irregularities were identified.

The accounting Irregularities in the Company's Spanish subsidiary has further led to operational changes, and the reorganisation of the operations in Spain marked the first half of 2010. This reorganisation was implemented after an extensive investigation that was conducted due to the identification of the Irregularities. The Company has implemented measures in consultation with its advisors to ensure that there is no reoccurrence. The extensive reorganisation, including replacement of people involved in the Irregularities, will strengthen the operations in Spain over time and increase the focus on the competence that has been built up at the Company's main office in Madrid. However, although the re-organisation will have negative impact on the operational results of the Spanish subsidiary in the short term, it was absolutely necessary to adjust the organization to the actual activity level in Spain.

M A ILIN G ADDRESS ® P.O .B O X I4 7 O VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LOCATION ® HAAKON V II GATE I , OSLO, NORWAY

phone ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-m ail · m ail@ trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
Some of the markets in which the Company operates have been affected by the general weakening in the global economy. This has resulted in temporary pressure on the prices in parts of the Company's operations. The Company has decided to focus on services where satisfactory margins can be achieved, and avoid project with lower margins. Consequently, the Company has intensified its implementation of activities to improve its cost and margin base. This strategy is expected to have an adverse impact on the Company's revenue growth in 2010, while it is expected to improve margins during 2010. Mid and long term such initiatives, combined with the Company's strong resource base and its ability to innovate, create the basis for higher revenues and stronger margins going forward, in the opinion of the Issuer.
The Company expects revenues for 2010 to be in line with 2009 revenues, while the overall margins are expected to increase slightly.
For further information about the Company, please visit the Company's website www.blomasa.com

2 PROPOSAL
In accordance with Clause 17.1 of the Loan Agreement the Company has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders meeting in order to amend the Bond Agreement, pursuant to the authority given to the Bondholders' meeting under Clause 16.1 of the Bond Agreement.

The Company proposes (the "Proposal"):

2.1 Temporary waiver of the Gearing Ratio
The Company proposes a temporary waiver of the Gearing Ratio (clause 13.5.2) implying that;

(i) On the Calculation Date on 30 June 2010, the Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Gearing Ratio of maximum 6.00x,
(ii) On the Calculation Date on 30 September 2010, the Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Gearing Ratio of maximum 5.50x,
(iii) On the Calculation Date on 31 December 2010, the Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Gearing Ratio of maximum 4.50x.

The date from and including this Bondholders' meeting to and including 31 December 2010 to be defined as the "Waiver Period".

After the Waiver Period, the Gearing Ratio shall be maximum 3.50 on every Calculation Date.

2.2 No dividends during the Waiver Period
The Company proposes a temporary amendment of the clause 13.5.1 "Dividends and other distributions";

(i) From and including the date of this Bondholders' meeting to and including 31 December 2010, the Company shall not make or declare any dividends or other distributions or loans to its shareholders.

2 -

-

H I # ' NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
(ii) Thereafter clause 13.5.1 shall be as stated in the Loan Agreement as prior to this Summons Letter being distributed.
2.3 Waiver fee
As a compensation to the Bondholders, the Company offers the Bondholders an one-time waiver fee of 1.50 % (flat) of the face of the value of the Bonds, payable to the Bondholders (with record date on the end of business the date of the Bondholders' meeting), within 10 banking days after the Bondholder meeting, provided that the Bondholders' meeting grants the proposes change as set out in clause 2.1 in this summon.
Prior to this summons letter being distributed, the Company has informed the Bond Trustee that they have received binding commitments from 2/3 of the Bondholders in the Loan who will support the Proposal.

3 EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED CHANGES
3.1 The Company's evaluation
In the Company's opinion, the reported 4Q 2009 accounts (which were adjusted by NOK 29 million) do not reflect the actual activity level in a normalized fourth quarter for the Company, as the Irregularities primarily relates to prior quarters in 2009 in reality. Consequently the NIBD / EBITDA ratio will not reflect the actual operations of the Company as long as the 4Q 2009 is included in the basis of calculations of the Gearing Ratio.
The Company is confident that the Irregularities in Spain have been solved. Furthermore, the Company already recognizes the positive effects from the restructuring in the Spanish subsidiary, and that there will be further positive effects through the year.
The Company is confident that it will be in compliance with the Gearing Ratio once the Waiver Period is over.
In the Company's opinion, the waiver fee offered to the Bondholders as a compensation for the Waiver Period should be a fair and balanced proposal.
The Company has engaged Pareto Securities AS and SEB Merchant Banking as the Company's financial advisors (the "Advisors") with respect to the Proposal. Accordingly, Bondholders may contact Pareto Securities AS Fixed Income Sales at +47 22 87 87 70 or SEB Merchant Banking Fixed Income Sales at +47 22 82 72 58 for further information. The Advisors are acting solely for the Company and no-one else in connection with the Proposal. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the Advisors with respect to the Company and the Advisors expressly disclaim any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal /including but not limited to the information contained herein).
3.2 The Bond Trustee's evaluation of the Proposal
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

3 -

-

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
4 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

23 June 2010 at 10:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1,0161 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Bond Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Proposal (as defined in the summons to this Bondholders ' meeting) is approved by the Bondholders 'meeting.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given the power of attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with decisions made by the Bondholders' meeting as well as carry out necessary completion work, including make other necessary amendments of the Loan Agreement.

***

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

4 -

-

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
urs sincerely rsk Tillitsmann ASA
Jens Samuelsen
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

5 -

-

