NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA www.trustee.no
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er knn utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in: ISIN NO 001031608.6 - 9.75 per cent Petromena ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2012 (the "9.75% Bond Loan") ISIN NO 001039578.3 - 10.85 per cent Petromena ASA Senior Secured Callable bond Issue 2007 / 2010 (the "10.85% Bond Loan"); and ISIN NO 001035264.4 - FRN PetroRig III Pte Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2014 (the "FRN Bond Loan")
Oslo, 29 September 2009
NOTICE OF PARTIAL REPAYMENT OF THE 9.75% BOND LOAN Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM" / "Norsk Tillitsmann") acts as loan trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") of the three bond loans mentioned above with ISIN NO 001031608.6, 001039578.3 and 001035264.4. NTM has on 14 September 2009 received USD 130,000,000 in partial repayment of the 9.75% Bond Loan. Bondholders of the 9.75% bond loan are requested to read the important information under section 2 below (Notice of Prepayment of the 9.75% Bond Loan). NTM will first provide a status report, recognising that the sensitive information will not be included in this status report as this may be detrimental to the interests of bondholders. 1. Summary of Events On 3 April 2009 NTM declared an Event of Default on all three bond loans referred to above. Petromena ASA and PetroRig III Pte Ltd ("Petrorig III", and references to Petromena will be both to Petromena ASA and Petrorig HI) disputed the Events of Default in their request for injunction against NTM on 17 and 20

M AILIN G AD D RESS · P .O .B O X 1 4 7 0 V IK A , N -O I16 OSLO

LO CATIO N · HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-m ail · m ail@ trustee.no

* NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.trustee.no
April 2009 requiring NTM to revoke the acceleration of the three bond loans. The Oslo Enforcement Court rendered its order on 24 April 2009 ruling in favour of NTM. Petromena filed an appeal and the Court of Appeal ruled again in favour of NTM on 30 June 2009. NTM has not yet received any appeal to this matter, which may be subject to appeal to the Supreme Court.
Petromena filed numerous requests for injunctions in Singapore, which now all have been stayed pending final court ruling in Norway.
NTM has also filed a claim against Larsen Oil & Gas Ltd ("LOG") for its failure to turn over net earnings from the "SS Petrolia" to Petromena Limited which where pledged to NTM on behalf of the bondholders in the 10.85 % Bond Loan. This matter is pending resolution in front of the Bergen District Court, but NTM has currently obtained arrestments in the amount of approximately USD 22 million and an additional USD 3.9 million has been turned over to NTM. This amount may increase or reduce depending on the development of the case. LOG has in their defence admitted that they owe USD 11.5 million in addition to USD 3.9 million already paid to NTM, but is (i) unwilling to provide sufficiently detailed information to verify the correctness of the amount, and (ii) has disputed that NTM has standing in front of the Bergen District Court.
The further enforcement steps of NTM has been to substitute certain board members in PetroRig I Pte Ltd, PetroRig II Pte Ltd and PetroRig III Pte Ltd which are closely related to Petromena and/or LOG with independent board members.
Each of PetroRig I Pte Ltd, PetroRig II Pte Ltd and PetroRig III Pte Ltd have sought protection under the US Chapter 11 proceedings (the "Chapter 11 Proceedings"). The rig known as Petrorig I has been sold by Jurong Shipyard after their termination of the shipbuilding contract with PetroRig I Pte Ltd. The funds of USD 205,000,000 vest with the US court until distributed to the secured creditors, here the 9.75 % Bond Loan. NTM is currently proceeding with the recovery and realisation process of other assets belonging to Petromena and pledged to the bondholders, unless a satisfactory solution is resolved with Petromena. The realisation process will only proceed to the extent permissible under US Chapter 11 proceedings.
It is expected that Petrorig II will be ready for delivery in late September or early October 2009 and Petrorig III in January 2010.NTM, together with bondholders, AMA, PetroRig II Pte Ltd and Petrorig III Pte Ltd are currently seeking to resolve which steps have to be taken in this respect. As Petromena has not been able to provide for an organised sale of the assets, it is expected that the sale value will be affected by the current development of the matter.
Petromena ASA has to NTM's information and belief stopped its payments and NTM has on 14 September 2009, pursuant to the enforcement instructions from bondholders, filed Petromena ASA for bankruptcy.

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.trustee.no
Please note that NTM has been informed that the debt owed by Petrorig I Pte Ltd, Petrorig II Pte Ltd and Petrorig III Pte Ltd will be calculated in USD at the exchange rate prevailing on 17 May 2009. The exchange rate is 6.5391. Any exchange rate loss until final repayment will be seeked to be recovered from the Petromena ASA and its subsidiaries.
2. Notice of Prepayment of the 9.75 % Bond Loan
The United States Bankrutpcy Court (the "Court") has approved that PetroRig I Pte Ltd shall remit the sum of USD 130,000,000 (the "Paydown Amount") out of available cash on-hand to be applied against the obligations under the 9.75% Bond Loan. The payment is however without prejudice to the right of a party in interest, to the extent such entity has properly filed adversary proceedings or is a contested matter pursuant to the proceedings of the Court. The amount shall be held on an escrow account of NTM provided however that any bondholders under the 9.75% Bond Loan who provides Petrorig I Pte Ltd with appropriate certification (a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A, the "Certification") may receive its pro rata share of the Paydown Amount prior to the expiration of the challenge period, deducted with any costs and expenses NTM may have had and will have as estimated by NTM. NTM will not assume any liability as to any cost, expenses, loss of any sort in respect of any claim of repayment. USD 125,000,000 (the "Partial Repayment Amount") will be paid out to bondholders or allocated to bondholders while USD 5,000,000 will be retained to cover any costs, losses and expenses of NTM.
Repayment Procedure:
Calculation and administration o f the repayment
1. NTM will calculate all accrued interest, premium and principal owed as of 14 September 2009.
2. The waterfall of the Partial Repayment Amount will be as follows:
(i) firstly, to pay all accrued, unpaid interest to 14 September 2009 of the 9.75 Bond Loan,
(ii) second, to pay the whole premium of 7 % of the 9.75 Bond Loan, and
(iii) third, a pro-rata partial redemption of the 9.75 Bond Loan.
The record date of the partial repayment will be 29 September 2009 (end of business). To facilitate the pro-rata partial redemption, all Bonds will be split to NOK 1.
For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid implies that accrued interest and premium of nonredeemed bonds will be settled per 14 September 2009.
3. To facilitate the requirement from the Court, the partial repayment (as set out above) will be carried out as a payment-in-kind in form of bonds

lip# * NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.mistec.no

representing the counter value (based on the exchange rate of 14 September 2009) of USD 125,000,000 in NOK with a separate ISIN number (ISIN NO 001 054314.3) of the current loan (the "Allotted Bonds").

4

Bondholders providing the Qualified Documentation (as defined below), will be able to transfer

Allotted Bonds to NTM's client account in return for payment in cash. Each bondholder which has

presented the Qualified Documentation may require its share of the Partial Repayment Amount to

be paid out in USD or NOK as set out in the Qualified Documentation.

5. The amount not repaid to bondholders will be deposited in USD on NTM's client account until finality of payment, whereupon it will be converted to NOK and distributed to bondholders.

Qualified Documentation
1. In order to be successful in obtaining a Paydown Amount, each bondholder under the 9.75% Bond Loan will have to carefully read the Certification (Annex 1) and abide to its terms. Petrorig I Pte Ltd will be entitled to reject the signed Certification if it is not satisfactory to them.
2. Bondholders should upon agreeing to the terms of the Certification, sign such Certification and (i) send a PDF copy as set out below, and (ii) forward a signed and notarised original as set out below.
Address to which the Certification is to be sent:
Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP Attn.: Natalie Levine One Bryant Park New York, N Y 10036 USA
E-mailfor PDF: nlevine@AkinGump.com and dpouladian@akingump.com
PDF copies should be sent to both nler\hne(d>AkinGump.com and dpouladian@akinsump.com.
3. Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP ("Akin") will on behalf of Petrorig I Pte Ltd confirm to each submitting bondholder whether or not the certification has been approved both by e-mail and with a copy to NTM (mail®,trustee.no ) and the Paying Agent (issuerservices(d),nordea.com ).
4. Each Bondholder shall upon approval and confirmation by Akin, present to NTM and the Paying Agent the completed form named "Request for payment". Upon receipt of the request, the confirmation from Akin, the appropriate number of Allotted Bonds shall be transferred to the

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .tm sree.no
Paying Agent in accordance with instructions given by the Paying Agent. Upon NTM and the Paying Agent having been satisfied of the receipt of the aforementioned, NTM (via the Paying Agent) will, transfer an amount in USD or the USD amount in NOK on the payment date to the relevant bondholder.
Allotted Bonds -feature The Allotted Bonds are not eligible for voting and will only carry an interest rate set by NTM. The interest rate will reflect the deposit rate received by NTM for funds held on NTM's client account. Queries If you have any questions in relation to the procedure outlined above, please contact Norsk Tillitsmann:
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Haakon VII gate 1 0161 Oslo Norway Tel: +47 22 87 94 00 E-mail: mail@trusteee.no
Yours sincerely

e NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.tmstee.no
EXHIBIT A FORM OF:CERTIFICATION

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.lTiistee.no
CERTIFICATION
Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP Counsel for the Debtorsi Attn: Ira Dizengoff, Esq. and Kenneth Davis, Esq. One Bryant Park New York, New York 10036
Office o f the United States Trustee Attn: Andrea Schwartz, Esq. 33 Whitehall Street, 21st Floor New York, NY 10004
Bingham McCutchen LLP Counsel to the Trustee Attn: Steven Wilamowsky, Esq. 399 Park Avenue New York, New York 10022-4689
RE: In re: PetroRig I Pte Ltd., et a l. Case No. 09-13083 (JMP) (Jointly Administered)
Reference is made to that certain Stipulated Final Order (I) Authorizing Use o f Cash Collateral Pursuant to Sections 105, 361 and 363 o f the Bankruptcy Code and (II) Providing For Intercompany Financing Pursuant to Sections 105 and 364, (III) Approving the Authorized Amount on a Final Basis and (IV) Granting Replacement Liens, Adequate Protection and Super Priority Administrative Expense Priority to Prepetion Lenders (the "Cash Collateral Order"), a copy o f which is attached hereto, which was entered in the above-referenced chapter 11 cases on A ugust__, 2009 by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District o f New York (the "Bankruptcy Court").
Pursuant to paragraph 6(d) o f the Cash Collateral Order and in consideration for receipt o f its pro rata portion (the "Paydown Share") o f the $130,000,000 paydown referenced in the Cash Collateral Order to be made in accordance with the terms and conditions o f the Cash C ollateral Order (together, the "Paydown"), the undersigned 9.75% Bondholder and, to the extent applicable only if elected by the 9.75% Bondholder, the undersigned affiliate or subsidiary of the 9.75% Bondholder (the "Affiliate Guarantor")21 hereby:
1Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Cash Collateral Order.
2The 9.75% Bondholder and the Affiliate Guarantor, if applicable, that executes this Certification is referred to herein as the "Certifying Party". For the avoidance o f doubt, however, if the 9.75% Bondholder elects to include an Affiliate Guarantor, while both entities shall execute and be subj ect to the terms o f the Certification, only the Affiliate Guarantor shall be required to make the certifications set forth in subparagraphs 3(i) and (ii)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.lTUsree.no

1. Consents, as required by the Cash Collateral Order, to the personal and subject matter jurisdiction o f the Bankruptcy Court with respect to (i) the potential disgorgement or recharacterization of the Paydown Share (or any portion thereof) received by the 9.75% Bondholder pursuant to the terms o f the Cash Collateral Order, including, without limitation, any discovery sought in connection therewith and (ii) any matters, claims, rights or disputes arising from or related to the construction and enforcement o f the Cash Collateral Order, including, w ithout limitation, to grant any m odifications, or injunctive or declaratory relief necessary to give full force and effect to the terms thereof.
2. Consents, as required by the Cash Collateral Order, to accept service by overnight courier addressed to the recipient(s) at the address set forth below of any motion or summons and complaint relating to an action specified in paragraph 1 above or any properly issued discovery demand served in contemplation thereof.

3. Certifies that based upon either:.?

(a)

its latest form 10-Q or form 10-K, if the 9.75% Bondholder or the Affiliate

Guarantor, if applicable, is an SEC Registrant, or

(b) a statement of assets and liabilities, prepared as o f a date not more than forty-five (45) days prior to service o f the certification on the Debtors, with (i) footnote disclosures of sufficient detail to verify the amount o f its liquid assets or (ii) a condensed schedule o f investments prepared in connection with such statement o f assets and liabilities (with the information mandated by the Cash Collateral Order, if the 9.75% Bondholder or the Affiliate Guarantor, if applicable, is not an SEC registrant or is an SEC registrant that is delinquent in its SEC filings or is not required to make any SEC filings,

(i)

such Certifying Party maintains a net asset value in excess of 500% o f the

Paydown Share; and

(ii) such Certifying Party is (x) in possession and control o f unencumbered liquid assets exceeding 200% o f the Paydown Share or (y) in possession and control o f encumbered liquid assets exceeding 400% o f the Paydown Share.

4. Acknowledges its obligation under the Cash Collateral Order to (i) promptly provide a certificate to counsel for the Debtors and counsel for the Trustee at the addresses listed above (but in no event more than three (3) business days after receipt o f actual knowledge), (a) o f the occurrence of any "Event o f Default" or similar default under any applicable contract or credit agreement which would result in the inability o f the Certifying Party to return to the Debtors the 9.75% Bondholder's Paydown Share in accordance with the terms hereof and the Cash Collateral*3

below and provide the supporting financial information (either in the form o f its latest form 10-Q or 10-K or its statement o f assets and liabilities as provided herein).
3 In each case o f (a) and (b) o f this paragraph a true, accurate and complete copy o f which has been delivered to the United States Trustee and the Debtors' Counsel, Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP (at the above address) for review in consultation with the Trustee's Counsel, Bingham McCutchen LLP.

2

^ g p r © NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.trusree.no

Order or (b) if any o f the foregoing representations and certifications set forth in paragraph 3 above is no longer accurate.

5.

Acknowledge(s) that receipt of the Paydown Share by the 9.75% Bondholder does not

constitute a defense to any Challenge (as defined in the Cash Collateral Order).

6.

In the event an Affiliate Guarantor's signature is affixed below, such Affiliate Guarantor

expressly consents to be bound and acknowledges its obligations under the terms o f the Cash

Collateral Order, including, without limitation, the obligations with respect to the potential

disgorgement of the Paydown Share pursuant to the terms of the Cash Collateral Order and the

consent to jurisdiction as set forth in paragraph 1 above (it being acknowledged and agreed that

nothing herein shall affect the obligations o f the 9.75% Bondholder to disgorge the Paydown Share

if required except that any recovery from the Affiliate Guarantor shall reduce the obligations of the

9.75% Bondholder dollar for dollar).

To the extent there is any settlement or compromise or entry o f a final non-appealable order or judgm ent by any court o f competent jurisdiction that (i) has the effect o f fully or partially (a) reducing, (b) invalidating, (c) annulling, (d) limiting, (e) subordinating, (f) recharacterizing, (g) waiving, (h) disallowing or (ii) otherwise determining that all or any portion o f the Prepetion Secured Obligations is unenforceable or avoidable as to any Debtor(s), the 9.75% Bondholder or the Affiliate Guarantor, as applicable, hereby expressly acknowledge(s) its/their obligations under the Cash Collateral Order to (x) comply with any resulting order requiring disgorgement o f all or any portion o f the Paydown Share entered by the Bankruptcy Court or any other court of competent jurisdiction and (y) return the applicable portion o f the Paydown Share to the Debtors or their designated agent no later than seven (7) business days after service by certified mail o f the final judgm ent to the address listed below and that the 9.75% Bondholder and Affiliate Guarantor, if applicable, hereby acknowledge(s) that the Cash Collateral Order further provides that a failure to return such amounts in accordance with the terms hereof or any other order o f the Bankruptcy Court or any other court o f competent jurisdiction is subject to penalty as determined by such court.

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED BY

______________________ , a 9.75% Bondholder

Dated:

, 2009.

By: Title: Address:

With a Copy to: Eugene Davis Tim Bernlohr Roger Hancock

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.UTKsiec.no

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED BY

____________________ , an Affiliate G uarantor

Dated:

, 2008.

By: Title: Address:

4

(f NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.tmstee.no

REQUEST FOR PAYMENT - IMPORTANT DETAILS TO BE COMPLETED FOR PAYMENT PURPOSES

By delivering a duly executed Certification form, bondholders irrevocably authorises the Paying Agent, VPS and the Loan Trustee to do all such actions required to give effect to the settlement.
We/I hold the following amount o f Allotted Bonds (as defined in the letter dated 29 September 2009 to the bondholders) which are registered as follows:

Amount of Bonds:

VPS account (must be filled in or prime broker account clearly stating ownership of the bonds)

We/I confirm that upon approval by Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP, we/I will transfer our/my Allotted Bonds in accordance with the instruction given by the Paying Agent. Payment Instruction: We/I hereby conform that we/I wish to receive the repayment amount in:
| | USD. We confirm that we wish to receive the repayment amount in USD in accordance with the following instruction: ffull wiring instruction!
| | NOK. We confirm that we wish to receive the repayment amount in NOK in accordance with the following instruction: ffull wiring instruction!
We/I acknowledge that repayment will not take place before we/I have transferred our/mv Allotted Bonds to the Paving Agent.

_____________________ , a 9.75%

Bondholder

Dated:

, 2009.

By: Title: Phone:

ii(ii)

