NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
To the bondholders in: ISIN: NO 001 0345374 - FRN B+H Ocean Carriers Ltd. Open Bond Issue 2006/2013
Oslo, 15 January 2013
JOINT PLAN OF REORGANISATION OF DEBTORS B+H OCEAN CARRIERS UNDER CHAPTER 11 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") is appointed trustee for the above captioned bond issue (the "Bond Issue") issued by B+H Ocean Carriers Ltd. (the "Borrower") in the outstanding amount of NOK 25,000,000. All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein, shall have the same meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement for the Bond Issue (the "Bond Agreement") or this notice. On 30 May, 2012, the Borrower reported that it had filed, along with several of its subsidiaries and related entities (together the "Debtors"), for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the "Court"). The Bond Trustee was, on behalf of the Bondholders, invited to join the committee of largest unsecured creditors (the "Committee") representing the interest of all unsecured creditors of the Debtors. The Committee retained Kelley Drye & Warren as its counsel. On 17 December, 2012, the Debtors filed the second amended joint plan of reorganization (the "Plan") with the Court. The Plan is a product of extensive discussion and negotiation by and among inter alia the Debtors, secured creditors and the Committee. The Plan's overall objective is to liquidate and distribute all assets of the Debtors to holders of claims in accordance with the priorities established by the Bankruptcy Code, but taking into account compromised and settlements by and among the Debtors, the Committee and secured creditors. The Plan does not provide for a consolidation of the Debtors' estates, the integrity of the separate Debtor estates is being observed in all respects. The anticipated rate of recovery for the Bondholders holding an unsecured claim against the Borrower is in the range of 7.21% to 7.38%. If the Plan is not confirmed as to a particular Debtor, such Debtor Chapter 11 case shall be converted to a case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code with claims against such Debtor likely receiving reduced recoveries as a result of the Chapter 7 administrative costs.
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.tmstee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
The Committee believes that the Plan provides treatment of general unsecured claims that is fair and equitable, and recommends to accept the Plan. Holders of unsecured claims that either (i) do not vote to reject the Plan, or (ii) abstain from voting, and do not elect to opt out of the release, shall share in the release fund and receive distribution. In case the Plan is not accepted in accordance with the voting requirements (by holders of at least two-thirds in amount and more than one-half in number of claims), the Court may nevertheless confirm the Plan if it finds the Plan fair and equitable. In order to avoid conversion o f any particular Debtor case to a case under Chapter 7 o f the Bankruptcy Code, and as such reduce the possible distribution to the Bondholders, the Bond Trustee will in principle vote in favor of the Plan. If the Bond Trustee receive any kind of objections from any o f the Bondholders within Friday 18 January (12:00 AM CET), it will abstain from voting and await the consideration of the Court. The Bondholders may contact the Bond Trustee in order to receive a copy of the Plan. Yours sincerely, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Sveinung Sleire
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo j Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

