FPSOcean
OTC announcement
FPS Ocean AS - extension of the contemplated private placement and postponement of the General Meeting
January 28th, 2009
Reference is made to OTC announcement dated January 20th and 22nd, 2009 where the Company announced a share capital increase of minimum NOK 490 million and maximum NOK 500 million.
The Board of Directors has decided to extend the subscription period until February 11th, 2009, due to substantial and positive indications received from industrial investors.
The conditional written proposals from investors amount to 65 -100% of the required USD 70 million equity funding. The Board of Directors requires additional time to evaluate the proposals and finalize agreements to reach a successful completion of the Company's attempted restructuring.
As a result, the Board cancels the Extraordinary General Meeting scheduled for January 28th and a new notice to shareholders will be sent out for a new Extraordinary General Meeting to be convened at or around February 11th.
The private placement is divided into two tranches; (i) tranche A, conducted towards, Norwegian investors and international institutional investors and to investors in such other jurisdictions as permitted or catered for by exemption rules under applicable securities laws with a minimum subscription price of EUR 50,000 and (ii) tranche B, directed towards existing shareholders, as registered in the VPS as of January 21st, 2009, with no minimum application amount, raising gross proceeds of minimum NOK 490 million and maximum NOK 500 million. The share price has been set to NOK 1 per share.
The Company has retained Pareto Securities AS as financial advisor.
FPS Ocean AS is listed on the Norwegian over-the- counter (N-OTC) under ticker code FPSO, on website http://www.nfmf.no. News release will be posted on the Company's website www.fpsocean.com
This news release may contain forward-looking statements which reflect the Company's current views about certain future events and financial performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from those projected or implied in such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result o f new information or otherwise. Due to such uncertainties and risks, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon such forward-looking statements.

FPSOcean
For further information, please contact CEO Einar Saunes or CFO Christian Mowinckel at +47 24117910
Page 2 of 2

