NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.irustse.no
Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA p å telefon + 47 22 87 94 00.
To the Bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001 036547.1 - Rocksource ASA Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2007/2012

Oslo, 23 November 2010
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee" or "NTM") is appointed as loan trustee for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Loan") with a total outstanding amount of NOK 200 000 000, which is issued by Rocksource ASA (the "Borrower" or "Rocksource").
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement dated 3 May 2007 (the "Loan Agreement") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
The information in this summons regarding the Borrower and market conditions is provided by the Borrower, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

1. BACKGROUND

Reference is made to the Bondholders' meeting held 19 November 2010 pursuant to a summons dated 11 November 2010 (available at www.stamdata.no).

The proposal was not adopted by the Bondholders, although 64.95% of the bonds represented at the meeting voted in favor.

Prior to the meeting, the Borrower made certain changes to the proposal, but the changes were not communicated to all Bondholders. Consequently, the Borrower has approached the Loan Trustee to summon a new Bondholders' meeting to consider the revised proposal.

The main revision is a clause whereby a sale of the new security that is offered, shall trigger a partial redemption of the Loan at 105% of par plus accrued interest. To preserve the value of the redemption at a premium, the Borrower's Call option (at 102% of par) shall be limited in the event of a sale of such assets.

The Borrower is looking to divest its US onshore operations and has received a bid of 9.35 MUSD. The divestment will be made either through a sale of the asset owning subsidiary/subsidiaries Rocksource Energy Corporation (REC), Sandhawk Energy LLC, or a sale of the assets themselves (the "US Onshore Sale"). These subsidiaries and the underlying assets are part of the Loan Security, so in order to carry out a sale, the Bondholders need to release pledges related to those assets and subsidiaries.

M AILIN G ADDRESS 5 P.O .B O X I4 7 O VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LOCATION S HAAKON V II GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax + +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail » mail@trustee.no

- N O RSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
www. cru sree.n o r
In return for the release of the pledges the Borrower offers that 25% of the gross proceeds from the US Onshore Sale shall be used towards a partial redemption of the Loan at price 100% of par plus accrued interest, within a short time after the transaction is carried out and the proceeds are received by the Borrower.
Further, the Borrower offers to redeem bonds at an additional premium upon Maturity of the Loan, or upon exercise of the Call option. This additional premium shall in aggregate equal 5% of the gross proceeds of the US Onshore Sale.
The Borrower offers to add certain pledges related to the Borrower's assets and subsidiaries involved in the Borrower's Gulf of Mexico operations to the Loan Security package, as well as an undertaking that in the event of a sale, for cash, of the 17 Gulf of Mexico leases (licenses), directly or indirectly through a sale of the ownership share in the relevant subsidiary (a "Sale of Gulf Assets"), the net sales proceeds from a Sale of Gulf Assets shall in lull be employed towards a partial Mandatory Redemption of the Loan at price of 105% of face value plus accrued interest. Except for the redemption price, and a prorata distribution between the Bondholders, such redemption shall follow the principles set out in clause 10.3 of the Loan Agreement.
In order to protect the value of a Mandatory Redemption triggered by a Sale of Gulf Assets, the Borrower agrees to limitations to the Borrower's right to Call the Loan at 102% of par in connection of such a sale.
2. PROPOSAL
The Borrower puts forward the following proposed amendments to the terms of the Loan (the "Proposal"):
a) All security related to REC, Sandhawk and the REC Assets are released in order to facilitate the sale o f the US onshore assets.
b) Rocksource shall redeem a principle amount of the Loan equal to 25% of the gross sales proceeds from a sale of Sandhawk or the REC Assets within 10 banking days from consummation of such sale and receipt of the sales proceeds. The partial redemption shall be carried out at 100% of the face value (par) plus accrued interest, and shall be carried out pro-rata between the Bondholders. To facilitate the pro-rata redemption, each Bond with a face value of NOK 500 000 shall be split into 500 000 Bonds with a face value of NOK 1.
c) Rocksource shall provide new Loan Security in way of a first priority pledge in all shares in the Borrower's subsidiary Rocksource Gulf of Mexico Corporation and its holding company Rocksource Gulf of Mexico AS and any accounts receivables against these companies and between Rocksource Gulf of Mexico AS and Rocksource Gulf of Mexico Corporation.
d) If, at any time before the Loan is repaid in full, the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries signs an agreement to, or receives settlement to the effect that (i) Rocksource Gulf of Mexico Corporation sells one or more of the leases it has been awarded in the US Gulf

N O RSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
www. trustee, no^
of Mexico per 30 November 2010 (for further description please see Attachment 1) (the "Leases") against cash settlement, or (ii) Rocksource Gulf of Mexico AS sells any of the shares in Rocksource Gulf of Mexico Corporation against cash settlement, or (iii) the Borrower sells any of the shares in Rocksource Gulf of Mexico AS against cash settlement, (each incident a "Sale of Gulf Assets") then Rocksource shall make early redemption of the Remaining Loan at the Redemption Price with an amount equal to the net cash proceeds (i.e. gross proceeds less reasonable sale cost) from such sale, however at a Redemption Price of 105 % of par plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount. In the event that a Sale of Gulf Assets takes place, Rocksource may not utilize the Call Option in the Loan Agreement clause 10.2 to redeem the portion of the Loan covered by the Mandatory Redemption. Rocksource Gulf of Mexico Corporation may not transfer the Leases (excluding any Farm-Out Agreements) to any other company within the Rocksource Group unless the Loan Trustee in writing has agreed otherwise. (The net proceeds shall cover the principal and the premium, but not the interest element, i.e. net proceeds of NOK 100 shall redeem a principal amount of [NOK 100/1.05 =] NOK 95.24) The redemption shall be carried out pro rata between the Bondholders.
e) The Proposal is conditional on that Rocksource and a bidder signs and consummates the sale of Sandhawk or REC Assets (hereunder the receipt of the sales proceeds by the seller) and the Board of Directors of Rocksource approves the sale of Sandhawk or the REC Assets, causing the current arbitration case in respect of REC, Sandhawk and the REC Assets to be settled as result of the sale.
f) Rocksource shall pay an additional 5 % of the gross sales proceeds from a sale of Sandhawk or the REC Assets at the maturity date of the Loan or earlier if the Borrower decides to exercise its Call Options as set out in the Loan Agreement.
The Proposal is a revision of the Borrower's earlier proposal voted upon in the Bondholders' meeting on Friday 19 November 2010, ref. new letter d above. The Loan Agreement will otherwise remain unchanged.
3. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED AMENDMENTS
3.1 The Borrower's evaluation
For the Borrower's evaluation of the Proposal please see Attachment 1 to the summons.
The Borrower has engaged Pareto Securities AS ("Pareto") as its financial advisor with respect to the Proposal. Bondholders may accordingly contact Pareto Securities Fixed Income Sales at + 47 22 87 87 70 for further information.
Pareto is acting solely as advisor for the Borrower and no-one else in connection with the Proposal. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by Pareto with respect to the Borrower and Pareto expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the proposal (including but not limited to the information contained herein).

N O RSK TILLITSM AN N ASA
Vvwvw.trustee, n o ·
3.2 NTM's evaluation
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.
4. SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
Based on the above information, a Bondholders' Meeting in the Loan is summoned:
Time: 30 November 2010 at 11.00 (Oslo time) Place: the premises ofNorsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VII's gate 1, Oslo (Norway)
Agenda:
The meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from the Loan Trustee.
1. Approval of the summons
2. Approval of the agenda
3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman
4. Request for amendments of the Loan Agreement:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:
L Proposed resolution The Bondholders ' meeting approved the Proposal as described in Clause 2 herein.
it Effectiveness and execution of the resolution: Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given the pow er o f attorney to, upon fulfillm ent o f the conditions precedent to implement the resolution, to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with the resolution as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, hereunder to make necessary amendments o f the Loan Agreement. N T M is also granted the authority, on behalf o f the Bondholders, to agree to any minor adjustment to the resolution needed to facilitate the implementation o f the Proposal, hereunder specifically to grant extensions to the time lines.
According to the Loan Agreement, the abovementioned Proposal requires a qualified majority of 2/3 of the Loan represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favor of such proposals and a minimum 5/10 of the Outstanding Bonds being represented at the meeting. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOo-

· ' N O R SK TILLITSM A N N ASA
w w w .rrusree.ncP
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered). The individual Bondholder may authorize the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorizing Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, fax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Enclosure: Attachment 1, Summons to Bondholders' meeting - Borrower's evaluation VPS statement/Power of attorney form

ROCKSOURCE
Attachment 1 To the bondholders in: ISIN NO 001 036547.1 - Rocksource ASA Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2007/2012
Oslo, 23 November 2010
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Borrower's evaluation Reference is made to the summons to the Bondholder's Meeting of 23 November 2010 (to which this is an attachment) and the summons to the Bondholder's Meeting dated 11 November 2010.
1. BACKGROUND In the meeting on 19 November 2010 there were sufficient Bondholders present to form a quorum. The proposed resolution obtained 64.95% of the votes, which, according to the voting requirements of the Bond Agreement (2/3 majority), was not sufficient for adoption. Immediately prior to the meeting, the Borrower made certain changes to the proposal, but the changes were not communicated to all Bondholders. As the majority of the Bondholders present in the meeting voted in favor of the Borrower's proposal, and because of the supportive feedback received to the revised proposal following the meeting, the Borrower has requested the Loan Trustee to summon a new meeting to vote on a revised proposal. This revised proposal is being put forward to Bondholders based on feedback and discussions with Bondholders with significant holdings. Rocksource is of the opinion that the revised proposal is a balanced and fair proposal taking into account all stakeholders' interests in the best way possible. As described in the 11 November 2010 summons, the Borrower has received a bid for its US onshore activities, which consist of fields in San Jacinto and Polk Counties, Texas. The fields have been classified as non-core by the Borrower, and a sale of these assets would allow the Borrower to re-allocate the proceeds into the Borrower's core business; drilling high potential EM positive offshore exploration wells. According to the Borrower, the value of the US onshore assets as collateral at the maturity of the Loan in May 2012 will be limited. Hence, the Borrower argues that the optimal solution is to sell the assets now and amend the Loan Agreement as described below as this will capture the maximum value for both the Borrower and the Bondholders.
2. BORROWER'S EVALUATION In the summons dated 11 November 2010 Rocksource described the rationale behind the proposal. Please review this document for details.
In short Rocksource's Proposal is based on the following, as described on the next page:
ROCKSOURCE Box 994 Sentrum, Thormehlensgate 53 D, N-5808 Bergen, Norway. Phone +4? 05369, Fax +4? 55 36 87 98. Org. nr. 988 143 669. www.rocksource.com

ROCKSOURCE
· The USD 9.35 million bid for the US Onshore activities represents a good offer
o Considerably higher value per boe than if the Borrower was to produce the volumes. o Bid indicates values in excess of USD 30 per boe, as compared to forecasted operating cash flow
(revenue minus operating expenditure excluding G&A) of USD 13 per boe in 2011.
· Reduced value of the US onshore assets going forward
o Due to natural decline reserves are estimated to fall by 65% from November 2010 to May 2012. o The value of the US onshore assets as collateral in May 2012 will according to the Borrower
become limited. o If a buyer could be found, a sale in May 2012 is estimated by the Borrower to yield a maximum price
of ~2.0 MUSD.
· A sale of the assets will focus the Borrower's business
o Will allow the Borrower to focus its business and strengthen the financial position ahead of the upcoming drilling campaign embarking in Q1 2011.
o Strengthened financial capability for the Borrower will increase the chance of commercial success by May 2012.
o The Borrower will have significantly lower G&A following a potential sale.
· Termination of ongoing arbitration
o The Borrower is involved in an arbitration proceeding with the former owners of the assets. o A sale will terminate the arbitration as the bid has come via the former owners. o Even though the Borrower believes it has a strong case, there is always a risk that an arbitration
case results in an adverse outcome for the Borrower.
It is therefore the opinion of the Borrower that the optimal solution is to sell the assets now for 9.35 MUSD as this will capture the maximum value for both the Borrower and the Bondholders.
The Borrower will only dispose of Sandhawk or the REC Assets in the event the Borrower retains the majority of the sale proceeds enhancing the Borrower's financial base prior to entering the exploration drilling phase, as given in the revised proposal.
The Borrower has offered new Loan Security by way of first priority pledge in all shares in the Borrower's subsidiary Rocksource Gulf of Mexico Corporation and its holding company, Rocksource Gulf of Mexico AS, and any accounts receivables against these companies and between Rocksource Gulf of Mexico AS and Rocksource Gulf of Mexico Corporation.
Rocksource Gulf of Mexico Corporation has the following main assets:
Discoveries and contingent resources
Three discoveries, Trident, Thunder & Haystack, with total estimated resources of 123 million barrels of oil equivalent (mmboe), all considered "contingent resources, development pending", the most mature contingent resource classification before entering into the reserves category.

ROCKSOURCE
· The Trident Discovery - 100 % working interest
o Deepwater light oil discovery with 3 wells close to the Perdido Hub. o A third party report from Gaffney Cline & Associates Ltd. has verified the Borrower's estimates of
contingent resources. o The range of gross recoverable resources at Trident is estimated at 53 - 113 million barrels (mmbbl)
of oil together with 54 - 125 billion standard cubic feet (Bscf) of associated gas - together equivalent to 63 - 135 mmboe. o Within this range, the expected recoverable gross resources are 79 mmbbl oil and 86 Bscf gas, together 95 mmboe. o Development studies are ongoing, current resource estimates support stand-alone development with use of nearby pipeline infrastructure.
· The Thunder Discovery - 100 % working interest
o 1 well discovery, moderate water depth, simple structure with further resource potential in addition to that described here from near-by exploration.
o The range of gross recoverable resources at Thunder is estimated at 6 - 18 mmbbl of oil together with 6 - 18 Bscf of associated gas - together equivalent to 7 - 21 mmboe.
o Within this range, the expected recoverable gross resources are 12 mmbbl oil and 12 Bscf gas, together 14 mmboe.
o Current estimated resources support a simple sub-sea tieback development. o Gaffney Cline & Associates Ltd review of Rocksource's estimates is ongoing.
· The Haystack Discovery - 100 % working interest
o 1 well discovery, moderate water depth, near producing field. o The range of gross recoverable resources at Haystack is estimated at 5 - 23 mmbbl of oil together
with 5 - 23 Bscf of associated gas - together equivalent to 6 - 27 mmboe. o Within this range, the expected recoverable gross resources are 12 mmbbl oil and 12 Bscf gas,
together 14 mmboe.
Leases and exploration portfolio
· A diverse portfolio consisting of 17 deep water leases, including the 3 discoveries described above.
· 13 leases owned 100%, others between 30 and 50%.
· The total net unrisked exploration resource of 278 mmboe net to Rocksource Gulf of Mexico.
· Rocksource's position acquired in 2009, where the participation and bid levels were the lowest of the last 10 years .
· Total invested capital by Rocksource approximately USD 20 million.
Full prospect de-risking with G&G and CSEM will be undertaken prior to drill decisions.

ROCKSOURCE
The Borrower is considering a divestment of either parts of Trident or its entire 100% share in Trident, and its other discoveries, during 2011. Following the proposed amendments to the Loan Agreement, a sale will trigger mandatory repayment of net cash proceeds at 105% of the face value (par) plus accrued interest.
The Loan Agreement will otherwise remain unchanged, meaning that among other the provisions in clause 13.2 will still apply. Clause 13.2 among other states that neither Rocksource Gulf of Mexico AS nor Rocksource Gulf of Mexico Corporation may, unless consent is given by the Bondholders, create any security interest on any asset or revenue (save any reserve based lending), or sell or dispose of operations or assets, excluding any farm-out agreements, unless such sale or disposal is done in the ordinary course of business and on an arm's lengths basis.
The Proposal is conditional on that Rocksource and a bidder signs and consummates the sale of Sandhawk or REC Assets, the Board of Directors of Rocksource approves the sale of the fields in Polk and San Jacinto Counties, and that the current arbitration case in respect of REC, Sandhawk and the REC Assets is settled as result of the sale.

