Term sheet dated 14 March 2013

Term Sheet

ISIN: NO 0010673841

BW Offshore Limited Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2013/2018 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")

Settlement date: 21 March 2013

Issuer: Currency: Amount: Coupon Rate: Settlement Date:
Maturity Date: First Interest Payment Day: Last Interest Payment Day: Interest Payments:
Price: Nominal Value:
Status of the Bonds:
Purpose of the Bonds: Call Options:

BW Offshore Limited (Bermuda)
NOK
NOK 500 million
3 months NIBOR + 4.15% p.a., quarterly interest payments.
21 March 2013. Notice is expected to be given to subscribers minimum two banking days prior to Settlement Date.
21 March 2018 (5 years after Settlement Date) at price 100.00.
21 June 2013 (3 months after Settlement Date).
21 March 2018 (5 years after Settlement Date).
Interest on the Bonds will start to accrue on Settlement Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the interest payment day in March, June, September and December each year, or if the interest payment day does not fall on a Norwegian banking day on the first subsequent banking day. Day-count fraction for coupon is act/360, modified following.
100.00 (par).
The Bonds will have a nominal value of NOK 1,000,000 each. Minimum subscription amount shall be NOK 1,000,000.
The Bonds are not secured by any mortgage, pledge or any other security. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be used for general corporate purposes.
The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or parts) as follows:
(i) At any time from and including the interest payment day in March 2017 to, but not including, the interest payment day in September 2017 a price equal to 103.00% of par value (plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount);

L

Special Issues:

and
(ii) At any time from and including the interest payment day in September 2017 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 101.75% of par value (plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount).
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
a) Mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
b) De-mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
c) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, cease to carry out its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
d) Disposal of business: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, unless (i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions, and (ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
e) Financial assistance: Neither the Issuer nor any Material Subsidiary shall, other than in the ordinary course of business, grant any new loans to, new guarantees for or other similar financial assistance to any third party not being a member of (i) the Group, or (ii) a joint venture company owned partly by any member of the Group.
f) Event of default: Standard event of default provisions, however with 30 days grace period (save for payment obligations).
g) Cross default: If for the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iii) below exceeds a total of USD 20 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies; (i) any financial indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period; (ii) any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); (iii) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
h) Reporting: The Issuer shall of its own accord make the Issuer's consolidated

L

accounts (quarterly, on a consolidated basis, written in English) available to the Trustee and on its web pages for public distribution not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 90 days after the end of the relevant interim period.

i) Listing: The Issuer's shares shall remain listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange and/ or Singapore Stock Exchange or on another stock exchange reasonably acceptable to the Trustee.

j) Ownership to Material Subsidiaries: The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any Material Subsidiary, however this covenant will not apply for sale, transfer etc. to (i) other members of the Group provided that such transactions do not have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) third parties if the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions, and such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect

k) Arm's length transaction: The Issuer shall not without the prior written consent of the Trustee permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

Financial Covenants: The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants during the term of the Bonds:

a) Equity Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Equity Ratio of the Group, on each Compliance Certificate Date, shall not fall below 25.0%.

b) Minimum Liquidity: The Issuer shall procure that the Minimum Liquidity of the Group at all times shall not fall below USD 75,000,000.

The Issuer must measure and report that the Issuer on a consolidated basis is in compliance with the Financial Covenants in connection with the reporting as per 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December each year (the "Compliance Certificate Date").

Definitions:

Equity Ratio means the ratio of Equity to Total Assets.

Equity means the Issuer's (on a consolidated basis) nominal book value of equity treated as equity in accordance with the Accounting Principles.

Total Assets means the Issuer's (on a consolidated basis) book value of total assets in accordance with the Accounting Principles.

Minimum Liquidity means, at any date, the aggregate amount (on a consolidated basis) as certified to the Trustee the by the Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer of: (a) cash and cash equivalent of the Group; and (b) any undrawn available commitment which is available for utilisation by the Group.

Accounting Principles: means generally accepted accounting principles in the European Union, including IFRS.

Group:

Group means the Issuer and all its (direct or indirect owned) Subsidiaries from time to time, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries.

Material Subsidiary: Means Prosafe Production Services Pte Ltd ("PPS") and BW Offshore Shipholding Limited ("BWOS").

L

Subsidiary:

Means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.

Material Adverse Effect:

Means a material adverse effect which (a) reasonably may have a material adverse impact on the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement or (b) reasonably may have a material adverse impact on the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement.

Change of Control:

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment ("Put Option") of the Bonds at a price of 100% of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 days following the notice of a Change of Control Event. The Settlement Date of the Put Option shall be 5 business days following this 60 day period.

Change of Control Event:

Means any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3), other than BW Group Limited or the Sohmen Familiy Interest and/or any subsidiary thereof becoming the owner(s), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding voting shares of the Issuer.

Sohmen Family Interest:

Means the interest of Dr. Helmut Sohmen, his immediate family and their respective successors, including trusts or similar arrangements of which they are individual or collective beneficiaries.

Approvals:

The Bonds have been issued in accordance with the Issuer's Board approval dated 13 March 2013.

Issuer's ownership of The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's

Bonds:

discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Joint Lead Managers:

DNB Markets, Stranden 21, NO-0021 Oslo, Norway, Nordea Bank Norge ASA, Nordea Markets, Middelthunsgt. 17, P.O. Box 1166 Sentrum, NO-0107 Oslo,Norway; Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Filipstad Brygge 1, N-0252 Oslo Norway; and Swedbank First Securities, P.O. Box 1441 Vika, N-0115 Oslo, Norway.

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, NO-0116 Oslo.

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the Bondholders through VPS.

Paying Agent:

DNB Bank ASA

Issuer's reg. number: Bermuda Register of Companies number 36937

Amortization:

The Bonds shall be repaid in full at the Maturity Date at par value.

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

Documentation:

A Norwegian law based stand-alone Bond Agreement between the Issuer and the Trustee.

L

Bond Agreement:

The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the Bondholders' representative and is to be based on (to the extent possible) the bond agreement with ISIN NO 001 063807.5 (dated 12 March 2012). The Bond Agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds, and it shall be based on Norwegian bond market standard at the time of Settlement Date. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.

Each subscriber in the Bonds, such subscription documented by a subscription agreement, a taped telephone conversation, e-mail or otherwise, is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement and the related security documents. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur.

The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.

Stock Exchange listing:

An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on Oslo Børs.

Market making:

No market-maker agreement has been made for this Issue.

Eligible purchasers:The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada, Japan, Australia, Bermuda or any other jurisdiction where it would be unlawful to offer the Bonds, or any other person acting for the benefit of such person. No applications will be accepted from investors located outside Norway, EU or the U.S who are not recognised as institutional, professional or sophisticated investors in the relevant jurisdictions in which the offering is being effected, such persons being comparable to the definition of persons who are "qualified investors" within the meaning of Directive 2003/71/EC.

Nordea is not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as a U.S. registered broker-dealer and will not participate in the offer or sale of the Bonds within the United States.

Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

L

Subject to:

The issue of Bonds shall be subject to finalized loan documentation, a Ministerial Direction(s) exempting the Bond Issue from prospectus requirements under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, and approval of loan documentation by the Issuer and the Trustee.
Oslo, 14 March 2013

As Issuer

As Joint Lead Managers

L

