ISIN NO O01 030127.8
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Altinex Oil AS (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of Bondholders in the bond issue
9.50 per cent Altinex Oil AS Callable Bond Issue 2006/2011

Norsk TillitsmannASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 TheLoan

5

3 Listing

5

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

5

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

6

6. Conditions Precedent

6

7 Representations and Warranties

7

8 Status of the Loan and negative pledge

8

9 Interest

8

10 Maturity of the Loan

8

11 Interest in the event of late payment

10

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

10

13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan

10

14 Fees and expenses

12

15 Events of Default

12

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

13

17 Procedural rules

15

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

17

19 Change of Bondholder's representative

15

20 Limitation

18

2 1 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "LoanAgreement")has been entered into on 7 February 2006 between
Altinex Oil AS (Company No 987 008 644) as borrower (the "Borrower") and
Norsk TillitsmannASA (Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
* The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that
information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
* The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to
act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions

Bondholders:

the holders of the bonds

Borrower's Bonds:

bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower

Brage Field:

means the oil field with associated gas located 120 km
west of Bergen on the Norwegian Continental Shelf situated partly in blocks 30/6,31/4 and 3117.

Brage Field Interest:

means the Borrower's 12.2575 per cent ownership interest in the Brage Field.

Capital Employed:

means Equityplus Net Interest Bearing Debt.

Disbursement Date:

9 February 2006 Jp/

3
1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Escrow Account:

means all or any of the escrow account(s) established in accordance with Clause 8.3 and 8.4 by and in the name of the Borrower to be pledged and blocked in the favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in which the relevant bank has waived any set-off right.

Equity:

means the aggregated book value on consolidated basis of the Group's equity in accordance with IFRS.

Equity to Capital Employed Ratio:

means the ratio of Equity to Capital Employed.

Exchange:

securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.

Final Maturity Date:

9 February 201I

Group:

the Borrower and all of its subsidiaries.

Net Interest Bearing Debt:

means the aggregated book value on consolidated basis of the Group's gross interest bearing debt (for the purpose of this definition, any zero coupon loans shall also be included as interest bearing debt) in accordance with IFRS less the Group's aggregated holdings on consolidated basis of free cash and cash equivalents.

Outstanding Loan:

Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

Payment Date:

in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal. If Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day.

Pledge:

a first priority pledge in the Brage Field Interest, in the total amount of NOK 300,000,000 plus cost and interest.

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirregisteret ("VPS")

Securities Depository act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository $ r ~

4

\

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Security Documents: SPA:

means all or any documents issued as security for the Borrower's obligations under the Loan Agreement as detailed in Clause 8.2 below.
means the sale and purchase agreement dated 27 October 2005 entered into by the Borrower for the acquisition of the Brage Field Interest.

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of bonds at an amount of NOK 300,000,000 (Norwegiankronerthreehundredmillion),herein referred to as ''the Loan".
The bonds will be in denominations of NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "9.50 per cent Altinex Oil AS Callable Bond Issue
2006/2011".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be: NO 001 030127.8
The term of the Loan is from and including Disbursement Date to Final Maturity Date.
The net proceeds of the Loan will be employed for partly financing the acquisition of the Brage Field Interest and for general corporate purposes.

3 Listing
3.1 An application will be made for the bonds to be listed on Oslo Barrs. No representation or warranty in respect of the outcome of the application or time of listing is made.

4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower
provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation. a/

5
9,

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement,
- exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement,
- ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement,
- forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as `Bondholder'srepresentative,
- verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.

6. Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least three Banking days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly signed,
(b) evidence for establishment of the security over the Escrow Account,
(c) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the bonds and sign the Loan Agreement,
(d) certified copies of the Articles of Association of the Borrower and documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(e) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the J

6

a

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.e. (i) confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or (ii) confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian Law,
(f) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(g) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1,duly signed,
(h) written confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the proceeds from the Loan will be transferred to the Escrow Account, and
(i) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan.
6.2 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to the above.
6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the Loan will be made available to the Borrower and the proceeds from the Loan shall be transferred to the Escrow Account at the Disbursement Date.
6.4 The funds shall be released from the Escrow Account in connection with the Borrower's acquisition of the Brage Field Interest concurrently with the Loan Trustee receiving:
(a) duly executed Security Documents, and
(b) legal opinion(s) satisfactory to the Loan Trustee regarding the Security Documents.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that:
(a) all documents and information, including the term sheet and loan description in connection with this Loan presents the latest publicly available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower's financial situation which could have a material adverse change on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Loan Agreement,
(b) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid and
(c) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement. y~
7
\

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan and Security
8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other existing senior debt of the Borrower other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan including interest and expenses shall be secured with the Pledge. The Borrower may in the future replace the Pledge with a satisfactory pledge in an interest in another field or a portfolio of other fields, all subject to approval in a Bondholders Meeting. The Loan Trustee shall simultaneously release the Pledge.
8.3 Until the Pledge is established, the Loan including interest and expenses shall be secured with a pledge in the Escrow Account (cf Clauses 6.3 and 6.4).
8.4 If the Borrower chooses to transfer the proceeds from a sale of all or a part of the Brage Field Interest to an Escrow Account (cf Clause 10.3), the Loan including interest and expenses shall be secured with a pledge in the Escrow Account. The Loan Trustee shall simultaneously release the Pledge pro-rata.
9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including Disbursement Date at a fixed rate of 9.5 per cent per annum.Interest payments shall be made in arrears on 9 February each year, the first Payment Date 9 February 2007.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless a) the last day of the period is the 3 1St day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30fhor 3lStday of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Mandatory Redemption
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on Final Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 The Borrower may redeem, partly or wholly, the Remaining Loan (the "Call Option"): (i) at any time on or before 6 February 2009 (American option) at 108 % (plus accrued, not due interest) of face value, y/
8
1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) at 9 February 2009 (European option) at 106 YO(plus accrued, not due interest) of
face value, and (iii)at 9 February 2010 (European option) at 103 % (plus accrued, not due interest) of
face value.
Should the Borrower exercise the Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders
must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 -thirty -
Banking Days before the date of redemption. If the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall simultaneous be informed.
Partial redemption shall be carried out by drawing lots between the bonds.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be used for redemption of the Remaining Loan.
10.3 In the event that the Borrower decides to sell all or a part of the Brage Field Interest, the Borrower shall either
(i) make a pro-rata redemption of the Remaining Loan (the "Mandatory Redemption") at 108 % of face value (plus accrued, not due interest) where the aforesaid pro-rata fraction shall correspond to the part of the Brage Field Interest sold (as an example: if 1/5 of the Brage Field Interest is sold the Borrower shall redeem 1/5 of the Remaining Loan at 108 % of face value (plus accrued, not due interest), or
(ii) transfer directly from the proceeds from the sale of the Brage Field Interest to an Escrow Account (and supplemented with other funds if the sales proceeds are not sufficient), an amount equal to the Remaining Loan multiplied with the part of the Brage Field Interest sold (as an example: if 1/5 of the Brage Field Interest is sold the Borrower shall transfer an amount corresponding to 1/5 of the Remaining Loan (at 100 % of face value and excluding accrued, not due interest) to the Escrow Account).
Should the Borrower choose to make a Mandatory Redemption, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later
than 30 -thirty - Banking Days before the date of redemption (which shall be no later
than 10 Banking Days after the settlement date of the relevant sale of the Brage Field Interest). If the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall simultaneously be informed.
Partial redemption shall be carried out by drawing lots between the bonds.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be used for redemption of the Remaining Loan.
A sale by the Borrower of all or a part of the Brage Field Interest may only be effected in an arm's length's transaction.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Pledge is simultaneously replaced by a pledge in accordance with Clause 8.2, the provisions of this clause do not apply. 3 rr/
9
a

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
10.4 If the Borrower's acquisition of the Brage Field Interest is not completed in accordance with the SPA, the Borrower shall redeem the Remaining Loan at a price equal to 102 % (plus accrued, not due interest) of face value.
Should the Borrower make a redemption in accordance with the provision in this clause, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in
writing via VPS) no later than 15 - fifteen - Banking Days before the date of
redemption. If the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall simultaneously be informed.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be used for redemption of the Remaining Loan.
In the event of redemption in accordance with this clause, the amount at the Escrow Account may be used by the Borrower to repay the Loan.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 3.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf.
Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower'sdiscretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for whole or partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand is likely to lead to default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim public accounts available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant public interim accounts,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's
Bonds, a,,/

10

&

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) if the Loan is listed on the Exchange, at the request of the Loan Trustee, provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) ensure that the Group maintains an Equity to Capital Employed Ratio of at least 0.25,
(g) deliver to the Loan Trustee a compliance certificate confirming fulfilments of the provisions of clause (f) above simultaneously with the disclosure or dispatch (as the case may be) of annual accounts mentioned in clause (b) above within the deadlines set out in the aforementioned clause (b), and
(h) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request.
13.2 The Borrower shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting subject to Clause 16:
(a) subject to Clause 10.3, sell or dispose over the Brage Field Interest or make any financial arrangements concerning the Brage Field Interest which jeopardizes the Brage Field Interest,
(b) unless the Equity to Capital Employed Ratio exceeds 0.35, make any payments of dividend, repurchase of shares or capital contribution to its shareholders. The Borrower may, provided the Equity to Capital Employed Ratio exceeds 0.35, in any calendar year, make any payments of dividend, repurchase of shares or capital contribution to its shareholders of less than 30 % of the Group's (on consolidated basis) net profits after taxes based on the accounts of the preceding financial year (any un-utilized portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not be carried forward to any subsequent calendar year) and provided that the Equity to Capital Employed Ratio remain above 0.35 also immediately after such distribution,
(c) make any withdrawals fiom the Escrow Account unless the Pledge is established, or in the event of change of security (dependent upon approval fiom a Bondholders' meeting), a satisfactory (in the opinion of the Loan Trustee) security is concurrently established,
(d) cease to carry on its business, or
(e) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature of its business which might jeopardize the Borrower's fulfillment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement. r r /

11

a

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed and payable by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan may be declared by the Loan Trustee to be in default upon the occurrence and continuing of any of the following events:
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under The Loan Agreement; provided, however, that
such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking
Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under The Loan Agreement and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) any other loan or financial indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, the Borrower
exceeding a total of NOK 10 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies
- is declared due prior to its agreed maturity caused by an event of default by the Borrower,
(d) the Borrower shall enter into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place, or a substantial part of the Borrower's assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint, Y/
12

Norsk TillitsmannASA
(e) the Borrower has presented the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders with incorrect or incomplete information, which is likely to have significant consequences for the Borrower's obligations, and ability to comply with such, in accordance with the Loan Agreement, or
( f ) a situation occurs which in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, after consultations with the Borrower, gives the Loan Trustee fair reason to assume that the Borrower will not be able to fulfil its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) The Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a written notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee, d/
13
k

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) change of Borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets,
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default and due for payment
(g) change of security according to Clause 8.2.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are likely to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clauses 16.1 (d) and 16.1 (e), provided that:
(a) the changes in the Borrower's corporate structure are not, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is likely to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting. y~

14

a

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be
notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of: (a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan. If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request,
then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the
Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. 17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made. Y J
15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the
decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - a
representative of the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor andor by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has. >,/

16

a

Norsk TillitsmannASA
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause18.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/10 or more of the Outstanding Loan, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of Borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the Borrower's fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.

17

t

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Loan Trustee shall put before the bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan
trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can
submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders'
meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation
20.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.
21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
2 1.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.

Oslo, 7 February 2006
Altinex Oil AS Borrower
a Y/
/c/ ...,..G.& ..............

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

