ISIN NO 001 031054.3
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Offshore Rig Services ASA (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA on behalf of Bondholders in bond issue
9.75 per cent Offshore Rig Services ASA Bond Issue 2006/2011

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 TheLoan

6

3 Listing

6

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

6

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

6

6. Conditions Precedent

7

7 Representations and Warranties

8

8 Status of the Loan and negative pledge

9

9 Interest

9

10 Maturity of the Loan

8

11 Interest in the event of late payment

11

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

11

13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan

11

14 Fees and expenses

13

15 Events of Default

13

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

15

17 Procedural rules

16

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

18

19 Change of Bondholder's representative

15

20 Limitation

20

2 1 Dispute resolution and legal venue

20

Norsk TillitsmannASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 26 April 2006 between Offshore Rig Services ASA (Company No 988 288 330) as Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as Loan Trustee.
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
* The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that
information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
* The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscriptionbeen granted authority to
act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Adjusted Delivery Date:

means, in respect of a Delivery Date, the date falling due in the following month on the same calendar day as Delivery Date. If a Delivery Date falls due on 3lStday, the Adjusted Delivery Date shall be the first day in the second succeeding month after Delivery Date.

Assignment of Insurances: assignments of insurances to be taken out related to a Rig in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), on second priority.

Banking Day:

Any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo, London and New York.

Bondholders:

The holders of the bonds

Borrower's Bonds:

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Borrower Group:

The Borrower and its direct and indirect subsidiaries.

Call Option

Shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 10.2.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Construction Contracts: Construction Contracts Pledge:
Contracts: Delivery Date:
Disbursement Date: Equipment Contracts: Equipment Contracts Pledge:
Escrow Account:
Exchange: First Priority Debt: First Mortgage:

Construction contracts for the Rigs with the Yantai Raffles Ship Yard in China.
Second priority English law assignment of USD 200,000,000 over each of the Construction Contracts (including refund guarantees relating thereto) in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders). The Construction Contracts Pledge shall have priority after a first priority assignment as described under the definition of the First Pledge.
The Construction Contracts and the Equipment Contracts.
The time of delivery of the Rigs with all the drilling equipment properly installed, expected to be in (i) April 2008 for the Offshore Pioneer and in (ii) December 2008 for the Offshore Tbn.
27 April 2006.
Contracts for delivery and installation of equipment for the Rigs, to be delivered by National Oilwell Norway AS.
Second priority English law assignment of USD 200,000,000 over each of the Equipment Contracts (including the guarantees relating thereto) in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders). The Equipment Contracts Pledge shall have priority after a first priority assignment as described under the definition of the First Pledge.
account pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
Securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactoryrequirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.
Means financial indebtedness of the Borrower in respect of the Rigs in the maximum principal amount of USD 250,000,000, (i.e. maximum USD 125,000,000per Rig).
First priority mortgage securing the First Priority Debt, in the maximum secured amount of USD 125,000,000, to be recorded against each Rig.

4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

First Pledge:

First priority English law assignment of the Construction Contracts and the Equipment Contracts securing the First Priority Debt, in the maximum secured amount of USD 125,000,000,to be recorded against the Contracts for each Rig.

Interest Payment Day:

27 April and 27 October each year. If an Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day.

Maturity Date:

The date set out in Clause 10.1.

Second Mortgage:

Cross collateralized second priority mortgage over each Rig securing the Loan in the amount of USD 200,000,000 in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) with priority after the First Mortgage.

Outstanding Loan:

Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

Second Pledge:

Together the Construction Contracts Pledge and the Equipment Contracts Pledge with priority after the First Pledge

Remaining Loan:

The aggregate principal amount of all bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository

Rig 1:

The first Rig being delivered.

Rig 2:

The second Rig being delivered.

Rigs:

The drilling rigs (i) "Offshore Pioneer" and (ii) "Offshore Tbn", two fully equipped harsh environment semi submersible drilling units of full DNV Drill and Well Intervention II Class, to be fitted to operate in 750 m water-depth for all year operations, and to be constructed on Yantai Raffles Ship Yard in China.

Securities Depository:

The securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirregisteret ("VPS").

Securities Depository Act: The Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

5
' i j c

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of bonds at a maximum amount of USD 200,000,000 (USdollartwohundredmillion),herein referred to as "theLoan''.
The bonds will be in denominations of USD 100,000 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "9.75 % Offshore Rig Services ASA open bond Issue 2006/2011".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be: NO 001 031054.3.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to 27 April 201 1.
The net proceeds of the Loan will be employed for partly financing of the Rigs. The net proceeds shall not, directly or indirectly, be used to finance the construction of any other drilling rigs within the Borrower Group.
3 Listing
3.1 The Loan will not be applied for listing.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 TheeBorrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders'interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfillment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement,
- exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee under the Loan Agreement,
- ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out,

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
- make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to t h s Loan Agreement,
- forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Bondholder's representative,
- verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfill its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower'sfinancial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
6 . Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactoryto it, at least three Banking days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly signed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the bonds and sign the Loan Agreement,
(c) certified copies of the Articles of Association of the Borrower and documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(d) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the
Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription
documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law,
(e) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
( f ) written confirmation fiom the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(g) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly signed,

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(h) (if applicable) evidence that the First Priority Debt is not exceeding USD 250,000,000 and that the holder of the First Pledge/ First Mortgage has consented to the granting of the Second Pledge and the Second Mortgage,
(i) evidence that the Second Pledge in respect of "Offshore Pioneer" is duly established and legally perfected (in respect of "Offshore Tnb", the Second Pledge shall be duly established and legally perfected as soon as practically after the relevant Construction Contract and Equipment Contract are executed), including legal opinion(s) from the Borrower's external lawyer(s) in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee in respect of this security for the Loan,
(i) evidence for establishment of the security over the Escrow Account, and
(k) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan.
6.2 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to the above.
6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the Loan will be made available to the Borrower at Disbursement Date.
6.4 If all the conditions set out in Clause 6.1 above are not fulfilled at Disbursement Date, the net proceed of the Loan will be transferred to the Escrow Account (however
provided fulfillment of Clause 6.1 0)). The Loan Trustee will release the amount from
the Escrow Account when the conditions set out in Clause 6.1 are fulfilled. The Loan Trustee may, if it reasonably deems it necessary, require statements from the Borrower's legal advisor as a condition for such release.
6.5 Upon delivery of each Rig, the Loan Trustee shall receive:
(a) evidence of registration against the Rig of the First Mortgage (if applicable) and the Second Mortgage from the relevant register,
(b) evidence that insurance of the Rig has been arranged satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, and that the Loan Trustee is notified as second priority beneficiary pursuant to the Assignment of Insurances,
(c) the Assignment of Insurances duly signed by the parties thereto, and
(d) a legal opinion from the Borrower's external lawyer(s) in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee in respect of the First Mortgage (if applicable) and Second Mortgage, as required by the Loan Trustee.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that:
8
d

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) all documents and information, including the term sheet and loan description in connection with this Loan presents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower which could have a material adverse change on the Borrower'sability to perform its duties under the Loan Agreement,
(b) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid and
(c) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower`s knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan and Security
8.1 The Loan shall rank at leastparipassu with all other unsubordinated debt of the Borrower (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).
8.2 The Loan shall from Disbursement Date be secured by the Second Pledge (subject to Clause 6.1 i) in respect of "Offshore Ton"). From Delivery Date of each Rig, the Loan shall be secured by the Second Mortgage over such Rig and the Assignment of Insurances.
8.3 Notwithstanding the Borrower's obligation to establish valid and binding Second Pledge under English law, the Borrower makes no warranties as to the validity of the Second Pledge in respect of the restrictions of the Norwegian Lies Act, inter alia only allowing security over contractual claims to monetary claims.
8.4 If one or both of the Contracts or the Rigs are transferred within the Borrower Group, the Second Mortgage and/or the Second Pledge (as applicable) and the Assignment of Insurances shall remain or be replaced by a new second pledge and/or second mortgage and a new assignment of insurances on identical terms as the outgoing securities. The Rig owning subsidiary(ies) shall, before such transfer takes place, (each) issue a guarantee (selvskyldnerkausjon) in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) securing the Borrower's obligations according to the Loan Agreement for an amount of maximum USD 200,000,000 plus interests and expenses.
8.5 The Loan Trustee is entitled to require, for the account of the Borrower, a legal opinion from the Borrower's external lawyer(s) in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee in respect of the securities to be established pursuant to this Clause 8.
9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
8.6 Until the First Pledge or First Mortgage is established, the Second Pledge or Second Mortgage (whichever is relevant) may be established on first priority. The Loan Trustee hereby undertakes on behalf of the Bondholders to subordinate the Second Pledge and/or Second Mortgage to rank behind the First Pledge and/or First Mortgage, as soon as practicably upon notice from the Borrower that a First Priority Debt will be created requiring the First Pledge and/or First Mortgage to be established.
8.7 The subordination of the Second Mortgage and/or the Second Pledge shall be on fair and reasonable terms acceptable to the Loan Trustee and may be set out in a separate subordination agreement between the Borrower, the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the first mortgagee.
9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including Disbursement Date at a fixed rate of 9.75 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made semiannually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date being 27 October 2006.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30fhor 3lStday of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Mandatory Prepayment
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on Interest Payment Date 27 April 2011 ("Maturity Date") at par value (100%).
10.2 The Borrower has the following Call Option:
(i) Save for the Borrower's right under Clause 10.2 (ii) below, the Borrower may -
from the Disbursement Date and up to, but not including the Adjusted Delivery
Date for Rig 2 - redeem the Remaining Loan or any portion of the Remaining Loan
at a price of 108 % of par value, plus accrued interest.
(ii) On the Adjusted Delivery Date for Rig 1, the Borrower may redeem up to USD 100 million (50 % of the Loan) at a price of 104.50 % of par value, plus accrued interest.
(iii) On the Adjusted Delivery Date for Rig 2, the Borrower may redeem up to USD 100 million (50% of the Loan) at a price of 104.50 % of par value, plus accrued interest.
If a date mentioned in (i) to (iii) above is not Banking Day, the relevant date should be moved to the following Banking Day.
10
d

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Should the Borrower exercise the Call Option, the Bondholders must be informed of this in writing via VPS no later than 10 - Banking Days before the date of redemption, Oslo B0rs shall immediately be informed.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the bonds.
10.3 Mandatory prepayment of the Loan shall take place as follows:
(i) If a contract for sale or disposal of a Rig or a Contract (except as set out in Clause 8.3) is entered into at any time from and including the Disbursement Date and up to but excluding the relevant Adjusted Delivery Date for such Ridcontract, the Borrower shall redeem 50 % of the Remaining Loan at a price of 108 % of par value, plus accrued interest, provided always, that if the other Rig or Contract has been sold or disposed of, and redemption in respect of such transaction has been effected, the Borrower shall redeem the whole of the Remaining Loan at a price of 108 % of par value, plus accrued interest.
(ii) If a contract for sale or disposal of a Rig or a Contract (except as set out in Clause 8.3) is entered into at any time from and including the relevant Adjusted Delivery Date for such Ridcontract but prior to five Banking Days prior to the Maturity Date, the Borrower shall redeem 50 % of the Remaining Loan at a price of 104,50 % of par value, plus accrued interest, provided always, that if the other Rig or Contract has been sold or disposed of and redemption in respect of such transaction has been effected, the Borrower shall redeem the whole of the Remaining Loan at a price of 104,5 % of par value, plus accrued interest.
Redemption as set out above shall be carried out at the latest 20 Banking Days after the event triggering the actual mandatory prepayment has taken place, but before Maturity Date.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the bonds.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest fiom the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5,OO percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf.
Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim report,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
( f ) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's and the Borrower Group's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) deliver to the Loan Trustee a compliance certificate confirming fulfillment of the provisions of Clause 13 no later than 150 days after the end of the relevant fiscal Year,
(h) provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Rig,
(i) not make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders, and
0') not at any time increase the First Priority Debt beyond the maximum of USD
250,000,000 (USD 125,000,000per Rig).
13-2 The Borrower and (if applicable) the Rig owning subsidiaries shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders'meeting subject to Clause 16:
(a) cease to carry on its business,

Norsk TillitsmannASA
(b) save for any transfer of the Rigs within the Borrower Group subject to Clause 8.4, sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature of its business which might jeopardise the Borrower's fulfillment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(c) make any financial arrangements concerning the Rigs which would have a material and adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Agreement, or
(d) engage in, or permit any member of the Borrower Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of service) with any affiliate other than 100% owned subsidiaries, except in the ordinary course of and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Borrower's or such subsidiary's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Borrower or such subsidiary, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time from persons which are not an affiliate.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan will be deemed to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Loan Agreement; provided, however, that such
failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days
after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
the Borrower or a Rig owning subsidiary shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under the Loan Agreement and such failure
is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the
Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
any other loan or indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, the Borrower or a Rig owning
subsidiary exceeding a total of NOK 50 million - or the equivalent thereof in other
currencies - is or could be declared due prior to its agreed maturity caused by an event of default by the Borrower,
the Borrower or a Rig owning subsidiary shall enter into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place, or any of the Rigs or a substantial part of the Borrower's assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
the Borrower has presented the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders with incorrect or incomplete information, which has, or can have significant consequences for the Borrower's obligations, and ability to comply with such, in accordance with the Loan Agreement, or
a situation occurs which in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, after consultations with the Borrower, gives the Loan Trustee fair reason to assume that the Borrower will not be able to fulfil its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan. The occurrence of an Event of Default shall be deemed as a Mandatory Prepayment situation and the Remaining Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.3.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
The Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets,
( f ) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 d), provided that:
(a) the changes in the Borrower's corporate structure are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significantimportance for the llfilment of the Loan Agreement, or

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a
time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the
dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be
notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request,
then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the
Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository
to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the
Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the
decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17
0'

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange
have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause18.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/10 or more of the Outstanding Loan, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
18
v

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan
trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can
submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders'
meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement whch are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.

Oslo, 26 April 2006

Offshore Rig Services ASA Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA oan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

