ISIN: NO 001 0584683
Amendment Agreement NO 1 to
the Bond Agreement between
Interoil Exploration & Production ASA ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 15.00 per cent InterOil Exploration & Production ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond
Issue 2010/2014
ts

This Amendment Agreement NO 1 (the "Agreem ent") is dated on 8 April 2013 and made between:
(1) InterOil Exploration & Production ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company NO: 988 247 006) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
WHEREAS:
(A) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee have on 8 September 2010 entered into a loan agreement (the "Bond Agreement") in respect of the bond issue with ISIN NO 001 0584683.
(B) The background for the amendments in this Agreement is specified in the summons to Bondholders' meetings dated 13 April 2012 and 15 February 2013.
(C) On the Bondholders' meetings held 27 April 2012 and 4 March 2013, the Bondholders approved, and authorised the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders to enter into this Agreement and to cany out any necessary completion work.
(D) The Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Issuer has now agreed to amend the Bond Agreement on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement.
IT IS AGREED as follows:
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERFPRETATION
1.1 Definitions and incorporation of defined terms In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) a term defined in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) of the Bond Agreement has the same meaning when used in this Agreement; and
(b) the principles of construction set out in Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Bond Agreement shall have the effect as if set out in this Agreement.
2. REPRESENTATIONS The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 under Clause 7 {Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing on the date of this Agreement. However, the repetition is qualified by the stock exchange notification issued by the Issuer on 25 March 2013 regarding a potential lawsuit against the Issuer filed by Eksportconsult AS and the prospectus published by the Issuer on 25 March 2013 (the "Prospectus"). On this background the Issuer acknowledges that litra (g) and litra (i) of Clause 7.1 are repeated with a
2
fl

caveat for a potential lawsuit from Eksportconsult and the on-going litigation and disputes described in section 12 of the Prospectus.
3. AMENDMENT
3.1 Amendment
The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
Clause 1.1 shall be amended as follows:
The definition of "Change of Control Event" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended to:
"Change o f Control Event " means any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3) becoming the owner, directly or indirectly, legally or beneficially, or in any other way obtain effective control o f more than 50 % o f the outstanding shares o f the Issuer, whether by contract, voting trust or otherwise.
The definition of "Final Maturity Date" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended to:
"Final Maturity Date "means 14 March 2016 or an earlier maturity date as providedfor in this Bond Agreement. Anyfurther adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
The definition of "Guarantees" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended to read as follows:
"Guarantees " means the unconditional and irrevocable guarantees from each o f the Subsidiaries (to the extent permitted under applicable law), except fo r the Preferred Senior Debt Borrowers, North Oil Services S.A.C., established in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalfo f the Bondholders).
The definition of "Hydrocarbon Resources" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended to read as follows:
"Hydrocarbon Resources "means:
(i) the 100% owner share in Block III and Block IV in the Talara province in Peru; and
(ii) the 50-70% owner share and operatorship in the three producing concessions PuliB, Puli-C and Armero.
The definition of "Preferred Senior Debt" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended to read as follows:
"Preferred Senior Debt " means up to USD 10 million secured debt advanced by the Preferred Senior Lender in Colombia and zero secured debt in Peru to the Preferred Senior
3

Debt Borrowers, unless increased pursuant to the provisions applicable fo r a Preferred Senior Debt Increase.
The definition of "Security Interest" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended by deleting item (vi). Item (vii) shall consequently be renamed (vi).
The definition of "Preferred Senior Debt Increase" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended to read as follows:
"Preferred Senior Debt Increase " means an increase o f the principal amount o f secured debt advanced by the Preferred Senior Lender to the Preferred Senior Debt Borrowers above USD 10 million.
The definition of "Share Charge" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended to read as follows:
"Share Charge " means the share pledges/charges over all o f the shares (100%) in each o f the Subsidiaries except the Preferred Senior Debt Borrowers, North Oil Services S.A. C. and their respective subsidiaries, including executed but undated letters o f resignationfrom all board members as well as a covenant to obtain letters o f resignation from future board members, established infavour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalfo f the Bondholders).
The definition of "Subsidiaries" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended by deleting point (v), (vi) and (vii) and shall read as follows:
"Subsidiaries "means, fo r the purpose o f this Bond Agreement, thefollowing directly and indirectly 100% owned subsidiaries o f the Issuer:
(i) InterOil Exploration & Production Latin America AS (Norway) (registration no. 988 672 653) being a 100% owned subsidiary o f the Issuer;
(ii) North Oil Services S.A.C. (Peru) being a 100% owned subsidiary o fInterOil Exploration & Production Latin America AS;
(iii) InterOil Peru S.A. (Peru) being a 100% owned subsidiary o fInterOil Exploration & Production Latin America AS;
(iv) InterOil Colombia Exploration & Production Inc (British Virgin Island) (whichfo r the avoidance o f doubt shall include the branch InterOil Colombia Exploration & Production Inc (Colombia)), being a 100% owned subsidiary o fInterOil Exploration & Production Latin America AS. "
Clause 10.2 shall be amended as follows:
10.2.1 (b) is amended to read as follows:
"from and including the Interest Payment Date in September 2012 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2015 at a price equal to 105.00% plus accrued interest on redeemed amount; and"
4
cS

10.2.1 (c) is amended to read as follows:
"from and including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2015 to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 101.00% plus accrued interest on redeemed amount. "
Clause 10.4 shall be amended as follows:
Clause 10,4 shall be deleted in its entirety.
Clause 13.3 shall be amended as follows:
Clause 13.3 (10 (ip shall be amended to read as follows:
"The amount standing to the credit o f the Issuer on the Retention Account pursuant to Clause 13.3 (k) (i) above may only be used in the event o f an Event o fDefault under the Bond Issue, whereby it shall be employed to pay the coupons under the Bonds. "
Clause 13.3 (kp (in) shall be amended to read as follows:
"All cashflows transferred to the Issuerfrom its Subsidiaries other than payments to cover existing contractual obligations, ordinary overhead and administration expenses shall be deposited in and retained on the Retention Account at any and all time during the tenor o f the Bonds, and any such amounts deposited in the Retention Account to be released only to service interest payments and repayments on the Bonds. "
Clause 13.5 shall be amended as follows:
Clause 13.5 fa') shall be amended to read as follows:
"The issuer shall not: (a) Declare or make dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase o f shares, any total return swaps, or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital."
Clause 13.5 (f) shall be amended to read as follows:
"The Issuer shall not: 0) enter into any contracts or arrangements to hedge oil price risk other than those contemplated by the Preferred Senior Debt, unless at market price and not having a Material Adverse Effect. "
A new Clause 13.5 (s') shall be added:
"(g) repay any existing unsecured debt as o f 31.12.2012 which is not part o f the daily operation o f the Company until thefinal maturity o f the Bond Loan. "
Clause 13.7 shall be amended as follows:
5

Clause 13.7 (V) (iv) shall be amended to read as follows:
"unsecured debt and total capital leases not to exceed the aggregate amount o f USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time outstanding;"
Clause 13.7 b) (v~) shall be deleted in its entirety
Clause 13.7 b) (Vi) shall be renamed (v), and (vii) shall be renamed (vi).
Clause 13.8 shall be amended as follows:
Clause 13.8 shall be deleted in its entirety.
3.2 Continuing obligations The provisions of the Bond Agreement shall, save as amended and restated by this Agreement, continue in full force and effect. References to the Bond Agreement in any other document shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.
4. MISCELLANEOUS
4.1 Incorporation of terms The provisions Clause 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Agreement" are also references to this Agreement.
4.2 Additional Finance Document This Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Bond Agreement.
Each party to this Agreement acknowledge and agree that, with effect from the date of this Agreement, each reference in any Finance Document to the Bond Agreement shall be construed as a reference also to this Agreement. References to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.
5. GOVERNING LAW This Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.

Inter Oil Exploration & Production ASA

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Issuer

Bond Trustee 6

