Harkand EMEA Group Management Discussion and Analysis Period ended 31 December 2014
General information
Principal activities
The principal activity of the Harkand EMEA Group ("EMEA") is the provision of subsea services (survey, inspection, repair, maintenance and light construction) to the international oil and gas industry. The Group's mission is to offer a high quality and cost effective service with a strong emphasis on safety and operational efficiency to the fast-growing subsea integrity management market.
Business review
EMEA carries out operations in the North Sea and West Africa, and represents the majority of its revenues and assets. EMEA has a long established presence in the North Sea, and is a leading provider of diving, ROV and survey services in the region. Over the past two years EMEA has also established a strong presence in West Africa, and during the period transitioned management of the Africa region to its Houston office, which has considerable experience of running operations in Africa.
EMEA was created through the combination of three businesses:
 Andrews Survey was founded in Aberdeen in 1978. By 2007 it had grown to a leading contractor in the hydrographic and subsea survey sector in the North Sea. In 2007 it was acquired by ISS.
 Harkand UK (formerly ISS) was founded in Aberdeen in 2002. By 2011 it had grown to become a leading provider of diving and ROV services in its core North Sea market, with regional offices in Singapore, Australia and Azerbaijan. It was acquired by Oaktree in 2012 and combined with Iremis.
 Harkand West Africa (formerly Iremis) was founded by Oaktree in 2011 with the acquisition of the Atlantis and Da Vinci vessels. Based in UAE, its key markets were West Africa and the North Sea. Oaktree's acquisition of ISS in 2012 allowed the creation of the Harkand Group in 2013, bringing Harkand's vessels access to and utilisation in the North Sea market.
The three businesses were highly complementary, combining Iremis' modern high-end assets with ISS and Andrews Survey's extended range of services.
EMEA owns the key assets of the Harkand Group: Two state-of-the-art DSVs, the Atlantis and the Da Vinci, and the Harkand Group's entire fleet of 32 ROVs. The Group operates 21 ROVs itself, while the remaining 11 ROVs are chartered to other companies within the Harkand Group.
Future developments
The formation of the Harkand Group provides a strong commercial, technical, financial and governance platform from which to consolidate the industry and create a market-leading name in subsea inspection, repair, maintenance and survey of offshore oil and gas fields. The Harkand Group is focused on attaining the highest standards in health, safety, quality and environmental performance along with first class project execution.

Commentary on financial performance
Overview of the period ended 31 December 2014:
 On a statutory basis Harkand EMEA delivered Revenue of $216.9m and EBITDA of $45.0m from incorporation in 2014 to 31 December 2014
 In the period the Harkand EMEA group was created and it issued and listed a $230m Bond  Harkand is now a fully recognised player offering a suite of IRM, Light Construction and Survey services  Successfully awarded two Frame Agreements and continued to generate revenue from recurring clients  Our top-tier assets in the regions attracted top-tier clients and we executed well on all contracts  Corporate structure & Executive Management team fully operational  Invoice discounting was increased across the Group to support working capital  Joint Venture established in Africa to pave the way for growth in the region  Unprofitable Sharjah operation discontinued
Key performance highlights during the period ended 31 December 2014 were:
 Utilisation rates for vessels favourable overall against prior in the period to September but market conditions suppress utilisation in the last quarter
 Sell rates have been strong in the North Sea  Survey business continues to perform well and is ahead of expectations  First steps in West Africa growth strategy made
Utilisation rates for vessels favourable overall against prior in the period to September but market conditions suppress utilisation in the last quarter
Utilisation of vessels was good over the six months ended 30 September 2014. The Atlantis was fully utilised and benefited from additional days of hire from an existing project. The Da Vinci moved to the North Sea in April and after some initial mobilization works in order to be North Sea compliant, had strong utilization.
The Atlantis was fully utilised in July and August and delivered strong margin. The Da Vinci performed well on 3 projects and delivered stable margins. Both DSVs suffered lower utilisation rates than expected in September as external market conditions began to take effect.
In addition there were 2 ROVSVs operating in Europe. The Go Electra and the Surf Ranger performed well in the quarter ended June 2014 with almost full utilisation. The Surf Ranger was seasonal charter that joined the fleet in May.
The Go Electra was used in ROVSV and Air Diving Mode with almost full utilisation in the quarter ended September 2014. The Surf Ranger's performance was strong in July however it required some technical work in August before mobilising to its next project. The Surf Ranger was utilised less than expected in September owing to the downward trend in the market.
The Da Vinci was transited to Poland In October for repairs on thrusters and delta modules while upgrading its crane. The Da Vinci remained in Poland during the whole of December and was therefore not available for work. This resulted in an adverse utilisation than expected.
The Atlantis performed well in October on its existing contract, which extended into December resulting in a favourable result than expected.
During November the charter of the Surf Ranger ROVSV, taken on as a seasonal vessel, expired and was not renewed. The Go Electra secured a good contract in October and was utilised more than anticipated, which delivered strong margins against a backdrop of tough market conditions.

Sell rates have been strong in the North Sea
The average sell rates during the period across the 4 vessels has been good. The Atlantis and Da Vinci achieved sell rates favourable to expectations benefiting from the strong North Sea rates during the period. The Da Vinci in particular managed sell rates well ahead of prior year.
The Go Electra and Surf Ranger average sell rates were better than the prior year overall.
Survey business continues to perform well and is ahead of expectations
The survey business has performed strongly throughout the period and consistently beat expectations, which has been reflected in favourable gross margins compared to prior year.
First steps in West Africa growth strategy made
A permanent presence has been established during the period. The Harkand commercial team have continued to work with Harkand's local partners leading to positive meetings with potential clients. Progress has been made and bids have been submitted.
Management see good demand for Harkand's service in the West Africa market and consider this to be an increasing part of the Harkand EMEA's overall growth strategy.

