FINAL TERMS DATED 7 October 2010

Series No. 047-1

Tranche No. 1

DANSKE BANK A/S

EUR 25,000,000,000

Global Covered Bond Programme

Issue of

NOK 500,000,000 4.675per cent Covered Bonds due 2025

The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Covered Bonds in any Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus Directive (2003/71/EC) (each a "Relevant Member State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Directive, as implemented in that Relevant Member State, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Covered Bonds. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant Member State of the Covered Bonds may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 16 of the Prospectus Directive, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Covered Bonds in any other circumstances.

PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 11 November 2009, the Prospectus Supplement No. 1 dated 9 February 2010, the Prospectus Supplement No. 2 dated 6 May 2010 and the Prospectus Supplement No. 3 dated 31 August 2010, which together constitute a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (Directive 2003/71/EC) (the "Prospectus Directive"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at and copies may be obtained from the Specified Offices of the Paying Agents.

1. Issuer:

Danske Bank A/S

2. (i) (ii)

Series Number: Relevant Issuer Cover Pool:

(iii)

Tranche Number:

3. Specified Currency or Currencies:

4. Aggregate Nominal Amount:

5. Issue Price:

6. (i)

Specified Denomination(s):

047-1 Category I (International Residential Real Estate)
1 Norwegian Kroner ("NOK") NOK 500,000,000 100.00 per cent, of the Aggregate Nominal Amount NOK 500,000

-1

(ii)
7. (i) (ii)
8. (0 (ii)

Calculation Amount:
Issue Date: Interest Commencement Date: Maturity Date: Extended Maturity Date:

9. Interest Basis:

10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 11. Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment
Basis: 12. Fut/Call Options: 13. Method of distribution:

NOK 500,000
12 October 2010 12 October 2010 10 October 2025 Applicable The Extended Maturity Date is the Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to October 2026. 4.675 per cent, per annum Fixed Rate for the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. In the event that the Issuer does not redeem the Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date, the Covered Bonds will bear interest at the rate of 1-month NIBOR + 1.00 per cent. Floating Rate from (and including) the Maturity Date and thereafter. (further particulars specified below) Redemption at par
See item 9 above
Not Applicable
Non-syndicated

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

14. Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions

Applicable (until the Maturity Date)

(i)

Rate of Interest:

(ii) Interest Payment Date(s):

4.675 per cent, per annum payable annually in arrear
10 October in each year from and including 10 October 2011 to and including the Maturity Date.

(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): (iv) Broken Amount(s):
(v) Day Count Fraction:

There will be a short first coupon in respect of the period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 10 October 2011. NOK 23,375 per Calculation Amount
NOK 23,245.14 per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date falling on 10 October 2011. 30/360

-2-

(vi) Other terms relating to themethod Not Applicable of calculating interest for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds:

15. Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions

Applicable if the Issuer does not redeem the Covered Bonds in hill on the Maturity Date

(i)

Specified Period:

(ii) Interest Payment Dates:

(iii) Business Day Convention: (iv) Applicable Business Centre(s):

Not Applicable
In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity Date up to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date, Interest Payment Dates will be the 10thof each month, commencing on 10 November 2025 and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full; and (ii) the Extended Maturity Date.
Modified Following Business Day Convention
Oslo and Stockholm

(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Screen Rate Determination Interest is/are to be determined:

(vi) Party responsible for calculating the Danske Bank A/S Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s):

(vii) Screen Rate Determination:

Applicable

- Reference Rate:

1-month NIBOR

- Interest Determination Date(s):
- Relevant Screen Page:
- Relevant Time: - Relevant Financial Centre: - Reference Banks

The second Business Day in Oslo prior to the start of each Interest Period. Reuters Page NIBR or such other page as may replace such page on Reuters. 12:00 noon (Oslo time)
Oslo
As selected by the Calculation Agent

(viii) ISDA Determination:

Not Applicable

(ix) Margin(s):

+1.00 per cent, per annum

(x) Minimum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(xii) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

(xiii) Fall back provisions, rounding Not Applicable provisions, denominator and any other terms relating to the method of calculating interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds, if different

-3 -

from those set out in the Conditions:
16. Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions Not Applicable

17. Index-Linked Interest Covered Bond /other variable-linked interest Covered Bond Provisions
18. Dual Currency Covered Bond Provisions

Not Applicable Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

19. Call Option

Not Applicable

20. Put Option 21. Final Redemption Amount

Not Applicable
Outstanding Principal Amount per Calculation Amount

In cases where the Final Redemption Amount is Index-Linked or other variablelinked:

Not Applicable

22. Early Redemption Amount (Tax) or Early Termination Amount

Early Redemption Amount (Tax) or Early Termination Amount or other early redemption and/or the method of calculating the same (if required or if different from that set out in the Conditions):

As set out in the Conditions

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS

23. Form of Covered Bonds:

VP Systems Covered Bonds issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. See further item 6 of Part B below.

24. If issued as Registered Covered Bond/German Registered Covered Bonds, Registrar:

Not Applicable

25. New Global Covered Bond Form:

Not Applicable

26. Applicable Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions relating to Payment Business Day
27. Talons for future Coupons to be attached to Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on which such Talons mature):
28. Other final terms:

Oslo and Stockholm No Not Applicable

DISTRIBUTION

-4-

29. (i)

If syndicated, names and addresses Not Applicable of Managers and underwriting commitments:

(ii) Date of Subscription Agreement: (iii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 30. If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer:
31. Total commission and concession:

Not Applicable Not Applicable Danske Bank A/S 2-12 Holmens Kanal DK-1092 Copenhagen K 0.35 per cent, of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

32. Additional selling restrictions: 33. Non-exempt Offer:

Not Applicable Not Applicable

LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of
Covered Bonds described herein pursuant to the Danske Bank A/S EUR 25,000,000,000 Global Covered Bond Programme.
RESPONSIBILITY The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. The Issuer
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:

Duty authorised CC: Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as Fiscal Agent and Principal Registrar

-5 -

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

1. Listing and Admission to Trading

(i)

Listing:

The regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange within the meaning of the Prospectus Directive.

(ii) Admission to trading: 2. Ratings

Application has been made for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange with effect from 12 October 2010.

Ratings:

If rated, the Covered Bonds to be issued are expected to be rated: Moody's: Aaa

3. Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue
Save as discussed in the "Subscription and Sale" section of the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.

4. Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only - Yield Indication of yield:

4.675 per cent, per annum, calculated as 30/360 on the Issue Date.

As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.
5. Floating Rate Covered Bonds only --Historic Interest Rates
Details of historic NIBOR rates can be obtained from Bloomberg.

6. Operational Information:

ISIN Code/CUSIP:

N00010589880

Common Code:

Not Applicable

New Global Covered Bond intended to be held in a Not Applicable maimer which would allow Eurosystem eligibility:

Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream Banking, Societe Anonyme or DTC and the relevant identification number(s):

VPS, Norway. VPS identification number: N00010589880. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information from the register maintained by VPS for the purpose of performing its obligations under the issue of VP Systems Covered Bonds.

Settlement Procedures:

Customary covered bond settlement and payment procedures apply

Delivery:
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if any):

Delivery against payment Not Applicable

6-

