ISIN: NO 001 0529159
Amendment Agreement NO 1 to
the Bond Agreement between
Storebrand Multi Strategy XXL Ltd. ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue "FRN Storebrand Multi Strategy XXL Ltd. Bond Issue 2009/2019"

norsk tillitsmann as

This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated on 7 February 2014 between Storebrand Multi Strategy XXL Ltd (the "Issuer") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee").
1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement
The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the agreement Bond Agreement "FRN Storebrand Multi Strategy XXL Ltd. Bond Issue 2009/2019" - ISIN 001 0529159, based on resolution adopted at the Bondholders' Meeting dated 7 February 2014.
2. Amendment to the Bond Agreement
The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) Clause 3.7.2 shall be amended to read:
"Exercise o f Call shall be notified by the Issuer to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee at least 5 (five) calendar days prior to the relevant Call Date. "
(ii) New Clause 3.7.6 shall read:
"The Issuer may elect to redeem the Bonds (including accrued interest) on the Maturity Date or the Call settlement date with delivery o ffund units in the hedgefund Storebrand Multi Strategy Ltd ("SMS Fund Units ", a fund owned by the Issuer) with respect to all, but not some only, o f the Bonds. The most current o f the last official net asset value estimate and the last available 5th business day estimate for the net asset value per share fo r SMS Fund Units at the settlement date shall be used to determine the number o f SMS Fund Units to be delivered to the Bondholders. "
3. Confirmation of the Bond Agreement
All other provisions of the Bond Agreement remain in full force. The Bond Agreement and this Amendment Agreement constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the above mentioned Bond issue.
4. Governing Law
Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.
5. Commencement
The amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence at the date of the Bondholders' Meeting.

Storebrand

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2

