NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.trustee.no
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
To the bondholders in: ISIN: N00010374937 FRN Oceanlink Ltd. Open Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012

Oslo, 28 May 2010
Summons to Bondholders meeting - Oceanlink Ltd - Restructuring
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM") is appointed as Loan Trustee for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Loan") where Oceanlink Ltd. ("Oceanlink" or the "Company") is the issuer. The terms and conditions of the Loan are set out in the loan agreement (the "Loan Agreement") between Oceanlink and NTM (on behalf of the Bondholders) dated 28 June 2007. The Remaining Loan is NOK 150.000.000,-
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Loan Agreement or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
The information regarding the operational andfinancial status of the Company and market conditions isprovided by the Company, andNTM expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.
Background
Please see Attachment 1 for Background.
The Restructuring Plan
Please see Attachment 2 for a description of the Restructuring Plan.
Information meeting with the bondholders before the Bondholders' meeting
In order to prepare the bondholders for a decision on a short notice Oceanlink therefore invite the bondholders to have a meeting before the bondholder meeting, to explain the situation and the proposed Restructuring Plan. The meeting will be held:
Time: 2 June 2010 at 10:00 hours (Oslo time), Place: The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA,
Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7th floor

M AILING ADDRESS ® P.O.BOX I4 7O VIKA , N -O I16 OSLO

LO CATIO N · H AAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORW AY

phone · +47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail » mail@trustee.no

l l l f · N O R SK TILLITSM AN N ASA
For practical purposes, we request those'WhoTritend to attend the information meeting to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 10:00 hours (10 am) (Oslo time) the same day as the information meeting takes place.

The Proposal

1. The Bondholders accept a payment of 10 % of the Outstanding Loan as a full and final settlement of the Loan including accrued interest. This payment shall be made 5 days after the Restructuring Plan is accepted by all parties involved in the Restructuring Plan, and after all conditions are fulfilled.

2. The acceptance given in 1. is subject to the Restructuring Plan is completed as described in Attachment 2 to this summons. For NTM to regard the conditions to be fulfilled, the CEO of the Company shall provide NTM with a written confirmation that the Restructuring Plan is bindingly accepted by all financial creditors mentioned in the Restructuring Plan (Attachment 2), and such confirmation from the CEO of the Company shall be provided no later than 9 June 2010.

Evaluation of the proposal

The company's evaluation

The Board of Oceanlink states that the information given in the summons and the presentation is correct, and that it has not omitted or given any misleading information. The Board recommends the Bondholders to accept the restructuring plan.

NTM's evaluation

NTM have not been able to fully evaluate the Restructuring Plan within the very limited time available since the Company approached us and asked for a Bondholders' meeting to be summoned. NTM has not been involved in any discussions with the Company prior to being presentet with the Restructuring Plan as an ultimatum. NTM has proposed to the Company, as a possible way to deal with the situation, that parts of the Loan could have been converted into share capital and the Bondholders should have been given the option to participate in a share issue at the same terms as the existing shareholder of the company. This suggestion was turned down by the Company.

The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed restructuring plan is acceptable. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their tax advisors, legal advisors and financial advisors regarding the effect of the proposed restructuring plan.

The Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

7 June 2010 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7thfloor

-2-

Agenda:

NO R SK TILLITSM AN N ASA
W W W . I niSl'CCM'K)

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Approval of the Restructuring Plan.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

1. The Bondholders accept a payment o f 10% o f the Outstanding Loan as afull andfinal settlement o f the Loan including accrued interest. This payment shall be made 5 days after the Restructuring Plan is accepted by allparties involved in the Restructuring Plan.

2. The acceptance given in 1. is subject to the Restructuring Plan is completed as described in Attachment 2 to this summons. For NTM to regard the conditions to be fulfilled, the CEO o f the Company shall provide NTM with a written confirmation that the Restructuring Plan is bindingly accepted by allfinancial creditors mentioned in the Restructuring Plan (Attachment 2), and such confirmationfrom the CEO o f the Company shall be provided no later than 9 June 2010.

3. NTM is given power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by this Bondholders 'meeting as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including to make amendments (ifrequired) to the Loan Agreement.

-oOo-
The above mentioned resolution will according to the Loan Agreement require a qualified majority of 2/3 of the bonds represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favour and a minimum 5/10 of the outstanding bonds being represented at the meeting.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).

-3 -

> N O R SK TIL L ITSM A N N ASA
In the event that Bonds have been transfefiPd'tb a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Enclosed:

Bondholder's Form Attachment 1 - Background Attachment 2 - The Restructuring Plan Presentation to the Bondholders as of 28 May 2010 (only distributed by mail, and not posted as attachment on www.stamdata.no)

-4-

Attachment 1
OCEANLINK MANA GEMENTAS
To whom it may concern

Oslo, 28 May 2010
OCEANLINK Ltd. - BACKGROUND
Severe circumstances relative to two supply ships under financial bareboat arrangements with Oceanlink - in combination with a continuation of the negative trends in freight levels both for supply ships and reefer ships - necessitates a joint effort within short by and between Oceanlink and its financial creditors in order to allow Oceanlink to continue trading.
Currently Oceanlink only has means to support its financial commitments throughout May 2010 as in the circumstances it has not been possible to secure other financing.
Oceanlink is engaged in the business of operating supply and reefer vessels. The fleet currently consists of 9 vessels - 4 Anchor Handling Tug Supply Vessels (AHTS Vessels) and 5 Reefer Vessels (R Vessels). All of the AHTS Vessels and four of the R Vessels are on financial bare boat arrangements with Norwegian DIS-companies (as the owners of these vessels) under which Oceanlink is supposed to buy the vessels at pre-fixed prices at the end of the relevant charter periods.
The AHTS Vessel "Ocean Viking" has been in Brazil for continuous repair works and only fragmentarily on revenue generating charters since 2008. Two AHTS Vessels were previously sold to Venezuelan interests for approximately USD 40 million; however, the buyer failed to complete both these transactions. One of these vessels - the "Nobleman" - was illegitimately detained in Venezuela until late April this year when released in poor condition. The resulting

Oceanlink Management AS P.O.Box 1713 Vika 0121 Oslo Norway

Phone: + 47 22 83 89 83

Fax:

+ 47 22 83 80 90

E-mail: oceanlink@oceanlink.no

www.oceanlink.no

Org no 985139849

Attachment 1
OCEANLINK MANA GEMENTAS
effect being no sales gain as well as no revenue generating activity for the vessel during this period.
In taking the view that these special situations would be resolved within reasonable time and possibly coincide with an improved market situation for both reefers and supply ships in 2009 or 2010, First Olsen Ltd. ("First Olsen") (at that time 57% owner of Oceanlink) supported Oceanlink by means of USD 30 million in equity during 2008 and 2009. In an attempt to further consolidate the operations of Oceanlink, First Olsen offered to buy out minority shareholders in September 2009 and injected a further total of USD 13.5 million during December 2009 and 1Q 2010.
During 1 Q 2010, First Olsen - through in house ship management expertise - assisted Oceanlink in addressing identified outstanding technical issues with "Ocean Viking" which initially were expected to be of a minor character since the ship had been subject to extensive repairs over a long time. However, as a consequence of the Ocean Viking continuingly producing technical failures additional examinations were undertaken in late April/early May. Unfortunately these only revealed that the overall technical condition of the ship was significantly more serious than previously perceived. Recent preliminary assessments of necessary repair works allowing the "Ocean Viking" to embark on a potential charter with Petrobras thus point to significant investments.
Throughout the time the "Nobleman" was detained in Venezuela, substantial legal efforts were brought to bear with a view to free the ship and/or seek insurance coverage. What was perceived as a "confiscation" of the ship lasted for one and a half year in warm waters. Although having maintained a full crew allowing for ordinary maintenance, the ship had by then lost its classification certificates. Following examinations during this month of May on what is required in order to bring the ship back to class and in revenue generating condition, it seems clear that substantial repair works are required.
The other activity of the Company, i.e. the reefer trade, has - contrary to expectations - faced a continuing descending trend. Freight levels are currently very low with little if any sign of improvements on the back of a fiercely competing container market and a slow world economy activity generally.
The Company is therefore now faced with unbearable capital expenditures relative to the two aforementioned supply ships in order for them to become operable - and with no market improvements to set off these against. This is coupled with current high bare boat charter obligations towards the DIS companies - which together leaves insufficient funding in Oceanlink

Oceanlink Management AS P.O.Box 1713 Vika 0121 Oslo Norway

Phone: + 47 22 83 89 83

Fax:

+ 47 22 83 80 90

E-mail: oceanlink@oceanlink.no

www.oceanlink.no

Org no 985139849

Attachment 1
OCEANLINK MANA GEMENTAS
relative to its financial obligations. At this point Oceanlink, based on existing financial and other contractual obligations, will during the next two to three years be in need of substantial additional funding.
First Olsen Ltd. the owner of Oceanlink who is under no obligations to secure a further operation of Oceanlink - is not prepared to make any financial contribution going forward unless all financial creditors participate on a mutually agreed basis. If Oceanlink do not get an agreement with all its financial creditors within June 9 2010, Oceanlink will consider bankruptcy petition. Bankruptcy in Oceanlink will most likely give no dividend to the unsecured creditors.
Sincerely; for and on behalf of Oceanlink Ltd.
Anders Ingebrigtsen Managing Director (sign)

Oceanlink Management AS P.O.Box 1713 Vika 0121 Oslo Norway

Phone: + 47 22 83 89 83

Fax:

+ 47 22 83 80 90

E-mail: oceanlink@oceanlink.no

www.oceanlink.no

Org no 985139849

Attachment 2

RESTRUCTURING PLAN

FINANCIAL CREDITOR First Olsen Ltd

RESTRUCTURING PROPOSAL Will credit current loan of USD 13,5 million to Oceanlink ltd. Will write down the equity to zero. Will put in USD 3.5 million in share capital and provide a loan facility to Oceanlink of USD 3.5 million. Will issue guarantees in favor of reefer shipowning companies (DIS) of total USD 14.4 million for the proposed bareboat charter hire until end 2013.

Oceanlink Offshore DIS

Oceanlink offer to purchase remaining DIS shares at market value.* Repayment of remaining loan (Nordea) postponed and timed with the sale of the Ocean Supplier. Initially for a year and then annual renewal.

Oceanlink Offshore II DIS

Oceanlink offer to purchase remaining DIS shares at marked value.* Repayment of remaining loan to Nordea postponed and timed with the sale of the Ocean Supporter. Initially for a year and then annual renewal.

Oceanlink Offshore III DIS

Oceanlink offer to DIS participants of USD 1.0 million in compensation for cancellation of the bareboat charter party per 1 June 2010. Loan to DIS (charterer's credit of USD 1.0 million) will be cancelled and credited the DIS. Oceanlink still responsible for its share of uncalled capital in the DIS

Oceanlink Reefer DIS Oceanlink Reefer II DIS

Oceanlink wants to cancel current bareboat charter party per 1 June 2010.
Current loan to DIS (charterer's credit of USD 3.0 million) will be cancelled and credited the DIS.
Oceanlink can agree to a new bareboat cp based on Hire of USD 1,000 per day for each vessel Duration until 31 December 2013 Sharing 50/50 of all net profit above USD 2,475 per day (125% of current revenue level). DIS proceeds from profit sharing to be used on extra down payments on loan.
Oceanlink wants to cancel current bareboat charter party per 1 June 2010.

Attachment 2

Oceanlink Reefer III DIS Nordea Bondholders

Current loan to DIS (charterer's credit of USD 1,5 million) will be cancelled and credited the DIS.
Oceanlink can agree to a new bareboat cp based on Hire of USD 4,000 per day Duration until 31 December 2013 Sharing 50/50 of all net profit above USD 2,800 per day (125% of current revenue level).* DIS proceeds from profit sharing to be used on extra down payments on loan.
Oceanlink still responsible for its share of uncalled capital in the DIS
Oceanlink wants to cancel current bareboat charter party per 1 June 2010.
Current loan to DIS (charterer's credit of USD 2,0 million) will be cancelled and credited the DIS.
Oceanlink can agree to a new bareboat cp based on Hire of USD 5,000 per day Duration until 31 December 2013 Sharing 50/50 of all net profit above USD 3,050 per day (125% of current revenue level). DIS proceeds from profit sharing to be used on extra down payments on loan. Oceanlink still responsible for its share of uncalled capital Repayment of Oceanlink Maritime Pte Ltd loan (USD 2.125 million) timed with sale/scrapping of Storm Bay. Oceanlink compensates losses on uncovered net position on currency swap contracts with USD 1.0 million. Oceanlink Offshore DIS: Nordea agrees to time repayment of loan with the sale of Ocean Supplier. Initially for a year and then annual renewal. Oceanlink Offshore II DIS: Nordea agrees to time repayment of loan with the sale of Ocean Supporter. Initially for a year and then annual renewal. Oceanlink Reefer DIS: Nordea agrees to freeze the current loan balance until end 2013. Oceanlink Reefer II DIS: Nordea agrees to a new down payment plan based on a new bareboat hire of USD 4,000 per day. No call of capital. Oceanlink Reefer III DIS: Nordea agrees to a new down payment plan based on a new bareboat hire of USD 5,000 per day. No call of capital.
The holders of the unsecured loan of NOK 150 million are offered a 10% dividend (NOK 15.0 million) payable within 5 days after Binding acceptance from all the financial creditors

Attachment 2
* Alternatively Oceanlink to declare purchase option according to bareboat agreement to buy the vessel and have the loan with Nordeatransferred as partial payment
The restructuration proposal is dependent on acceptance from all the above mentioned financial creditors in Oceanlink.
Condition: · Binding acceptance from all the above mentioned financial creditors no later than 9 June 2010.

