Execution version
VPS TRUSTEE AGREEMENT
between
Storebrand Livsforsikring AS
(the "Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(the "T ru ste e ") dated 25 June 2008

# 2061420/6

I

Execution version
THIS VPS TRUSTEE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is dated 25 June 2008 and made between:
(1) STOREBRAND LIVSFORSIKRING AS, Filipstad Brygge 1, N-0114 Oslo, Norway, with registration number 958 995 369 (the "Issuer"), and
(2) NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA, Haakon VIIs gate 1, N-0161 Oslo, Norway, with registration number 963 342 624 (the "Trustee").

1.

INTRODUCTION

1.1

The Issuer, being a wholly-owned subsidiary of Storebrand ASA and with its

principal business areas being pensions and life insurance, will offer subordinated

notes (the "Notes") in the aggregate principal amount of NOK 1,700,000,000 Floating

Rate Perpetual Subordinated Notes (the "Issue"). The Notes will be issued in

uncertificated book entry form (and will not be evidenced by any physical note or

document of title) cleared through the VPS (as defined below) and evidenced by the

crediting of the Notes to accounts made by the VPS.

1.2

The Notes must comply with the Norwegian Securities Register Act of 5 July 2005

no. 64, as amended from time to time, and the holders of Notes will be entitled to the

rights and subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any

related regulations and legislation.

1.3

The Issuer has applied to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier

(CSSF) for a listing of the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock

Exchange and admission to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated

market.

1.4

This Agreement and the Conditions (as defined below) set out the terms and

conditions on which the Trustee has agreed to act as a Trustee for the benefit of the

holders of for the time being of Notes.

2.

DEFINITIONS

When used in this Agreement, the following capitalised terms shall have the meaning set out below:

"Business Day"

means a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions;

"Calculation Agent

means Nordea Bank Norge ASA or any other person appointed to acts as calculation agent in respect of the Notes as detailed in the Conditions.

"Conditions"

means the terms and conditions applicable to the Issue and the Notes, as set out in section "Conditions o f the Notes" of the Prospectus and attached to this Agreement in Schedule 1 (Conditions o f the Notes)',

"Exchange"

means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange;

# 2061420/6

2

"Issue" "Issue Date" "Issuer's Notes"
"Noteholders" "Prospectus" "Voting Notes"
"VPS" "VPS Agent"

Execution version
means the issue of Notes for which the Trustee has been appointed by the Issuer as trustee;
means the date of the Issue;
means any Notes owned beneficially by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence;
means the holders of the Notes;
means the prospectus dated 25 June 2008 prepared in connection with the Issue;
means the aggregate nominal value of the total number of Notes not redeemed or otherwise deregistered in the VPS, less the Issuer's Notes;
means the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary (No: Verdipapirsentralen)', and
means Nordea Bank Norge ASA or any other person appointed to acts as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with the VPS in respect of the Notes as detailed in the Conditions,

Capitalised terms used herein and not defined herein, shall have the same meaning as in the Conditions.

3.

LISTING AND PROSPECTUS

3.1

All matters concerning the listing requiring the approval of the Noteholders shall be

resolved pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

3.2

The Issuer shall submit the documents and the information necessary to maintain the

listing of the Notes on the Exchange.

3.3

The Issuer shall ensure that this Agreement shall be incorporated as may be required

by law or in the Prospectus and any other subscription or information materials related

to the Issue.

4.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

4.1

The Trustee shall have received the following documentation, no later than two (2)

Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) the Issuer's corporate resolution to make the Issue;

(b) confirmation that the relevant individuals are authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer all relevant documents in relation to the Issue;

#2061420/6

3

(c) the Issuer's Articles of Association (No: vedtekter)',

Execution version

(d) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (prospectus requirements) are fulfilled or does not apply;

(e) to the extent necessary, any public or governmental authorisations required for the Issue;

(f) confirmation from the VPS Agent that the Issue has been registered in the VPS;

(g) agreement regarding the Trustee's fees and expenses as set forth in Clause 9.2, duly signed;

(h) confirmation by the Issuer of its compliance with clause 5.1 of this Agreement in accordance with Clause 5.2, if applicable;

(i) a copy o f the Prospectus (including the Conditions);

(j) any other relevant documentation presented in relation to the Issue; and

(k) any statements (including legal opinions) required by the Trustee regarding documentation in this Clause 4.

4.2

The Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for the

documentation as set forth in Clause 4.1.

4.3

The Issue is subject to the Trustee's written notice to the Issuer and the VPS Agent

that the documents have been controlled and that the conditions precedent required

under Clause 4.1 of this Agreement are fulfilled.

5.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Trustee that on the date of this Agreement

and on the Issue Date:

(a) all information which has been presented in relation to the Issue is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect the importance of the information as regards the evaluation of the Notes to be issued in the Issue, and that the Issuer has taken all reasonable measures to ensure this;

(b) the Issuer has made a valid resolution to make the Issue, and the Issue does not contravene any of the Issuer's other liabilities;

(c) all public requirements have been fulfilled (i.a. Norwegian Securities Trading Act Chapter 7 and the Norwegian Issue Regulations 1996 no. 1247), and that any required public or governmental authorizations have been obtained; and

(d) the Issue is in accordance with the Conditions, except as may be varied or amended pursuant to the Conditions in respect of the Issue.

5.2

The Trustee may prior to the Issue Date require a statement from the Issuer

confirming the Issuer's compliance with Clause 5.1.

#2061420/6

4

Execution version

6.

REGISTRATION OF VPS NOTES

6.1 The Issuer shall continuously ensure the correct registration in the VPS of the Issue.

7.

INFORMATION COVENANTS

7.1

The Issuer undertakes to:

(a) inform the Trustee promptly of any matter which is likely to result in the default of the Issuer's payment obligations under the Issue;

(b) inform the Trustee of any other event which may have a material effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations in respect of the Notes;

(c) upon request, provide the Trustee with its annual and interim reports and any other information reasonably required by the Trustee;

(d) upon request report to the Trustee the principal amount outstanding o f the Issuer's Notes;

(e) provide a copy to the Trustee of any notice to its creditors to be made according to applicable laws and regulations;

(f) send a copy to the Trustee of notices to the Exchange which have relevance to the Issuer's liabilities under the Issue; and

(g) inform the Trustee of changes in the registration of the Issue in the VPS.

8.

NOTICES

8.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Noteholders made by the Trustee shall

be given to the VPS (with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange) for communication

by it to the Noteholders. Any such notice delivered through the VPS pursuant to this

Clause 8 shall be deemed to have been given on the date two (2) days after delivery to

the VPS.

8.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Noteholders shall be sent via the Trustee, or

alternatively through the VPS with a copy to the Trustee and the Exchange. The Issuer

shall ensure that, so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on, the

Official List of the Exchange and the rules o f that exchange so require, notices to

Noteholders will also be published on the date of such mailing either on the website of

the Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading newspaper of general circulation in

Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt) or in

such other manner which complies with the rules of the Exchange.

9.

EXPENSES

9.1

The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Agreement, the

Issue, the listing of Notes on the Exchange and the registration and administration of

Notes in the Issue in tire VPS.

#2061420/6

5

Execution version

9.2

The expenses and fees payable to the Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set

forth in a separate agreement.

9.3

Any public fees payable in connection with this Agreement and the Issue and

fulfilling of the obligations pursuant to this Agreement and the Issue shall be covered

by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any public fees levied on

the trading of Notes.

10.

MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS

10.1 The meeting of the Noteholders represents the supreme authority of the Noteholders jointly. If a resolution by or an approval of the Noteholders is required pursuant to this Agreement or the Conditions or by law, such resolution shall be passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. Resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding and prevail for all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at such meeting.

10.2 A meeting of the Noteholders shall be held at the request of:
(a) tire Issuer, (b) the Trustee; or (c) Noteholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Notes.
10.3 A meeting of the Noteholders shall be summoned by the Trustee, A request for a meeting of the Noteholders shall be made in writing to the Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.
10.4 If the Trustee has not summoned a meeting of the Noteholders within ten (10) Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summon a meeting of the Noteholders itself.
10.5 Summons to a meeting of the Noteholders shall be dispatched no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Noteholder holding of Notes shall be sent to all Noteholders registered in the VPS at the time of distribution.
10.6 The summons shall specify the agenda of the meeting of the Noteholders. The Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to the Conditions and/or this Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
10.7 The Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Notes in the period from distribution o f the summons until the meeting of the Noteholders.
10.8 Matters that have not been reported to the Noteholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning o f a meeting of Noteholders may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Notes.
10.9 A meeting of the Noteholders shall be held on premises designated by the Trustee. The meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the meeting itself, be chaired by the Trustee. If the Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be opened by a Noteholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the meeting of the Noteholders.

# 2061420/6

6

10.10

Execution version
Minutes of the meeting of the Noteholders shall be kept. The minutes shall state the Noteholders represented at the meeting with the appurtenant number of Notes they may vote for. Further, the minutes shall record the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the meeting of the Noteholders. The minutes shall be deposited with the Trustee and shall be available to the Noteholders.

10.11

The Noteholders and the Trustee have the right to attend the meeting o f the Noteholders. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the meeting of the Noteholders decides otherwise. Noteholders may attend by a representative holding a proxy satisfactory (in the sole discretion of the Trustee) to the Trustee, Further, Noteholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of a dispute, the Trustee shall decide who may attend the meeting of the Noteholders.

10.12

Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the meeting of the Noteholders. The meeting of the Noteholders may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present during the voting.

10.13

At the meeting o f the Noteholders each Noteholder may cast one vote for each Voting Note owned by it at the close o f business in Oslo on the day prior to the date of the meeting in accordance with the records registered in the VPS. Whoever opens the meeting of the Noteholders shall adjudicate any question concerning which Notes shall count as Issuer's Notes. Issuer's Notes shall have no voting rights.

10.14

In all matters to be dealt with at the meeting of the Noteholders, the Issuer, the Trustee and any Noteholder have the right to demand a vote by ballot. In the case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of whether the chairman is a Noteholder or not.

10.15

In order to form a quorum, one or more persons holding at least one half (1/2) of the Voting Notes must be represented at the meeting, unless one of the matters in Clause 10.17 below is to be discussed, in which case in order to form a quorum, one or more persons holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of the Voting Notes must be represented at the meeting.

10.16 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes represented at the meeting of the Noteholders, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 10.17 below.

10.17

In the following matters, a majority of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast in respect of Voting Notes is required:
(a) modification any date for payment of interest on the Notes specified in the Conditions; or
(b) reduction or cancellation of the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes; or
(c) altering the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; or
(d) modify the provisions of the Notes relating to status and subordination, reduction of principal, deferral of interest or events of default in any manner adverse to Noteholders; or
(e) modification of the majority required to pass a resolution pursuant to this Clause 10.17; or
(f) alteration of this Clause 10.17; or

#2061420/6

7

10.18

Execution version
(g) the transfer of rights and obligations under tire Conditions and this Agreement to another issuer (borrower), or
(h) a change of the Trustee.
The meeting of the Noteholders may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Noteholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Noteholders.

10.19 The Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the meeting of the Noteholders are properly implemented.

10.20 The Issuer and the Noteholders shall be notified of resolutions passed at the meeting of the Noteholders.

10.21

If the meeting of the Noteholders does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 10.15 above, a repeated meeting of the Noteholders may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance at the first meeting of the Noteholders shall be specified in the summons for the repeated meeting of the Noteholders.

10.22

When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated meeting of the Noteholders, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than one half (1/2) of the Voting Notes are represented, unless one ofthe matters referred to in Clause 10.17 above is to be discussed, in which case in order to form a quorum, one or more persons holding at least one-third (1/3) of the Voting Notes must be represented at the meeting.

IX.

ROLE AND AUTHORITY OF THE TRUSTEE

11.1 The Trustee shall monitor tire Issuer's compliance with its obligations under the Conditions, this Agreement, and any laws or regulations that are applicable which shall include:

(a) supervision of timely and correct payments of principal and interest on the Notes;

(b) informing the Noteholders, the VPS Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained or received in its capacity as Trustee which requirement shall not restrict the Trustee discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer;

(c) arranging meetings of the Noteholders (as detailed in Clause 10 above); and,

(d) determining and implementing the measures resolved (including any obligations of the Trustee under the Conditions) pursuant to this Agreement or the Conditions.

The Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond that which is set forth in the Conditions and this Agreement.

11.2 The Trustee may take any step necessary to protect the rights of the Noteholders in all matters relating to the Conditions. The Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to a meeting of the Noteholders.

11.3 Subject to clause 11.5 below, the Trustee may, without providing prior written notice to, or consultation with the Noteholders, make decisions binding on all Noteholders relating to the Conditions, the VPS Agency Agreement and this Agreement including amendments which, in the opinion of the Trustee, are not materially prejudicial to the

#2061420/6

Execution version
interests of the Noteholders, other than amendments which are referred to in clause 11.5 below.

11.4 Subject to clause 11.5 below, the Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Noteholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in sub-clause 11.3 provided that prior written notification is given to the Noteholders. Such notice shall contain;

(a) a proposal of the amendment;

(b) the Trustee's evaluation of the proposed amendment; and

(c) a statement that the Trustee may not reach a decision that is binding for all Noteholders in the event that any Noteholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date of such notification.

11.5 The Trustee may not, pursuant to Clauses 11.3 or 11.4 above, reach decisions which relate to such matters that are referred to in Clause 10.17 above.

11.6 The Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Noteholders or any third party an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Noteholders.

11.7 The Trustee undertakes to notify the Issuer, the Noteholders and the Exchange of decisions made by the Trustee pursuant to this clause 11.

11.8 The meeting of the Noteholders can decide to replace the Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in clause 13 below.

11.9 The Trustee will have access to the records of the VPS for the purposes of fulfilling its role (as described herein and in the Conditions).

11.10

The Trustee will also perform all of its obligations pursuant to the Conditions and determine the interest rates on the Notes (if the Calculation Agent, for any reason, defaults in its obligation under the Conditions to do so).

12.

INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE

12.1 The Trustee is liable only for direct losses suffered by the Noteholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in the Conditions and this Agreement. The Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Noteholders on behalf of the Issuer.

12.2 The Issuer is liable for and shall indemnify the Trustee fully in respect of all direct losses suffered and expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Conditions and this Agreement, including losses incurred by the Trustee as a result of the Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance o f the Conditions and this Agreement.

13.

REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE

13.1 The meeting of the Noteholders may in accordance with the procedures for meeting Noteholders, resolve to replace the Trustee. The Trustee shall continue to cany out its

#2061420/6

9

Execution version
duties as Trustee until such time as a new trustee is elected by the meeting of the Noteholders.
13.2 The fees and expenses of the new trustee shall be paid by the Issuer in accordance with a separate agreement to be entered into between the new trustee and the Issuer at the time. Such fees and expenses may be recovered in whole or in part from the Trustee if the replacement of the Trustee is due to a breach of the Trustee's duties under this Agreement or other circumstances for which the Trustee is liable.
13.3 The Trustee undertakes to cooperate with the new trustee and provide to the new trustee, without undue delay after the conclusion of the meeting of the Noteholders (as detailed in Clause 10 above), any documentation and information necessary to perform the role stated in this Agreement and the Conditions.

14.

NOTEHOLDERS

14.1 The Notes have the benefit of this Agreement and the provisions of this Agreement are binding on the Noteholders by their purchase, subscription or transfer of such Notes.

14.2 The Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Noteholders and, as such, the Noteholders may not act directly towards the Issuer or institute legal proceedings against the Issuer.

15.

THE NOTEHOLDERS' COMMUNITY

15.1 Each Noteholder will be deemed to have acceded to this Agreement and hereby accepts that:

(a) the Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound by the terms of this Agreement;

(b) the Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Noteholders;

(c) the Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Agreement, access to the VPS to review ownership of Notes registered in the VPS;

(d) this Agreement establishes a community between the Noteholders meaning that;

(i) the Notes rank pari pass u between each other;
(ii) no Noteholder may, based on this Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not itself institute legal proceedings against the Issuer in accordance with the terms hereof and the Conditions;
(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Agreement, act directly towards the Noteholders;
(iv) no Noteholder may cancel the Noteholders' community; and

# 2061420/6

10

Execution version
(v) the individual Noteholders may not resign from the Noteholders' community.

16

GOVERNING LAW, DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND LEGAL VENUE

16.1 This Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.

16.2 Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved by Norwegian courts with the Oslo District Court (No: Oslo Tingrett) as legal venue.

17.

AMENDMENTS

17.1 Amendments to this Agreement may only be made with the approval of the parties.

18.

CONTACT INFORMATION

18.1 The Issuer and the Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of any changes in its postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

Issuer:

Trustee: Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Name: Title:

This Agreement has been executed in two (2) originals, of which the Issuer and the Trustee shall retain one copy each.

Schedule 1: Conditions of the Notes

#2061420/6

II

SCHEDULE 1 Conditions Of The Notes (ISIN NO 0010440829)

Execution version

The following is the text of the conditions of the Notes (the Conditions) being securities cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary, the Verdipapirsentralen (the VPS). The Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than a statement of account made by the VPS. Ownership of Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register maintained by the VPS.
The NOK 1,700,000,000 Floating Rate Perpetual Subordinated Notes (the Notes, which expression shall in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, include any further notes issued pursuant to Condition 15 (Further Issues) and forming a single series with the Notes) of Storebrand Livsforsikring AS (the Issuer) are issued in accordance with and subject to a VPS Trustee Agreement dated 25 June 2008 (such agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Trustee Agreement) made between the Issuer and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the VPS Trustee, which expression shall include any successor thereto). The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being o f the Notes (the Noteholders), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement and these Conditions.
The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of and definitions in the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement dated 25 June 2008 (such agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Agency Agreement) made between the Issuer and Nordea Bank Norge ASA as VPS Agent (the VPS Agent, which expression shall include any successor thereto). Copies of the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours by the Noteholders at the specified office of the VPS Agent being on 25 June 2008 at Essendropsgate 7, NO-0368 Oslo, Norway and at the registered office for the time being of the VPS Trustee being on 25 June 2008 at Haakon VII Gate 1,0161 Oslo, Norway. The Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement applicable to them. The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with the VPS in respect of Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement.
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Agency Agreement shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event o f inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement will prevail, and in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Agency Agreement and these Conditions, these Conditions will prevail.
1. Form, Denomination and Title
1.1 Form and Denomination
The Notes are in uncertificated book entry form in the denomination of NOK. 500,000 and will be registered with a separate securities identification code in the VPS. The Notes will be offered and sold in minimum principal amounts of NOK 500,000.
1.2 Title
The Noteholder will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of the VPS, The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of the VPS or one issued on behalf of the VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a holder of a Note.
Title to the Note will pass by registration in the VPS between the direct accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of the VPS that are in force from time to time. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder o f the relevant Note.

#2061420/6

12

Execution version
Each person who is for the time being shown in the records of the VPS as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes shall be treated by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent, as the holder o f such nominal amount o f Notes for all purposes. Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being o f the VPS.
2. Status and Subordination
2.1 Status
The Notes constitute undated, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer, conditional as described below, and at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and at least equally with Other Pari Passu Claims outstanding from time to time (whether actual or contingent).
The right to payment in respect o f the Notes is subordinated in the event of the liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the Issuer by way o f public administration to the claims of Senior Creditors and (except in the event o f the liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration) all payments of principal and interest in respect o f the Notes are conditional upon the Issuer being Solvent at the time of payment by the Issuer and (except as aforesaid) no principal or interest shall be payable in respect o f the Notes except to the extent that the Issuer could make such payment in whole or in part, rateably with the payments in respect of Other Pari Passu Claims, and still be Solvent immediately thereafter.
The payment o f interest on the Notes is also subject to the provisions o f Condition 5 (Deferral o f Payments).
The provisions of this Condition 2 apply only to the principal and interest in respect o f the Notes and nothing in this Condition 2 shall affect or prejudice the payment o f the costs, charges, expenses, liabilities or remuneration o f the VPS Trustee or the rights and remedies of the VPS Trustee in respect thereof.
2.2 No Set-off
No Noteholders who shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right o f set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed to the Issuer in respect of such indebtedness.
2.3 Limitation on other Undated Subordinated Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, without the prior approval of a resolution of a simple majority (as further described in the VPS Trustee Agreement) o f the Noteholders create, assume, grant or permit to be outstanding any further Undated Subordinated Indebtedness (whether actual or contingent) unless such Undated Subordinated Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment, subject to applicable law, in the event of liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration so as to rank pari passu with or junior to the claims o f the Noteholders, Any such Undated Subordinated Indebtedness qualifying as Tier 1 Capital may only rank junior to the claims o f the Noteholders.
3. Reduction of Amounts of Principal
The payment obligations o f the Issuer under the Notes wilt be performed infu ll fo r so long as the Issuer is able to meet all o f its liabilities (whether subordinated or not) as they fa ll due. Pursuant to the Norwegian Act on Guarantee Schemes fo r Banks and Public Administration (the Act) o f 6 December 1996, Section 3-1(1), the Board o f Directors and the Managing Director o f afinancial institution (such as the Issuer) are separately obliged to notify Kredittiisynet i f there is reason to think that:
1. there may be a failure in the ability o f the institution to meet its liabilities as theyfa ll due; or
2. the institution will not be able to meet the minimum requirements on capital adequacy or other statutory requirements on solidify or security; or
3. events have occurred that may lead to a serious depletion o f confidence or losses that will significantly reduce or threaten solidity.
Pursuant to Section 3-1(2) o f the Act, i f the external auditor o f the institution becomes aware o f any such conditions, he shall notify Kredittiisynet unless he has already been informed by Kredittiisynet that such notice has been receivedfrom the Board o f Directors and the Managing Director o f the institution.
Section 3-2 o f the Act provides that Kredittiisynet, upon receipt o f the notice referred to in Section 3-1 or Kredittiisynet itself having reason to believe that the conditions stipulated under Section 3-1 have

#2061420/6

13

Execution version
occurred, shall, in consultation with the institution, consider what measures are necessary. I f no required measures are implemented by the institution itself, KredittUsynet may summon a shareholders `meeting without observing set notice periods to require a change in the composition o f the corporate bodies o f the institution as well as stipulate such conditions and guidelines that it deems necessaiy fo r the continued operation o f the institution on a sound economic basis and in an otherwise proper way.
Section 3-4 o f the Act states that a shareholders' meeting shall be called if a significant part o f the institution s equity has been lost or if the audited statement o ffinancial position shows that more than 25 p er cent, o f the share capital o f the institution has been lost. The shareholders ' meeting shall decide whether the institution has sufficient capital to continue its operations in a proper way. A decision to such effect requires a qualified majority and approval by KredittUsynet. I f such decision is not reached, the shareholders' meeting may by a simple majority resolve that the total business o f the institution shall be taken over by another institution. In the absence o f any such decision, the institution shall be liquidated by a board appointed by KredittUsynet.
Section 3-5 o f the Act provides that if the audited statement offinancial position shows that only 25 per cent, or less o f the share capita! o f a financial institution is intact, the board shall present to the general meeting a description o f the institution !tfinancial position, accompanied by a proposal to write down the share capital against losses shown in the audited statement o ffinancial position. I f the general meeting does not pass a resolution pursuant to the write-down proposal within the period stipulated by KredittUsynet, the Ministry o f Finance may decide that the share capital shall be written down by the amount o f capital shown to have been lost by the audited statement offinancial position.
Pursuant to Section 3-6 o f the Act, subordinated capital (which term under the Act includes, but does not distinguish between, dated and undated subordinated indebtedness) may be written down if the audited accounts o f a financial institution show that a substantial part o f the institution's subordinated capital has been lost. Such a write-down may be resolved by a shareholders' meeting acting upon a proposal which the Board o f Directors is obliged to submit under such circumstances. I f the shareholders' meeting does not resolve on a write-down, the Ministiy o f Finance may decide that the subordinated capital shall be written down to the extent required to cover the loss o f such capital.
I f the Board o f Directors were required to submit such a proposal, the Issuer has undertaken below that such a proposal would include a recommendation from the Board o f Directors that principal in respect o f tier one indebtedness should be written down prior to any principal in respect o f undated tier 2 subordinated indebtedness (including the Notes). It should be noted that such a recommendation would not bind the decision to be taken at such a shareholders ` meeting which could resolve to write-down principal in respect o f subordinated indebtedness (whether dated or undated and whether tier one or tier two) in such order as the shareholders determine. I f the shareholders' meeting does not resolve on a write-down, the Ministiy o f Finance may decide that the subordinated capital shall be written down to the extent required to cover the loss o f such capital.
Section 3-6 will apply irrespective o f whether an institution is under public administration or not. However, in view o f the circumstances under which the board o f an institution must propose a write-down to the shareholders' meeting, it seems reasonable to assume that public administration o f the relevant financial institution will be one o f the alternatives that will be considered by the regulatory authorities at such time.
Pursuant to Section 4-5 o f the Act, the Ministry o f Finance may place a financial institution such as the Issuer under public administration i f the Issuer cannot meet its liabilities as they fa ll due and the economic conditions fo r future activity are not present. The same applies if the Issuer will not be able to satisfy: capital adequacy or solvency (if applicable) requirements, unless a temporaiy dispensation is given. I f the Issuer is placed under public administration KredittUsynet shall appoint an administration board, which replaces all the corporate bodies o f the institution.
Pursuant to Section 4-6 o f the Act, while under public administration, no payment may be made to creditors without the consent o f KredittUsynet,
A public administration proceeding may result in one o f the following three outcomes (i) the institution is allowed to resume operation (Section 4-9) after, i f necessary, a financial restructuring, (ii) the institution may be merged with or taken over by another institution, or (iii) i f (i) or (ii) has not materialised or does not seem imminent within one year o f being placed under public administration, the institution shall be dissolved.

#2061420/6

14

Execution version
Note: The above is a summary of the provisions o f the Act as such provisions apply to a Norwegian insurance company facing equity/liquidity problems as described. The summary does not purport to reflect all relevant and detailed rules o f such Act.
Pursuant to the above, and subject to applicable provisions of Norwegian law, the Issuer undertakes that it will recommend that its shareholders cancel all principal in respect o f all Tier 1 Capital and all paid up equity and equity fund/retained earnings of the Issuer before cancelling any principal in respect o f the Notes. Cancellations of principal in respect o f the Notes shall occur pari passu amongst the Notes and on a pro rata basis with all Other Pari Passu Claims.
The Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less than 5 Business Days'prior notice to the VPS Trustee, the VPS Agent and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) o f any cancellation of principal in respect of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 3 (Reduction o fAmounts o f Principal).
To the extent that only part of the principal amount o f the Notes has been cancelled as provided above, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with these Conditions on the remaining outstanding principal amount of the Notes.
4. Interest
4.1 Interest Payment Dates
The Notes bear interest on their outstanding principal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date, payable on 27 March, 27 June, 27 September and 27 December in each year commencing 27 September 2008 (each an Interest Payment Date). If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would then fall into the next calendar month in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
Whenever it is necessary to calculate an amount of interest in respect o f the Notes for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the relevant period divided by 360 and otherwise in accordance with Condition 4.4 (Determination o f Rate o f Interest and Interest Amount) below.
4.2 Interest Accrual
Each Note will cease to bear interest from and including its due date for redemption unless payment of the principal in respect of the Note is improperly withheld or refused or unless default is otherwise made in respect of payment, in which event interest shall continue to accrue in accordance with this Condition 4 (Interest).
4.3 Interest Rate
The rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes (the Rate of Interest) will be determined on the basis o f the following provisions:
(a) on each Interest Determination Date, the Calculation Agent will determine the Screen Rate at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on that Interest Determination Date. If the Screen Rate is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will request the principal Oslo office o f each o f the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with the rate at which deposits in Norwegian kroner are offered by it to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for three months at approximately 12,00 noon (Oslo time) on the Interest Determination Date in question and for a Representative Amount;
(b) the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the Screen Rate plus the Margin or, if the Screen Rate is unavailable, and at least two of the Reference Banks provide such rates, the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) as established by the Calculation Agent o f such rates, plus the Margin; and
(c) if fewer than two rates are provided as requested, the Rate of Interest for that Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on the first day o f such Interest Period for loans in Norwegian kroner to leading European banks for a period of three months commencing on the first day of such Interest Period and for a Representative Amount, plus the Margin. If the Rate o f Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Rate o f Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date.

#2061420/6

IS

Execution version
4.4 Determination of Rate oflnterest and Interest Amount
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on each Interest Determination Date, but in no event later than the third Business Day thereafter, determine the Norwegian kroner amount (the Interest Amount) payable in respect of interest on each Note for the relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amount shall be determined by applying the Rate o f Interest to such principal amount, multiplying the sum by the actual number of days in the Interest Period concerned divided by 360 and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest øre (half an øre being rounded upwards).
4.5 Publication of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount
The Calculation Agent shall cause the Rate oflnterest and the Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relative Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the VPS Agent and the VPS Trustee and to any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are at the relevant time listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and to be published in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination, and in no event later than the second Business Day thereafter. The Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event o f an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The notification of any rate or amount, if applicable, shall be made to the VPS in accordance with and subject to the VPS rules and regulations for the time being in effect.
4.6 Determination by the VPS Trustee
If the Calculation Agent defaults at any time in its obligation to determine the Rate oflnterest and Interest Amount in accordance with the above provisions, the VPS Trustee shall (or shall at the expense o f the Issuer appoint an agent to) determine the Rate o f Interest and Interest Amount in the manner provided in Condition 4.3 (Interest Rate) and Condition 4.4 (Determination o f Rate oflnterest and Interest Amount) and the determinations shall be deemed to be determinations by the Calculation Agent.
4.7 Notifications, etc. to be Final
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes o f the provisions of this Condition 4 {Interest), whether by the Reference Banks (or any of them), the Calculation Agent or the VPS Trustee (or its agent), will (in the absence o f wilful default, bad faith and manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the VPS Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the VPS Agent and all Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful default and bad faith) no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders shall attach to the Reference Banks (or any o f them), the Calculation Agent or, if applicable, the VPS Trustee (or its agent) in connection with the exercise or non exercise by any o f them of their powers, duties and discretions under this Condition,
4.8 Calculation Agent
The Issuer shall procure that, so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, there is at all times a Calculation Agent for the purposes of the Notes and the Issuer may, subject to the prior written approval of the VPS Trustee, terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent. In the event of the appointed office of any bank being unable or unwilling to continue to act as the Calculation Agent or failing duly to determine the Rate oflnterest and the Interest Amount for any Interest Period, the Issuer shall, subject to the prior written approval of the VPS Trustee, appoint another major bank engaged in the Oslo interbank market to act in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties or be removed without a successor having been appointed.
5. Deferral of Payments
5.1 Interest Deferral
Subject to the paragraph below, on any Optional Interest Payment Date, the Issuer may in the manner described below elect not to pay the interest in respect of the Notes accrued in the Interest Period ending on the day immediately preceding such date. If the Issuer so elects, it shall not have any obligation to make such payment and any failure to pay shall not constitute a default by the Issuer for any pur-pose, provided that nothing in this Condition 5.1 (Interest Deferral) shall be construed to permit the Issuer to defer any interest otherwise due and payable on any Interest Payment Date except under the circumstances specified in the definition of Optional Interest Payment Date. Any interest in respect of the Notes not paid on an Interest Payment Date pursuant to this Condition 5 {Deferral o f Payments), together

#2061420/6

16

Execution version
with any other interest in respect thereof not paid on any other Interest Payment Date pursuant to this Condition 5 (Deferral o f Payments) and any interest not paid pursuant to Condition 2.1 (Status) because the Issuer was not or would not be Solvent, shall, so long as the same remains unpaid, constitute A rrears of Interest.
On any Optional Interest Payment Date with respect to which a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing and provided there is no Breach in effect and such payment would not cause a Breach (as defined in the definition o f Optional Interest Payment Date), the Issuer shall be obliged to pay the interest accrued in the Interest Period which ends on that Interest Payment Date.
5.2 A rrears of Interest
(a) Interest will not accrue on Arrears of Interest.
(b) Arrears of Interest may, at the option of the Issuer, be paid in whole or in part at any time, but all Arrears o f Interest in respect o f the Notes for the time being outstanding shall become due in full on the earlier of:
(i) seven Business Days following the date on which the Issuer next satisfies the Capital Adequacy Requirements (as defined in the definition o f Optional Interest Payment Date) provided that (A) the Issuer shall be deemed not to have satisfied the Capital Adequacy Requirements if the payment of such Arrears o f Interest would result in a Breach (as defined in the definition of Optional Interest Payment Date) and (B) no Arrears of Interest shall be payable pursuant to this paragraph (i) if the test set out in paragraph (a) of the definition o f Optional Interest Payment Date is satisfied on such date; or
(ii) the date on which the Notes are to be redeemed pursuant to any provision o f Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase)-, or
(iii) the date on which an order for the liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up o f the Issuer by way o f public administration is made; or
(iv) the next Interest Payment Date on which a payment of interest is made on the Notes; or
(v) subject as provided below, the date on which the Issuer or any other person declares or pays any distribution or dividend or makes any other payment on or in respect o f any Junior Securities or Parity Securities, or the date on which any dividend or other distribution on or payment on or in respect o f any class o f Storebrand ASA's share capita! is irrevocably declared.
Arrears o f Interest shall not be due solely by virtue of (i) any payment on or in respect o f the Issuer's outstanding Floating Rate Dated Subordinated Notes due June 2014 issued on 9 June 2004; or (ii) any payment on any Parity Securities the terms of which do not allow the issuer o f the relevant securities to defer, pass on or eliminate the relevant payment,
I f notice is given by the Issuer o f its intention to pay the whole or any part of Arrears of Interest the Issuer shall be obliged to make such payment upon the expiration of such notice.
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, unpaid interest in respect o f the Notes, including any Arrears of Interest, shall rank pari passu with the principal o f the Notes and the Noteholders shall be entitled to claim for such principal, unpaid interest and Arrears o f Interest on the Notes.
5.3 Notification of N on-Paym ent of Interest
The Issuer shall give to the VPS Agent and the VPS Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) not less than 5 days' nor more than 14 days' prior notice:
(a) o f (subject as provided below) any Optional Interest Payment Date on which, pursuant to the provisions o f Condition 5.1 (Interest Deferral) above, the Issuer will not pay any amounts of interest in respect of the Notes; and
(b) of any date upon which, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.2(b) (Arrears o f Interest) above, amounts in respect o f Arrears of Interest shall become due and payable.
Once notice o f any mandatory or optional payment of amounts in respect of Arrears o f Interest has been given by the Issuer, the Issuer shall be bound to make such payment to which such notice refers.

#2061420/6

17

Execution version
5.4 Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest If amounts in respect of Arrears o f Interest become partially payable: (a) Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable until full payment has been made o f all
Arrears of Interest that have accrued during any earlier period; and (b) the amount of Arrears o f Interest payable in respect o f any Note shall be pro rata to the total amount
of all unpaid Arrears of Interest accrued to the date o f payment. 6. Payments 6.1 Payments in respect of Notes Payments o f principal and interest in respect of each Note will be made to the holders of the Notes shown in the records of the VPS and will be effected through and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing the VPS. 6.2 Method of Payment Payments will be made by credit or transfer to a Norwegian kroner account maintained by such Noteholder with a bank in Norway. 6.3 Payments subject to Applicable Laws Payments in respect o f principal and interest on the Notes are subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable in the place o f payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 {Taxation), 6.4 Payment only on a Business Day Any payment of principal or interest required to be made on the Notes on a day that is not a Business Day need not be made on such day, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the date for payment of such principal or interest, and no interest shall accrue in respect of such amount for the period after such day. 6.5 Initial VPS Agent The Issuer reserves the right, subject to the prior written approval o f the VPS Trustee, at any time to vary or terminate the appointment o f the VPS Agent and to appoint an alternative VPS Agent provided that there will at all times be a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account operating institution with the VPS. Notice o f any termination or appointment and of any changes in specified offices (or of any such change in relation to the Calculation Agent) will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 {Notices). The VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations or relationship of agency or trust with any Noteholder. 7. Redemption and Purchase 7.1 No Fixed Redemption Date The Notes are perpetual notes in respect o f which there is no fixed redemption date and will only be redeemable or payable in accordance with the following provisions of this Condition. 7.2 Redemption for Taxation Reasons If the Issuer satisfies the VPS Trustee immediately before the giving o f the notice referred to below that, as a result of: (a) any amendment to, clarification of or change (including any announced prospective change) in the
laws or treaties (or regulations thereunder) of the Relevant Jurisdiction affecting taxation; (b) any governmental action; or (c) any amendment to, clarification of, or change in the official position or the interpretation of any such
governmental action or pronouncement,
#2061420/6

Execution version
in each case, by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory body, irrespective o f the manner in which such amendment, clarification or change is made known, which amendment, clarification or change is effective or such pronouncement or decision is announced on or after 25 June 2008, there is more than an insubstantial risk that:
(i) the Issuer is, or will be, subject to more than a de minimis amount of other taxes, duties or other governmental charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Notes;
(ii) the treatment o f any o f the Issuer's items of income or expense with respect to the Notes as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Issuer to more than a de minimis amount of additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges; or
(iii) the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts, as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation),
the Issuer may at its option (subject to the Issuer having received the prior approval of Kredittilsynet), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at any time prior to the Reset Date at their principal amount together with any accrued interest and Arrears of Interest.
Prior to the publication of any notice o f redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the VPS Trustee a certificate signed by two (2) members o f the Board of Directors stating that any or all o f the requirements referred to at (i), (ii) or (iii) above will apply on the next Interest Payment Date and cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, and the VPS Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.
7.3 Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
The Issuer may (subject to receiving the prior approval o f Kredittilsynet), having given:
(a) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices); and
(b) notice to the VPS Agent and VPS Trustee not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a),
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not some only) o f the Notes on the Reset Date or any Interest Payment Date thereafter at their principal amount together with any accrued interest and Arrears of Interest.
7.4 Capital Disqualification Event Redemption and Conversion
If a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred, the Issuer may, at any time prior to the Reset Date (subject to receiving the prior consent o f Kredittilsynet), having given:
(a) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices)', and
(b) notice to the VPS Agent and VPS Trustee not less than 15 days before the giving o f the notice referred to in (a),
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), either:
(i) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at their principal amount, together with any accrued interest and Arrears o f Interest; or
(ii) convert or exchange all (but not some only) o f the Notes to or for another series of listed debt securities of the Issuer provided that, subject to any changes necessary to remove the Capital Disqualification Event or to prevent a Capital Disqualification Event front occurring, the Issuer has satisfied the VPS Trustee that:
(A) the replacement debt securities will have the same material terms as the Notes; and

#2061420/6

19

Execution version
(B) the terms of the replacement debt securities are no less favourable to Noteholders than the current terms of the Notes.
Prior to converting or exchanging the Notes as described above, the Issuer shall deliver to the VPS Trustee a certificate signed by two (2) members of the Board of Directors stating that the requirements referred to at (ii)(A) and (B) above have been met, and the VPS Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence o f the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.
7.5 Purchases
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may (subject to receiving the prior consent of Kredittilsynet), at any time purchase Notes in any manner and at any price, Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer or any o f its affiliates will be held by the Issuer, or may be cancelled by causing such Notes to be deleted from the records of the VPS.
7.6 Cancellations
AH Notes which are (a) redeemed, or converted or exchanged pursuant to Condition 7.4 (Capital Disqualification Event Redemption and Conversion) or (b) purchased by or on behalf o f the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to Condition 7.5 (Purchases) above and surrendered for cancellation will forthwith be deleted from the records of the VPS and accordingly may not be reissued or sold and the obligations o f the Issuer in respect o f such Notes shall be discharged.
7.7 Notices Final
Upon the expiry o f any notice as is referred to in Condition 7.2 {Redemption fo r Taxation Reasons), 7.3 {Redemption at the Option o f the Issuer) or 7.4 {Capital Disqualification Event Redemption and Conversion) above, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem, convert or exchange (where applicable) the Notes to which the notice refers in accordance with the terms o f such paragraph.
8. Taxation
8.1 Payment without Withholding
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf o f the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future Taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction,
unless the withholding or deduction o f the Taxes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders after the withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable in respect o f the Notes in the absence of the withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect o f any Note: (a) made to a Noteholder who is liable to the Taxes in respect o f the Note by reason o f his having some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding o f the Note; or
(b) where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to an individual and is required to be made pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive.
8.2 Additional Amounts
Any reference in these Conditions to any amounts in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition.
9. Prescription
All claims under the Notes, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the provisions o f the timebar provisions o f the Norwegian Limitation Act of 18 May 1979 No. 18.
10. Enforcement
There are no events o f default.
10.1 Enforcement by the VPS Trustee

#2061420/6

20

Execution version
The VPS Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions o f the VPS Trustee Agreement and the Notes.
10.2 Enforcement by the Noteholders
No Noteholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer.
Neither the VPS Trustee nor any Noteholder is, as a matter o fNorwegian law, entitled to petition fo r the winding- up o f the Issuer.
11. Transfer and Exchange of Notes
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect o f Notes will take place three Business Days after the date of the relevant transaction. Notes may be transferred between accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, o f the VPS.
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, transfer or administration in relation to the register maintained by the VPS, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sunt sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.
12. Notices
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to the VPS for communication by it to the Noteholders and shall be deemed to have been given on the date two days after delivery to the VPS. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, notices to Noteholders will also be published on the date o f such mailing either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt) or in such other manner as permitted by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange,
13. Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Authorisation
13.1 Meetings of Noteholders
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the holders o f the Notes to consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more fully set out in the VPS Trustee Agreement) a modification o f the Notes or any o f the provisions o f the VPS Trustee Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two thirds of votes). Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee or by holders of Notes holding not less than 10 per cent, of the Voting Notes. For the purpose of this Condition, Voting Notes means the aggregate nominal amount o f the total number o f Notes not redeemed or otherwise deregistered in the VPS, less the Notes owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least one half of the Voting Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing holders of Voting Notes whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the VPS Trustee Agreement (including modifying any date for payment of interest on the Notes, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, altering the currency of payment of the Notes or to modify the provisions o f the Notes relating to status and subordination, reduction of principal, deferral of interest or events of default in any manner adverse to holders o f the Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in aggregate nominal amount o f the Voting Notes. A resolution passed at any meeting o f the holders o f the Notes shall be binding on all the holders of the Notes, whether or not they are present at such meeting.
13.2 Modification, Waiver and Authorisation
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that:

#2061420/6

21

Execution version
(i) the VPS Trustee may in certain circumstances, without the consent of the holders of the Notes, make decisions binding on all holders o f Notes relating to these Conditions, the VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Agency Agreement or that is not, in the Trustee's opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the Notes; and
(ii) that the VPS Trustee may reach decisions binding for all holders of the Notes.
13.3 Notification to the Noteholders
Any modification, abrogation, waiver or authorisation shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices),
14. Indemnification of the VPS Trustee
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification o f the VPS Trustee and for its relief from responsibility. Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound by these Conditions and the terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement.
15. Further Issues
Subject to Condition 2.3 (Limitation on other Undated Subordinated Indebtedness) the Issuer is at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create and issue further notes or bonds (whether in bearer or registered form) either (a) ranking pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the first payment o f interest thereon) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Notes or (b) upon such terms as to ranking, interest, conversion, redemption and otherwise as the Issuer may determine at the time of the issue.
16. Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction
16.1 Governing Law
The Notes are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law, except for Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title), 2 (Status and Subordination), 3 (Reduction o f Amounts o f Principal), 5.1 (Interest Deferral), 7.4 (Capital Disqualification Event Redemption and Conversion) and 9 (Prescription), which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. The VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws o f Norway. The Notes must comply with the Norwegian Securities Register Act of 5 July 2002 No. 64, as amended from time to time, and the Noteholders will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations and legislation.
16.2 Jurisdiction of English Courts
The Issuer irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the VPS Trustee and the Noteholders that the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction o f the English courts.
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. The VPS Trustee and the Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the VPS Trustee Agreement or the Notes respectively (together referred to as Proceedings) against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
16.3 Appointment of Process Agent
The Issuer has irrevocably and unconditionally appointed Clifford Chance Secretaries Limited at its registered office for the time being (at 25 June 2008 being 10 Upper Bank Street, London, E14 5JJ, United Kingdom) as its agent for service o f process in England in respect o f any Proceedings and has undertaken that in the event of such agent ceasing so to act it will appoint such other person as the VPS Trustee may approve as its agent for that purpose.
17. Rights of Third Parties

#2061420/6

22

Execution version
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy o f any person which exists or is available apart from that Act.
18. Definitions
In these Conditions, except where otherwise defined:
Accrual Date means, in respect of any period, the date from which interest begins to accrue for such period.
Arrears of Interest has the meaning given in Condition 5.1 (Interest Deferral),
Assets means, at any time, the non-consolidated total assets of the Issuer, as shown by the then latest published audited balance sheet o f the Issuer, but adjusted for contingencies and for subsequent events, all valued in such manner as the Board of Directors or the board of administration of the Issuer (as the case may be) may determine.
Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Issuer.
Business Day means a day which is both a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo.
Calculation Agency Agreement means the calculation agency agreement dated 25 June 2008 entered into by the Issuer and the Calculation Agent.
Calculation Agent means Nordea Bank Norge ASA and shall include any successor agent appointed in respect o f the Notes.
A Capital Disqualification Event occurs if, as a result of any change in the Norwegian Secondary Regulation of 22 December 2006 No 1616 or the minimum capital adequacy requirements o f the Norwegian Ministry of Finance or in the application or official interpretation thereof at any relevant time, the Notes would not be o f a kind capable of counting as cover for Regulatory Capital Requirements applicable to the Issuer or the Storebrand Life Group.
Interest includes, where appropriate, Arrears of Interest.
Interest Amount has the meaning given in Condition 4,4 (Determination o f Rate o f Interest and Interest Amount).
Interest Commencement Date means 27 June 2008.
Interest Determination Date means the second Business Day before the commencement of the Interest Period for which the rate will apply.
Interest Payment Date has the meaning given in Condition 4.1 (Interest Payment Dates).
Interest Payments means payments o f interest in respect of the Notes.
Interest Period means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.
Junior Securities means any class of the Issuer's share capital together with any other securities of any member of the Storebrand Life Group ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Notes either issued directly by the Issuer or, where issued by a Subsidiary, where the terms of the securities benefit from a guarantee or support agreement entered into by the Issuer which ranks or is expressed to rank junior to the Notes,
Kredittilsynet means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (or any successor thereto).
Liabilities means, for the purposes only of the definition of Solvent, at any time, the non-consolidated liabilities of the Issuer, as shown by the then latest published audited balance sheet of the Issuer, but adjusted for contingencies and for subsequent events, all valued in such manner as the Board of Directors or the board of administration of the Issuer (as the case may be) may determine.

#2061420/6

23

Execution version
Margin means 3.5 per cent, per annum in the case of Interest Periods ending before the Reset Date or 4.25 per cent, per annum in the case of Interest Periods ending after the Reset Date.
Optional Interest Payment Date means any Interest Payment Date:
(a) where no declaration or payment of any distribution or dividend or other payment on or in respect of any Junior Securities or Parity Securities has been made by the Issuer or any other person (other than (i) any payment on or in respect of the Issuer's outstanding Floating Rate Dated Subordinated Notes due June 2014 issued on 9 June 2004; or (ii) any payment on any Parity Securities the terms of which do not allow the issuer of the relevant securities to defer, pass on or eliminate the relevant payment) at or since the annual general meeting of shareholders o f the Issuer immediately prior to that Interest Payment Date, and no dividend or other distribution on or payment on or in respect of any class of Storebrand ASA's share capital was irrevocably declared at or since the annual general meeting o f its shareholders immediately prior to that Interest Payment Date; or
(b) following the date as of which the Issuer's most recent quarterly report to Kredittilsynet disclosed that it was in breach (a Breach) of the capital adequacy or solvency requirements of Kredittilsynet (or of such other governmental authority as shall at the time be the promulgator of such requirements) applicable to the Issuer from time to time (the Capital Adequacy Requirements), provided that such Interest Payment Date shall not be an Optional Interest Payment Date if, since the date of publication of such report, the Issuer has at any time been in compliance with the Capital Adequacy Requirements and will after such payment still be in such compliance and, provided further, that in the event that such report does not disclose a Breach, the relevant Interest Payment Date shall still be deemed to be an Optional Interest Payment Date if immediately after such payment there would be a Breach.
Other Pari Passu Claims means claims of creditors of the Issuer that are subordinated so as to rank pari passu with the claims of the Noteholders.
Parity Securities means any securities of the Issuer together with any other securities o f any member of the Storebrand Life Group ranking or expressed to rank pari passu with the Notes, either issued directly by the Issuer or, where issued by a Subsidiary, where the terms of the securities benefit from a guarantee or support agreement entered into by the Issuer which ranks or is expressed to rank pari passu with the Notes.
Rate of Interest has the meaning given in Condition 4.3 (Interest Rate).
Reference Banks means the principal office o f each of four major banks engaged in the Oslo interbank market selected by the Calculation Agent, provided that, once a Reference Bank has been selected by the Calculation Agent, that Reference Bank shall not be changed unless and until it ceases to be capable of acting as such.
Relevant Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it o f principal or interest on the Notes.
Representative Amount means, in relation to any quotation o f a rate for which a Representative Amount is relevant, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.
Reset Date means the Interest Payment Date falling in June 2014.
Screen Rate means the rate for three month deposits in Norwegian kroner which appears on the Reuters page NIBR (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information).
Senior Creditors means all creditors of the Issuer (i) who are policyholders or other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer or (ii) whose claims are, or are expressed to be, subordinated (whether only in the event o f the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer or otherwise) to the claims of policyholders and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer but have a fixed maturity, other than those whose claims rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the claims o f the Noteholders.
The Issuer shall be Solvent if:
(a) it is able to pay its debts as they fall due; and

#2061420/6

24

Execution version
(b) its Assets exceed its Liabilities (other than its Liabilities to persons who are not Senior Creditors).
A report as to the Solvency or lack of Solvency of the Issuer by two (2) members of the Board o f Directors or, (in the event of the delivery of a report by two members o f the Board of Directors that the Issuer is not Solvent), accountants of international repute appointed by the Board of Directors or (if the Issuer is in liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up in the Kingdom of Norway) its board of administration shall in the absence o f manifest error be treated and accepted by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee and the Noteholders as correct and sufficient evidence thereof.
Storebrand Life Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.
Subsidiary means a subsidiary undertaking of the Issuer within the meaning of the Private Companies Act o f Norway, section 1-3.
Taxes means taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature.
Tier 1 Capital means capital which is treated as issued Tier 1 Capital by Kredittilsynet.
Undated Subordinated Indebtedness means any indebtedness of the Issuer:
(i) that by its terms or otherwise is in any respect junior or subordinate in right of payment (whether upon liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the Issuer or otherwise) to any other indebtedness o f the Issuer; and
(ii) the principal o f which has no fixed maturity.
Undated Tier 2 Capital has the meaning given to that term from time to time by Kredittilsynet or any successor regulatory body.

#2061420/6

25

