NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www. trustee, no
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 037241.0 -3.25% Songa Offshore ASA Senior Unsecured Convertible Bond Issue 2007/2010
Oslo, 12 June 2009
SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
1. INTRODUCTION
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") is appointed trustee for the above captioned USD$ 125 million convertible bond issue (the "Loan") issued by Songa Offshore SE (formerly Songa Offshore ASA) (the "Borrower").
All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement for the Loan (the "Loan Agreement") or this summons the Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated herein.
The information in this summons regarding the Borrower and market conditions are provided by the Borrower, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.
2. BACKGROUND
In addition to this summons letter, the Borrower has provided a separate document which is intended to give an update of the Borrower's financial and operational status (the "Company Update"), enclosed as Exhibit 1 to this summons. Bondholders are encouraged to read both documents.
3. THE PROPOSAL
The Borrower has approached the Loan Trustee to convene a Bondholders meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes of the Loan Agreement as set out in this section (the "Proposal").
The Proposal comprises a conversion of the Loan into a USD$ 62.5 million 3 years High Yield Bond with a coupon of LIBOR +1,200 bps and 13,460,000 shares in the Borrower. Bondholders representing approximately 80% of the Outstanding Loan have granted their pre approval to the Proposal.

M A ILIN G AD D RESS · P .O .B O X 1 4 7 0 V IK A , N -O I16 O SLO

LO CATIO N · H AAKON V II GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone © +47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail · mail@trustee.no

l l b f N O R SK TILLITSM ANN ASA
3.1 Partial Forced Conversion to Shares^tee-no

The Proposal will lead to a forced partial conversion of 50 % of the Loan (the "Forced Conversion") at a conversion price of USD 3.175, corresponding to NOK 23.70, pursuant to which the Bondholders will receive 10,768 ordinary Shares of the Borrower for each Bond held (the "Forced Conversion Price"). Following the Forced Conversion and the split of the Bonds described below, each Bond currently outstanding will represent 50,000 Bonds, each with nominal value of USD 1.00. For the avoidance of doubt, currently each Bond has a nominal value of USD 100,000. Following the Forced Conversion and the split of the Bonds, the Bondholders will hold 10,768 ordinary Shares of the Borrower and 50,000 Bonds for each Bond with the original face value of USD 100,000.

The accrued and unpaid interest on the Bonds will be paid in cash, by way of an extraordinary interest payment date due on the date of the conversion into shares.

Based on the pre-acceptance from Bondholders, the Borrower conducted a private placement after close of Oslo Børs on 11 June 2009 of 18,080,000 shares at a price of NOK 23.70 (the "Private Placement"). The shares issued in the Private Placement constitute 13.21% of the share capital of the Borrower on a diluted basis.

The Borrower currently has an issued share capital of EUR 11,583,830, divided into 105,307,544 shares with a nominal value of EUR 0.11 each. The Board of Directors of the Borrower is authorised to issue up to 31,540,056 new shares, which will be sufficient to issue the shares in connection with the Private Placement and the Forced Conversion.

The table below shows the shareholdings in the Borrower immediately following the completion of the Private Placement and the Forced Conversion:

Currently outstanding Private Placement Forced Conversion In total

Existing shareholders

No. of shares

Percentage

105,307,544

76.95%

18,080,000

13.21%

-

0.00%

123,387,544

90.16%

3.2 Other Amendments to the Loan Agreement

Bondholders

No. of shares

Percentage

-

-

-
13,460,000 13,460,000

-
9.84% 9.84%

The amendments proposed to be made to the Loan Agreement are set out in a term sheet attached as Exhibit 2,

The new terms of the Loan, including the new interest rate, shall be effective from the date the amendments to the loan documentation becomes effective.

3.3 Split o f the Bonds

To facilitate the aforesaid, the nominal value of the Bonds shall be changed to USD 1.00 through a split of each Bond with a nominal value of USD 100,000 into 100,000 Bonds with a nominal value of USD 1.00.

-2-

3.4 Settlement

'U lf NO RSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
www.tmsire.no

The change of terms of the Bonds will take place as soon as possible following the Bondholders' Meeting. Such change is expected to take place on or about 29 June 2009 (the "Settlement Date"). The change takes form as a new entry into the VPS account (or nominee account) of a new face value of the Bonds and a 50 % reduction of gross nominal value. The settlement of accrued interest until Settlement Date will take place simultaneously according to market practice and the payment accounts connected to the VPS account (or nominee account).
Settlement of the shares will take place on or about the Settlement Date. The settlement will occur through a transfer of new shares in the Borrower to the Bondholders' VPS account (or nominee account). The admission to trading on Oslo Børs of the shares issued in the Private Placement and the Forced Conversion will require the publication of a listing prospectus (the "Prospectus"). Until such Prospectus has been published, the new shares issued upon the Forced Conversion will be registered on a separate ISIN and not be tradable on Oslo Børs. Immediately upon publication of the Prospectus, such new shares will be registered under the same ISIN as the existing shares of the Borrower and admitted to trading on Oslo Børs.

For more detailed information about the Proposal, please contact ABG Sundal Collier Norge ASA, Mark Gretton at telephone +47 22 01 60 31 or e-mail mark.gretton@abgsc.no.
According to the Borrower, it has received pre-acceptance of the Proposal from Bondholders representing more than 75 % of the Loan.

3.5 Conditions The Proposal is subject to the Private Placement is fully paid by 19 June 2009.

4. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL
4.1 The Borrower's evaluation o f the Proposal
The Borrower believes that the Proposal will enhance the position of the Bondholders as well as for existing shareholders, and that it will have a material positive effect on the shares into which the Bond will be converted. As the Borrower deleverages over the next 12 to 24 months, the non-callable High Yield Bond with a coupon of Libor +1,200 bps may also increase in value. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.
4.2 The Loan Trustee's evaluation to the Proposal
The Proposal is a proposal presented to the Loan Trustee by the Borrower. Further, the Loan Trustee observes that more than 75% of the Bondholders have pre-accepted the Proposal.
The Proposal is' put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal are acceptable. It is recommended that the Bondholders consult with their own financial, legal and tax advisors to evaluate the consequences of the Proposal.

NORSIC T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
w w w .trustcc.no
5. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

24 June at 13.00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5th Boor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Loan Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondholders ' meeting approve the Proposal as described in clause 3 in the summons to this Bondholders 'meeting.

The Loan Trustee is given the power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders' meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including to make other necessary amendments to the Loan Agreements and to collect necessary legal opinions on the transaction and the payment structure and the tax consequences thereof.

The Loan Trustee is also given the authority to subscribe for shares on behalf o f each Bondholder in connection with the conversion according to the Proposal.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered).

The individual bondholder may authorise Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).

-4-

_ '© N O R S K T IL L IT S M A N N ASA
In the event that Bonds have been-transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Enclosed: Company-Update Terms and Conditions for the amended Loan Agreement Bondholder's Form
-5 -

Exhibit 1
Songa Offshore
To: the bondholders in 3.25% Songa Offshore ASA Senior Unsecured Convertible Bond Issue 2007/2010
Corporate Update and other background information in connection with a Bondholders meeting to be held on or about 24 June 2009
The Borrower is continuing to evaluate various alternatives in respect of its current debt position. The Borrower also continuously evaluates its cash flow and the ability to meet its obligations as they become due. There was a risk that the Borrower would not have been able to generate sufficient net cash flows to redeem the Loan upon maturity in June 2010. In normalised markets one would assume that the Borrower would be able to refinance facilities like the Loan, however, the negative trend in the financial markets witnessed during the past 12 months could have made a full refinancing of the Loan challenging.
In order to ensure that the Borrower has a robust business model, the Board of Directors has evaluated various alternatives that may be available to the Borrower, including, but not limited to raising additional funds through an equity issue, the sale of assets (as permitted under its financial covenants), cost savings and obtaining a new loan. The Board of Directors determined it to be in the best interests of the Borrower to attempt to reduce the Borrower's financial leverage going forward. As a result, the Borrower initiated discussions with certain of the principal Bondholders to attempt to align the interests of all stakeholders and ensure that the Borrower would be in the best position to meet its obligations as they become due, both in the near and long term. Following such discussions, the Borrower proposes to exchange the Loan into a USD$ 62.5 million 3 years High Yield Bond with a coupon of Libor +1,200 bps and 13,460,000 shares in the Borrower. Bondholders representing approximately 80% of the Bonds outstanding in the Loan have granted their pre-approval to the proposed transaction.
The bondholders pre-acceptance enabled the Borrower to successfully conduct a private placement (the "Private Placement") of 18,080,000 new shares in the Borrower, representing 13.21% of all the shares on a diluted basis. Bondholders will receive 9.84 % of the shares on a diluted basis.
For further information about the Borrower, please refer to the report for the first quarter of 2009 published on 12 May 2009, the presentation of the first quarter report held on 13 May 2009, and the Fleet Report published on 5 June 2009, all available at the Borrower's website www.songaoffshore.no and at www.newsweb.no.
-6-

Exhibit 2 Date 12 June 2009

NO 001037241,0

Songa Offshore
Libor+12% Songa Offshore SE Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2009-2012
Settlement date: Expected to 29 June 2009
PROPOSED AMENDED AND RESTATED TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF "3.25 per cent Songa Offshore ASA Senior Unsecured Convertible Bond Issue 2007/2010"

Issuer:

Songa Offshore SE (Cyprus)

Currency:

USD

Amount:

USD 62.50 million (the "Loan")

Type:

Floating Rate Bond Issue

Coupon rate:

3 months Libor + 12.00% p.a.

Coupon Date:

29 January, 29 June, 29 September and 29 December in each year

Settlement Date:

Expected to be 29 June 2009

Final Maturity:

29 June 2012 (3 year after Settlement Date) at price 100.00

Nominal Value:

The bonds will have a nominal value o f USD 1 each

Status of the Bond:

Senior Unsecured

Denomination:

The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1 each and rank pari passu.

Purpose of the Bond:

Part of exchange offer for the outstanding 3.25% Songa Offshore ASA Convertible Bond

Call Option:

The Issuer may redeem the Bonds hi whole or in part, at any time prior to Final Maturity at the discounted present value of the Bonds of US Treasury plus 100 basis points (for the avoidance of any doubt; the discount rate used to find the net present value shall be the most recently issued actively traded U.S. Treasuiy securities having a maturity similar to the remaining average life of the Bond as of the date of redemption plus 100 basis points), but in no event less than 100% of their principal amount together with accrued interest.

Mandatory Redemption: 1. Sale and Total Loss

Upon a sale, total loss or other disposition of Material Assets, the Issuer shall redeem the Loan pursuant to the Call Option. The redemption amount shall be equal to the then aggregate principal amount of Loans, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the appraised value of such Material Asset and the denominator of which is the aggregate of the appraised values of all Material Assets of the Issuer.

2. Change of Control

THIS DOCUMENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN, OR TO A RESIDENT OF, THE UNITED STATES, CANADA OR JAPAN, OR TO A U.S. PERSON

Page 1 of 5

Exhibit 2

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control each Bondholder shall have the right of early redemption of some or all of its Bonds at a price equal to 110 % of par value plus accrued interest up to payment is effected ("Put Option"). The Put Option must be exercised in writing to the Trustee during a period of 60 days following the notice of a Change of Control Event. Repayment shall be effected within 10 business days of such notice.

Financial Covenants: Dividend Clause: Other Covenants:

"Change of Control" means that a shareholder or a group of affiliated shareholders, or companies, (direct or indirect), ref the Norwegian Securities Trading Act § 2-5, obtain (through purchase, merger or otherwise) ownership or control of more than 50 --fifty --per cent of the share capital of the Issuer.
1. Minimum Market Adjusted Equity Ratio:
The Issuer shall maintain a Market Adjusted Equity Ratio of at least 25 per cent. "Market Adjusted Equity Ratio" shall be the ratio of Market Adjusted Equity to Market Adjusted Total Assets. "Market Adjusted Equity" and "Market Adjusted Total Assets" means their respective book values adjusted for any difference between the book value of the Issuers rigs (including drillship) in the last accounts and their Market Value on such date. "Market Value" shall be determined by independent valuations of each of the rigs, on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, including any existing charters or contracts for employment, obtained from two independent and wellreputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the rigs, appointed by the Borrower and approved by the Loan Trustee.
The Market Adjusted Equity Ratio shall he measured and reported to the Loan Trustee on an quarterly basis hi comiection with the Company's reporting.
2. Leverage Ratio:
The Issuer will procure that the Group's Leverage Ratio (Net Debt divided by EBITDA) on a trailing four-quarter basis will not exceed 6.0 : 1 for the period until the Final Maturity.
The Issuer shall not pay dividends, distribute assets, repurchase shares, enter into any TRS agreements or make any loans to its shareholders or enter into any transaction having the same effect.
However, the Issuer may (i) pay dividends (or make any other distributions to its shareholders), (ii) buy-back its own common stock and/or (iii) enter into total return swaps, only to the extent (x) no default or event of default is then in existence, (y) after giving effect to such payment, the Issuer can demonstrate a Market Adjusted Equity Ratio of minimum 40 per cent, and a Leverage Ratio of lower the 3.0 : 1 on a trailing four quarter basis immediately after having made such distributions, and (z) that the Issuer shall demonstrate by presenting a forecast (to the Loan Trustee) that it, for a period of minimum 12 months from the date of distribution of such dividend on a daily basis, has cash buffer (free and available cash and cash equivalents, including undrawn committed credit lines) of no less than $50 million immediately after giving effect to such payment. Such forecast shall include, but not be limited to, all committed payments in relation to capital expenditures and scheduled repayment of debt (assuming no refinancing of maturing debt unless a signed commitment letter has been entered into on a fiilly underwritten basis of committed financing by one or more financial institutions).
Those covenants as are usual, customary and appropriate for high yield bond placements in the Norwegian market including, but not limited to:
1. Notification of certain events.

THIS DOCUMENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN, OR TO A RESIDENT OF, THE UNITED STATES, CANADA OR JAPAN, OR TO A U.S. PERSON

Page 2 of 5

Exhibit 2

The Issuer shall immediately notify the Loan Trustee of a sale of a Material Asset and provide the Loan Trustee with a sufficiently detailed calculation of the redemption amount, which shall be approved by the Loan Trustee. "Material Assets" means (i) each of the semi-submersible rigs "Songa Venus", "Songa Trym", "Songa Dee", "Songa Mercur", "Songa Delta", (ii) die drill ship "Songa Saturn", and (iii) each of the wholly owned subsidiaries of the Issuer who owns, directly or indirectly, such rigs and drillship.
2. Limitations on Indebtedness.
The Issuer shall procure that the Group does not incur any indebtedness (including contingent liabilities) other than (a) indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Issuer's Bank Credit Facilities; (b) indebtedness under any interest rate or foreign exchange agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business and which are nonspeculative in nature; (c) existing indebtedness (other than such indebtedness that is being repaid and/or terminated pursuant to the purpose of this bond issue) outstanding on the Settlement Date which is disclosed to the Loan Trustee; (d) intercompany loans and advances; (e) indebtedness that has a maturity date falling after the Maturity Date and is fully subordinated to the Loan; (t) any trade credit extended by any member of the Group to its customers on normal commercial terms and in the ordinary course of its trading activities; (g) any loan constituting deferred consideration on any disposal of assets permitted by this Agreement until the date which is six months after the date of the relevant disposal; (h) indebtedness under any guarantee issued on arm's length terms and in the ordinary course of business and not in respect of any monies borrowed by any member of the Group; (i) any indebtedness insofar as the Leverage Ratio calculated immediately after the Issuer have incurred such new indebtedness is below 3.75 : 1; (j) indebtedness arising under any customary cash pooling or cash management arrangement entered into in the ordinary course of business; (k) any guarantee for any indebtedness permitted by this clause; or (1) any indebtedness not falling within sub-sections (a) --(k), the aggregate principal amount of which at any time does not exceed USD 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency or currencies).
3. Limitations on Liens.
No member of the Group shall permit any further liens or encumbrances on any of its assets other than: (a) liens created pursuant to the Issuer's Bank Credit Facility shall be permitted; (b) liens arising by operation of law and/or by agreement evidencing the same in the ordinary course of its business; (c) liens arising out of title retention provisions in a supplier's standard conditions of supply of goods acquired by the relevant person in the ordinary course of its business; (d) any liens existing at the time of acquisition on or over any asset acquired by it after the date of the Settlement Date and not created in contemplation of or in connection with that acquisition; (e) any liens on credit balances of any member of the Group with a bank or similar financial institution in connection with net overdraft facilities to be provided to that and/or any other member of the Group; (1) any netting or set off arrangement entered into under a hedging transaction entered in the ordinary course of business where the obligations of the parties are calculated by reference to net exposure under that hedging transaction; (g) any lien created to replace or in substitution for any of the liens referred to in this clause provided that the maximum principal amount secured by the lien is not subsequently increased; or (h) any other lien provided that the book values of all assets secured by all liens permitted under this clause do not in aggregate exceed 5 (five) per cent, of the book value of the whole of the total tangible assets of the Group, as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in Norway and as shown in the then most recent audited consolidated financial statements.
4. Merger and reconstruction restrictions.
No member of the Group shall, without the prior written consent of the bondholders, merge or consolidate with any other company, de-merge or undertake

THIS DOCUMENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN, OR TO A RESIDENT OF, THE UNITED STATES, CANADA OR JAPAN, OR TO A U.S. PERSON

Page 3 of 5

Exhibit 2

any corporate restructuring.

5. Change of business.

No member of the Group will, without the prior written consent of the bondholders, engage in any business other than the businesses in which they are engaged as of the Settlement Date and activities directly related thereto, and similar or related business. No member of the Group will, without the prior written consent of the bondholders, change its type of organization or jurisdiction.

6. Investment Restrictions.

The Issuer and its subsidiaries shall not make any investments and acquisitions unless (a) after giving effect to any such investment, the Issuer and its subsidiaries are in pro forma compliance with the Financial Covenants (b) no default or event of default exists at the time of incurrence thereof or would result therefrom.

7. Arm's length transaction

The Issuer shall not without the prior written consent of the Trustee permit any member of the Issuer's Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Issuer's Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

Events of default:

The Loan Agreement will be subject to customary event of default provisions and shall include a cross default in relation to indebtedness of the Issuer and its material subsidiaries, subject to an aggregate USD 10 million threshold.

Supplementary

The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari

information about status passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are

of the loan:

preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general

application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

The Bonds are unsecured.

Issuer's ownership of bonds:

The Issuer (and/or any of its subsidiaries) has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold and used for partial redemption.

Manager:

ABG Sundal Collier Norge ASA

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway.

Paying Agent:

Nordea Bank Norge

Securities Depository:

Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS), Oslo, Norway. Principal and interest will be credited the Bondholders through VPS.

Loan Agreement:

Either a new Loan Agreement (governed by Norwegian law) or an amendment agreement to the current 3.25% Songa Offshore ASA Convertible Bond (whatever is preferred by the Trustee), which will be entered into by the Issuer and die Trustee acting as the Bondholders' representative. The Loan Agreement regulates the Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds and will inter alia include standard provisions related to event of default, covenants, representations and warranties, condition precedent and so forth.

Approvals / Permissions:

The issuance of the Bonds is subject to the due execution of all necessary corporate resolutions for the approval and issuance of the Bonds and die (loan) documentation in connection therewith (including but not limited to the conversion rights and the execution of the Loan Agreement for the Bonds) and the due

THIS DOCUMENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN, OR TO A RESIDENT OF, THE UNITED STATES, CANADA OR JAPAN, OR TO A U.S. PERSON

Page 4 of 5

Exhibit 2
Listing: Transfer restrictions:

fulfilment of customary conditions precedent for disbursement.
The Bonds will not be listed.
Bondholders will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds in the United States except; (i) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (ii) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, or (iii) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), and (B) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act (including transactions on the Oslo Børs). Upon conversion, each Bondholder will be required to certify that it is either (a) a QIB or (b) not a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S.

Songa Offshore SE

Oslo, 12 June 2009

ABG Sundal Collier Norge ASA

THIS DOCUMENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN, OR TO A RESIDENT OF, THE UNITED STATES, CANADA OR JAPAN, OR TO A U.S. PERSON

Page 5 of 5

