negorroo x

P re ss 1 >redefimendo lo posible

R e le a s e

redefining what is possible

Oro Negro Announces Debt Restructuring Proposal
Mexico City, Mexico. August 28, 2017. Pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated bond agreement between Oro Negro Drilling Pte. Ltd. (the "Company") and Nordic Trustee ASA, as trustee of the holders (the "Bondholders") of the 7.50% Oro Negro Drilling Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2019, the Company is pleased to present to Bondholders a debt restructuring proposal to address the series of amendments requested by Petroleos Mexicanos ("Pemex") to the drilling contracts for the Primus, Laurus, Fortius, Decus and Impetus rigs operated by Perforadora Oro Negro, S. de R.L. de C.V., an affiliate of the Company, and disclosed by the Company in a press release dated August 11, 2017. In the interest of engaging in immediate discussions and full transparency, the Company is making the proposal available to all Bondholders.
In light of the permanent nature of the proposed changes and the need to create a sustainable capital structure, we are proactively exploring ways to restructure our debt obligation. While we are in good faith negotiations with Pemex on definitive documentation to ensure the proposed terms are accurately reflected in the amendment, these changes are not in the best interest of the company without permanent changes to our capital structure.
We have designed a proposal to exchange our existing senior notes for a package of new securities, including new senior notes, new preferred equity, new common equity, cash and the Primus rig. The exchange package is intended to create a sustainable balance sheet for the company, while providing existing senior noteholders with a fixed value component at a premium to current market value (expected valuation under alternative scenarios), while allowing Bondholders to retain their senior position in the capital structure with significant downside protection and the potential to benefit from any upside.
Attached as Exhibit A hereto is a presentation with details on the Company's proposal.
We would like to meet with Bondholders to discuss the proposal. Bondholders who are interested in meeting with us or have questions regarding the proposal may contact Miguel Angel Villegas by email at mvillegas@oronegro.com.
This notice shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation o f an offer to buy securities nor shall there be any sale o fsecurities in anyjurisdiction in which such solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification o f these securities under the laws o f any suchjurisdiction.
#89974639v9

Restructuring Proposal
August 28, 2017
neogrroo
>redefimendo lo posible
j w hat' possible

Restructuring Term Sheet
i

negorroo

New Senior N otes

Treatm ent of Senior N otes

New Preferred Equity

Treatm ent of Existing Equity

P rim us Rig
Cash Paym ent
New Com m on Equity
New Com m on Equity

G o v e rn an ce

O ther

 Face am ount: $300 m illion  Coupon: 8.25%  R an king/ Security: senior secured  M aturity: 5 years from closing date  Face am ount: $150 m illion  Coupon: 12.00% , with PIK toggle function
- Payable in cash or in kind at C o m p a n y 's electio n - Com pany m ay optionally redeem at par (no prepaym ent penalty) on an annual basis com m encing
December 2018 - Cash interest and optional redem ption subject to m aintaining $20 million m inim um cash balance  M aturity: 6 years from closing date  Prim us rig, or econom ic interests therein, transferred to N oteholders  Am ount: $30 m illion, paid from balance sheet cash
 10% o f th e pro fo rm a co m m o n e q u ity (1)
 9 0 % o f th e pro fo rm a co m m o n e q u ity (1)
 Status quo, provided that New Preferred Equity appoints one board m em ber
 M anagem ent Incentive Plan: TBD  Tim ing of public offering: TBD

(1)

Subject to dilution by management incentive plan.

1

