<3
NORSHORE

Bringing the future one step closer

Straum e

31.07.14

MARKET UPDATE AND INFORMATION TO BONDHOLDERS
Since delivery of the Norshore Atlantic ("The Vessel"), the Issuer has signed contracts with two oil companies, BlueSky and Shell. The start-up of the contract with BlueSky in Indonesia was delayed from the end of March to 27 April due to delayed delivery of equipment that was to be supplied by BlueSky and issues relating to delayed pre-payments from BlueSky under the contract.
The first phase of the BlueSky contract (Phase 1A, inspection of 3 old wells) was finished in April. Thereafter, due to reasons mentioned above, the next Phase (Phase IB, well intervention work) started 25 June 2014 (mobilisation) and with work on location from 27 June 2014. The work for BlueSky Phase IB was completed successfully with substantial increase in oil production for the client. The work under Phase IB was finished on 13 July 2014.
The Vessel has been performing very well during both Phase 1A and IB, with technical up-time during Phase IB o f 98.3%. For details of technical up-time for Phase B, see graph below:
120%

25June26June27 June28 June29 JuneBO June Uuly 2Ju!y 3July 4July 5 July 6Ju!y 7Ju!y 8 July 9 July 10July 11 July 12 July

The Vessel is now back in Batam Indonesia. Work has started to prepare for the work under the contract with Shell. Shell has its personnel on-board and equipment to be used on the Malikai operation is being installed. Shell has informed Norshore that actual contract start-up will be between 15 and 31 August 2014.
While the Vessel has been performing very satisfactory for BlueSky, the total scope of the contract has been less than previously estimated by BlueSky. Norshore Atlantic has been working a total of 21 days under the contract with BlueSky. There has been no change to the achieved day rate levels as for when the vessel has been working under the contract with BlueSky and is as such in-line with what was communicated in conjunction with the Bond issue in February. Operational cost on the Vessel has been incurred when the Vessel has not been working for BlueSky. This has resulted in significantly lower revenues for the Issuer than previously estimated. As a result of the reduced earnings, the Issuer has been faced with a temporary liquidity shortfall and although in general able to pay its running costs, it has for some time not been able to fulfil the Minimum Free Liquidity covenant set out in Clause 13.4, (a), (i) o f the Bond Agreement.

Norshore Holding AS

Straume Teknologisenter 5353 Straume Norway

P: +47 55 OS 35 00 VAT: 992 569 247 F: +47 55 09 35 01

www.norshore.com

NORSHORE

Bringing the future one step closer

The scheduled payments to the Retention Account (Clause 13.5 (b) (i) of the Bond Agreement) on 21 May, and 21 June and 21 July 2014 were also not made due to the liquidity constraints, but are as of 29 July 2014 paid into the Retention Account. Existing shareholders have since the bond issue contributed MUSD 2.5 in total through subordinated loans to fund this account alongside the use of existing cash, and hence the Issuer is in compliance with this part of the loan agreement again.
Since 21 July 2014, the Issuer has been in dialogue with certain bondholders through its financial advisors ABG Sundal Collier ASA and Arctic Securities AS. Nordic Trustee has also been informed and involved throughout the process and has been kept continuously updated on the discussions between bondholders, the Issuer and its financial advisors.
Throughout this process, compliance with covenants and the strive to maintain a sufficient capital base going forward has remained top priority for the company, as a result of the reduced revenues under the BlueSky contract. Hence, a significant effort has been done by Management and BoD to secure sufficient funding, and as such a commitment from existing shareholders of Norshore Holding AS to inject an additional MUSD 14.0 from 30 July until the end of September, 2014 has been made. This will be done through convertible loans, subordinated to the bond loan and this money will be used to strengthen the liquidity of Norshore Atlantic B.V.
As of 6 August 2014 at the latest, the Issuer will be compliance with the Minimum Free Liquidity covenant and all other covenants to the USD 150 million bond loan
All related parties are and will be benefitting from this as we now embark on the next important step for the Company, namely the Norshore Atlantic upstart for Shell (Malikai).
We regret the lack of timely information to our stakeholders for the last months, however, we will do our outmost to ensure this will not happen again going forward.
Management and the BoD are pleased to see the continued support from our shareholders. This will strengthen the Issuer balance sheet significantly, which is key for Norshore Atlantic going forward and furthermore will ensure the Issuer's compliance with the loan agreement.
In order to meet bondholder's request for timely information in the future, we will on the 1st each month publish vessel utilization (financial uptime) on our web-site and through the N-OTC system and if there is material downtime during a contract, we will inform all stakeholders through a press-release of such matters if the vessel has received downtime o f more than 6 days in a row.
Moving forward, Norshore want to make sure that sufficient and timely information is made available to all relevant parties.

2

www.norshore.com

r
NORSHORE
Yours sincerely, Geir N. Pedersen Chairm an of the Board

Bringing the future one step closer

3

www.norshore.com

