AGREEMENT REGARDING THE LOAN TRUSTEE'S FEES

Borrower: Loan Trustee: ISIN (the Loan): Annual fee: Annual payment date: Date of agreement:

Reservoir Exploration Technology ASA Norsk Tillitsmann ASA NO 001 040354.6 NOK 100,000 13 December 7 December 2007

1. Annual fee and special fees. The Borrower shall pay an annual fee as set out above. The fee covers ordinary supervision of the Loan according to the Loan Agreement. Extraordinary work related to establishing the Loan will be charged separately. The fee is chargeable until all obligations under the Loan Agreement are fulfilled, including interest, expenses and any other sums payable thereunder. The fee falls due for the first time together with the disbursement of the Loan, and subsequently in advance annually on the annual payment date. The fee will be adjusted once annually in accordance with the change in per cent. of the Norwegian Consumer Price Index (CPI).

If the Loan Trustee according to the Loan Agreement shall hold security documents in any form this may be charged the Borrower separately at a reasonable rate. Any reasonable and documented external costs in relation to the establishment or handling of security documents may be charged as per statement. In open bond issues the Borrower shall pay a separate fee based on a reasonable rate if an amendment agreement to the Loan Agreement must be prepared.

In the event the Loan is terminated prior to its original due date, the Loan Trustee may reasonably require that the Borrower compensates the Loan Trustee for the discontinuation of its income, taking into account the amount of work carried out at the establishing of the Loan and during the term of the Loan.
2. The bondholders' meeting The Borrower shall cover all documented costs and expenses inclusive necessary assistance from external consultants/legal counsels incurred in connection with the bondholders' meetings, regardless of who requested the meeting, except when a bondholders' meeting is requested for the purpose of electing a new loan Trustee and this is due to Loan Trustee's failure to fulfil his duties under this agreement. The Loan Trustee will charge a separate and reasonable fee for additional work a bondholders' meeting entails. Such fee includes preparation of the formal documents necessary for the meeting, such as notice of the meeting, agenda and minutes of meeting. The fee also includes the Loan Trustee's participation at the meeting. In addition the Borrower will be charged by the hour (based on a reasonable hourly rate) for preparation of agenda papers or other clarifications (performed in-house or out-of -house) related to the agenda on the bondholders' meeting. The Borrower will be billed for external reasonable and documented costs, such as room rent, postage and expenses connected to the Securities Depository.
3. Other expenses In addition to the annual fee (Section 1) and expenses incurred in connection with the bondholders' meeting/s (Section 2), the Borrower shall cover documented extraordinary costs incurred by the Loan Trustee during the loan period. This shall include the cost of necessary research work in connection with a request to change the Loan Agreement, and expenses incurred as a result of breach of contract.
If the Loan Trustee itself undertakes to do such work of research, the Borrower will be billed at a reasonable rate. Necessary assistance from consultants/legal counsels will be charged as per statement.
The Borrower shall in addition to fees and remuneration under this agreement pay to the Loan Trustee any value added tax or other taxes of duties chargeable.

This agreement is in force as long as the Loan Trustee is the bondholders' representative, and terminates without further notice from any of the parties. If the Loan Trustee is replaced, the Borrower is obliged to accept that this agreement is transferred to the new representative.

This agreement shall have precedence if there is any conflict between this agreement and the Loan Agreement, provided that this will not infringe the bondholders' rights under this agreement. This agreement is issued in two copies, one for each of the parties.

\)~\.~~- t ~ "

Borrower

_)

