N O RSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001 035624.9 9,25% Delphin Kreuzfahrten GmbH 2007/2012
Oslo, 29 February 2008
Delphin Kreuzfahrten GmbH - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. Background
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NT") is appointed as loan trustee for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Loan") where Delphin Kreuzfahrten GmbH is the issuer (the "Company").
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the loan agreement dated 27 February 2007 (the "Loan Agreement"), unless otherwise stated.
The Loan is a fixed rate callable first lien bond issue with a coupon of 9.25 % p.a. Remaining Loan amount is NOK 120 million. The Loan is encumbranced by i.a. the cruise ship MV Delphin (the "Vessel"), owned by the Company's subsidiary Dolphin Maritime Ltd.
Pursuant to the provisions of the Loan Agreement, an instalment of NOK 15 million and an interest payment fell due on 28 February 2008 (collectively, the "Due Amount"). We have been informed by the Company that it was not able to pay the Due Amount timely.
The Company has for a period of time worked with different solutions to fund the Due Amount, but unfortunately, the Company has not been able to close this in time to secure timely payment on 28 February 2008. However, the Company and the manager Fearnley Fonds ASA have outlined a restructuring plan for the Loan, see below.
2. Request to Bondholders -restructuring of the Loan
The Company has requested NT to put forward to the Bondholders a request for the following restructuring plan for the Loan:
(1) A mandate to sell the Vessel is given to JRT GmbH, Mr. Erik Jager. The shipbroker will be instructed unsolicited to give NT access to all information that is given to the Company on the sale process. The Company is focused to execute successfully the sale process of MV Delphin.

M AILING ADDRESS * P.O .BO X I47O VIKA, N -O I16 OSLO

LOCATION · HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

+47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 org. nr no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail m mail@trustee. no

· NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
(2) All terms in the amendment and original Loan Agreement to be assessed on bondholders meeting to be held on 3 June 2008. In this meeting the bondholders will have a "continuation vote" to this amended agreement based on current performance and status of the sale process of the Vessel. If the bondholders vote against a continuation of this amended agreement, the Vessel Mortgage will become immediately enforceable. The bondholders shall not vote against continuation without reasonable ground, e.g. in the event of the Company's compliance with the restructuring plan and in consideration of the market situation for sale of the Vessel.
(3) If the Vessel is sold or disposed of, or the shares in the Vessel Owning Company are sold or disposed of, the entire Loan shall be repaid at 103 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount as soon as possible thereafter.
(4) The entire Loan including unpaid interest shall carry interest equal to the default interest set out in Clause 11 in the Loan Agreement from 28 February 2008 and until the date of the reimbursement of the Loan.
(5) All accrued, unpaid interests which matured up until 28 February 2008 (1 year interests) are paid on or before 14 March 2008 (with the addition of default interest).
(6) Amortisation of the amount of NOK 3.75 million shall be made monthly on arrears on each Interest Payment Date from the Interest Payment Date in May 2008. Amortisation shall be made pro rata (according to the Security Depository's procedures).
(7) One month's notice period before enforcement procedure pursuant to Clause 10 in the Deed of Covenants dated 8th Mach 2007 between Dolphin Maritime Limited and NT to be waived. Hence, the vessel owning company shall agree that the Vessel Mortgage is immediately enforceable upon the occurrence of a default under the Loan Agreement (as amended) including, for the sake of clarity, the unsuccessful completion of the sale process envisaged for MV Delphin.
(8) Interest payments shall be made monthly on arrears on each Interest Payment Day, the first Interest Payment Date falls in May 2008, and where Interest Payment Date is defined as the 30th calendar day in each month (however 28th (29th) in respect of February). The Interest for March and April 2008 shall be paid in 2 equal instalments in May and June 2008 on top of the interest matured in those months of May and June (with the addition of default interest).
(9) The Company shall issue preliminary annual report for the year 2007 on or before 30 April 2008 and audited annual report for the year 2007 on or before 30 May 2008 for Delphin Kreuzfahrten and Hansa Kreuzfahrten. The annual reports shall give detailed description of the negative financial results. Additionally the Company shall issue interim quarterly financial and operational reports for Delphin Kreuzfahrten. If the merger between Delphin Kreuzfahrten and Hansa Kreuzfahrten is not completed the Company shall issue interim quarterly financial and operational reports for Flansa Kreuzfahrten.
-2 -

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
(10) The Company shall not pay any dividend before 1 January 2010 and the Borrower shall ensure that none of the Guarantors pay any dividend before 1 January 2010. Following 1 January 2010 the Borrower shall not pay dividend exceeding 50 per cent of previous year net profit and the Borrower shall ensure that none of the Guarantors pay any dividend exceeding 50 per cent of previous year net profit.

3. Expenses related to the handling of the matter

Any accrued expenses for NT in order to conduct any default situation and enforcement of security, hereunder any expenses incurred in connection with this restructuring plan, which are not reimbursed in any other way, may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

4. Information

For further and more detailed information regarding matters related to the Company's financial condition, please contact Fearnleys Fonds ASA, Att: Thomas Berg-Nielsen + 47 22 93 63 51.

5. Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

Friday 7 March 2008 at 10:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Bond Agreement:

(i) It is proposed that the Bondholders 'meeting resolve to amend the Loan Agreement based on the following restructuring plan;

(1) A mandate to sell the Vessel is given to JRT GmbH, Mr. Erik Mger. The shipbroker will be instructed unsolicited to give NT access to all information that is given to the Company on the sale process. The Company is focused to execute successfully the sale process o f MV Delphin.

(2) All terms in the amendment and original Loan Agreement to be assessed on bondholders meeting to be held on 3 June 2008. In this meeting the bondholders will have a "continuation vote " to this amended agreement based on current performance and status o f the sale process of the Vessel. I f the bondholders vote against a continuation of this amended agreement, the Vessel Mortgage will become immediately enforceable. The bondholders shall not vote against continuation without reasonable ground, e.g. in the event of the Company's compliance with the restructuring plan and in consideration o f the market situation for sale o f the Vessel.

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
(3) I f the Vessel is sold or disposed of, or the shares in the Vessel Owning Company are sold or disposed o f the entire Loan shall be repaid at 103 % o f par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount as soon as possible thereafter.
(4) The entire Loan including unpaid interest shall carry interest equal to the default interest set out in Clause 11 in the Loan Agreement from 28 February 2008 and until the date o f the reimbursement of the Loan.
(5) All accrued, unpaid interests which matured up until 28 February 2008 (1 year interests) are paid on or before 14 March 2008 (with the addition o f default interest).
(6) Amortisation o f the amount ofNOK 3.75 million shall be made monthly on arrears on each Interest Payment Date from the Interest Payment Date in May 2008. Amortisation shall be made pro rata (according to the Security Depository's procedures).
(7) One month's notice period before enforcement procedure pursuant to Clause 10 in the Deed o f Covenants dated. 8th Mach 2007 between Dolphin Maritime Limited and NT to be waived. Hence, the vessel owning company shall agree that the Vessel Mortgage is immediately enforceable upon the occurrence o f a default under the Loan Agreement (as amended) including, for the sake o f clarity, the unsuccessful completion o f the sale process envisaged for MV Delphin.
(8) Interest payments shall he made monthly on arrears on each Interest Payment Day, the first Interest Payment Date falls in May 2008, and where Interest Payment Date is defined as the 30th calendar day in each month (however 28th (29lh) in respect o f February). The Interest for March and April 2008 shall be paid, in 2 equal instalments in May and June 2008 on top o f the interest matured in those months o f May and June (with the addition o f default interest).
(9) The Company shall issue preliminary annual report for the year 2007 on or before 30 April 2008 and audited annual report for the year 2007 on or before 30 May 2008 for Delphin Kreuzfahrten and Hansa Kreuzfahrten, The annual reports shall give detailed description o f the negativefinancial results. Additionally the Company shall issue interim quarterly financial, and operational reports for Delphin Kreuzfahrten. If the merger between Delphin Kreuzfahrten. and Hansa Kreuzfahrten is not completed the Company shall issue interim quarterly financial and operational reports for Hansa Kreuzfahrten.
(10) The Company shall not pay any dividend before 1 January 2010 and the Borrower shall ensure that none o f the Guarantors pay any dividend before 1 January 2010. Following 1 January 2010 the Borrower shall not pay dividend exceeding 50 per cent o f previous year net profit and the Borrower shall ensure that none o f the Guarantors pay any dividend exceeding 50 per cent of previous year net profit.
-4-

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
NT is given the power o f attorney to enter into the necessary amendment agreement with the Company in order to carry out the restructuring plan.
(ii) Any accrued expensesfor NT in order to conduct any default situation, hereunder any expenses incurred in connection with this restructuring plan, which are not reimbursed in any other way, may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the NT to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising NT to vote, must then be returned to NT in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to NT, to notify NT by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Jo Forfang \

)

Legal director

/

Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

