NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne meldingen til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA.

To the Bondholders in:

ISIN N00010741358 - 8.50 per cent NBT AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2015/2020 (the "Bond Issue")

Oslo, 14 September 2015

Summons to Bondholders' Meeting

Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as bond trustee for the abovementioned Bond Issue, which is documented in the bond agreement dated 30 June 2015 (the "Bond Agreement") where NBT AS is the issuer of the Bonds (the "Issuer").

Capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to such terms in the Bond Agreement.

1 Background
The Issuer's 14.00 per cent convertible bond issue 2012/2015 with ISIN NO0010659873 (the "2012 Convertible Bonds") matures in full on 14 September 2015. The Issuer intends to refinance the Convertible Bond Issue, including PIK interest, with a new convertible bond issue in an amount of up to NOK 205,000,000 (the "New Convertible Bonds"). In addition to refinancing the 2012 Convertible Bonds, the proceeds from the New Convertible Bonds will be applied towards the general corporate purposes of the Issuer.

The Issuer hereby asks for certain waivers from the provisions of the Bond Agreement in order to permit it to issue the New Convertible Bonds.

2 Proposal
Against the above background, the Issuer requests the Bondholders' Meeting to approve the following proposal (the "Proposal"): Permitted Financial Indebtedness: The Issuer proposes that the definition of Permitted Financial Indebtedness be amended to read as follows:

"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means

(a)

The Bond Issue;

(b)

Convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of NOK 205,000,000, provided that the

convertible bonds are subordinated to the Bond Issue, and that no cash payments will be

made under the convertible bonds until the Bond Issue has been redeemed in full;

(c)

existing secured or unsecured Financial Indebtedness provided by commercial banks,

Export Credit Agencies and/or other financial institutions to the Issuer or any other Group

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Viis gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustp^jyrr

Company prior to the date of the Bond agreement for the purpose of financing existing wind assets;

(d)

future senior secured or unsecured Financial Indebtedness provided by commercial banks,

Export Credit Agencies and/or other financial institutions to the Issuer or any other Group

Company on marketable terms and conditions with the purpose of refinancing Permitted

Financial Indebtedness referred to in paragraphs (b)or (c) above or financing the

acquisition of new renewable energy assets (or acquisition of shares in entities owning one

or more renewable energy assets);

(e)

Subordinated Loans to the Issuer;

(f)

any Financial Indebtedness under any hedging arrangements entered into on market terms

and as part of the ordinary course of business of any Group Company and for non-

speculative purposes; and

(g)

any Financial Indebtedness not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the outstanding

principal amount of which does not exceed NOK 40,000,000 (or its equivalent in other

currencies) in aggregate for the Group at any time.

3 Preapprovals
Prior to this summons being distributed to the Bondholders, the Issuer has received binding commitments from 100% of the Bonds in the Bond Issue, who will vote in favour of the Proposal.

4 Non-reliance
Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable.

The information in this summons regarding the Issuer is provided by the Issuer. The Bond Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever arising from such information provided by the Issuer.

Any questions related to this summons may be directed to the Issuer's CFO Ketil Sundal, +47 959 22 104, sundal@nbtas.no.
5 Summons to Bondholders' Meetings
Bondholders are hereby summoned to a bondholders' meeting:

Time: 29 September 2015 at 13:00 CET

Place: The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon Vlls gate 1, 0161 Oslo, Norway

Agenda:

1.

Approval of the summons

2.

Approval of the agenda

3.

Election of two persons two co-sign the minutes together with the chairman

4.

Voting over the Proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:

The Proposal (as defined in the summons to this Bondholders' Meeting) is approved by the Bondholders' Meeting.

To approve the resolution, Bondholders representing 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to form a quorum, at least half (1 IT) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the Bondholders' Meeting.
Please find attached a Bondholder's form from the Securities Register (VPS), indicating your holding of Bonds at the printing date. The form will serve as proof of ownership of Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. If the Bonds are held by a custodian, i.e. that the owner is not registered directly in the VPS, the custodian must confirm: (i) the owner of the Bonds; (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds; and (iii) the account number in VPS in which the Bonds are registered.
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this summons for further details).
If the Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's form was completed, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or email (as set out on the first page of this summons) within 16:00 hours (4 p.m.) CET on the Business Day before the date of the Bondholders' Meeting.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA

Enclosed: Bondholder's form

