NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

To the bondholders in: ISIN NO 001 0654841

FRN Crudecorp ASA Subordinated Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017

Oslo, 23 December 2013
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - request for waiver from Put Option
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Norsk Tillitsmann" or the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the bondholders (together, the "Bondholders") in the above bond issue (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue"), a bond loan of NOK 50 million issued by Crudecorp ASA ("Crudecorp" or the "Issuer").
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 11 July 2012 (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and the described transactions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. BACKGROUND
1.1 Introduction
On 2 December 2013 Crudecorp announced a contemplated private placement in the amount of NOK 118 250 000 (hereinafter referred to as the "Private Placement") with a subsequent repair issue. The Private Placement was in its entirety subscribed by Ymir Energi AS. Ymir Energi AS announced on the same date that its shareholding following completion of the Private Placement would correspond to approximately 57.7 % of the shares in Crudecorp, and that it would put forward a mandatory offer for the remaining shares in Crudecorp following completion of the Private Placement. The Private Placement was approved by an Extraordinary General Meeting in Crudecorp 23 December 2013.
Crudecorp has entered into to a USD 25.3 million facility with Credit Suisse (the "Facility"), pursuant to which the completion of the Private Placement will be regarded as a Change of Control, and Change of Control will in turn constitute a Senior Event of Default. A waiver pursuant to the Facility will be subject to the Bondholders' giving waivers from the Put Option set out in Clause 10.3 of the Bond Agreement. Based on due considerations of the situation, the Issuer will propose for the Bondholders that an exemption from Clause 10.3 is approved, on the terms and conditions set forth herein.
1.2 Further information
For further information about Crudecorp, including the announcements made in connection with the Private Placement, please see www.crudecorp.no.
2. PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO THE BOND AGREEMENT
In accordance with Clause 16.2 o f the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' Meeting for the Bonds in order to consider the Issuer's request for, subject to certain conditions, an exemption from the Put Option, pursuant to the authority given to the Bondholders' Meeting under Clause 16.1 of the Bond Agreement.
i
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.tmstee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Specifically, the Issuer proposes that the Private Placement and Ymir Energi AS' subsequent mandatory offer and any additional purchases or subscriptions of shares through a compulsory acquisition or otherwise by Ymir Energi AS and related parties, which may result in Ymir Energy AS becoming owner of up to 100% of all the outstanding shares in the Company, shall not constitute a relevant Change of Control and accordingly not provide the Bondholders with a Put Option as set out in Clause 10.3 of the Bond Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the exemption will not apply to subsequent Change of Controls, i.e. if a third party (other than Ymir Energi AS and related parties) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f more than 50 % o f the voting shares of the Company and (ii) if the Private Placement is not completed, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

3. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL

In the Issuer's opinion, the Proposal represents an attractive solution for the Bondholders. Following the Private Placement, Crudecorp will have secured financing of its short term needs and avoided a breach of covenants at 31 December 2013 related to the Facility.

Swedbank First Securities is engaged as the Company's financial advisor (the "Advisor") with respect to the Proposal herein. Accordingly, Bondholders may contact the Advisor as follows for further information:

· Swedbank First Securities, Jone Skaara, Tel.: +47 91 86 91 95, e-mail: jone.skaara@swedbank.no

The Advisor is acting solely for the Company and no-one else in connection herewith. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the Advisor with respect to the Company, and the Advisor expressly disclaim any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to the information contained herein).

The Issuer has informed the Bond Trustee that Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the outstanding Bonds have granted their pre-approval to the Proposal and have committed to vote in favor o f the Proposal in the Bondholders' meeting.

4. NON-RELIANCE

The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Tmstee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable and vote accordingly.

5. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

13 January 2014 at 10:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5th floor

Agenda: 1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of the Proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:

2
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
"The Bondholder's Meeting approve the Proposal as described in section 2 o f the summons for the Bondholders 'Meeting. The Bond Trustee is hereby authorised to complete the negotiation o f form, terms, conditions and timing in relation to the Proposal, without any obligation to notify the Bondholders as providedfor in Clause 16.2 o f the Bond Agreement. Further, the Bond Trustee is given power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders' Meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including making amendments to the Bond Agreement and enter into an addendum agreement to the Bond Agreement. '' To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour o f the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.) The individual Bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to post@trustee.no , +47 22 87 94 10, or Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely Nofsk Tillitsma
Enclosed: - Bondholder's Form
3
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo ] Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

