Term Sheet

ISIN: NO 0010705742

Ship Finance International Limited Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2014/2019 ("the Bonds")

Settlement date: 19 March 2014

Issuer:

Ship Finance International Limited.

Currency:

NOK.

First Tranche:

NOK 900,000,000.

Borrowing Limit: NOK 1,000,000,000

Coupon rate:

3 months NIBOR + 4.10 % p.a., quarterly interest payments.

Settlement Date:

19 March 2014. Notice is expected to be given to Subscribers minimum two banking days prior to Settlement Date.

Maturity Date:

19 March 2019 (5 years after Settlement Date).

First interest payment day:

19 June 2014 (3 months after Settlement Date).

Last interest payment day:

Maturity Date.

Interest Payments:

Interest on the Bonds will start to accrue on Settlement Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the interest payment day in March, June, September and December. Day count fraction for the coupon is "act/360", business day convention is "modified following" and business day is "Oslo, London and New York".

Price:

100.00 (par)

Amortization:

The Bonds shall be repaid in full on the Maturity Date at price 100.00.

Nominal value:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of NOK 1,000,000 each. Minimum subscription will be NOK 1,000,000.

Status of the Bonds: The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.

Call option (American):

The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or nothing) at any time from and including the interest payment date falling 4 years and six months after Settlement Date to, but not included, the final Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.5 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

Purpose of the Bonds:
Group:

The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be employed for refinancing of existing debt and for general corporate purposes.
The Issuer with all its consolidated subsidiaries from time to time (and a "Group

page 1

3/5/2014

Special issues:
Financial Covenants:

Company" means the Issuer or any of its consolidated subsidiaries).
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
a) Mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
b) De-mergers: The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
c) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.
d) Disposal of business: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations if such disposal or sale would have a Material Adverse Effect.
e) Default provisions: Standard default provisions for the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries.
Cross-default provisions shall be subject to a USD 25 million threshold and subject further that default of any Financial Indebtedness by a Materiel Subsidiary shall not constitute an Event of Default if (i) the Issuer has no outstanding guarantee liability for such Financial Indebtedness, and (ii) the Issuer is not in default of any financial obligation to such Material Subsidiary.
f) Reporting: The Issuer shall of its own accord make management and financial reports (drawn up according to US GAAP, quarterly on a consolidated basis, written in English) available to the Trustee and on its web pages for public distribution not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.
g) Listing: During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall use its best endeavours to ensure that the Issuer's shares shall remain listed on NYSE or another commonly recognized stock exchange.
h) Insolvency: The Issuer or a Material Subsidiary is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.
The Issuer shall comply with the following Financial Covenants:

page 2

3/5/2014

Definitions:
Material Adverse Effect:

a) Minimum Free Cash At any time maintain on a consolidated basis a minimum Free Cash of USD 25,000,000;
b) Working Capital At any time maintain on a consolidated basis a positive Working Capital.; and
c) Equity Ratio At the end of each financial quarter on a consolidated basis have an Equity Ratio of at least 20%.
Capitalized terms used herein shall, unless otherwise stated, have the same meaning as given to them in the bond agreement for FRN Ship Finance International Limited Callable Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2012/2017 with ISIN number NO0010661655. In addition, the following definitions shall apply:
"Free Cash" means the aggregate book value of the holdings which at all times are available for the Issuer of any:
a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts;
b) time deposits and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange; and c) undrawn credit lines,
in each case, to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at that time and to which any such Group Company has free and unrestricted access.
"Equity Ratio" means Equity divided by Adjusted Total Assets.
"Equity" means Adjusted Total Assets less Adjusted Total Liabilities.
"Adjusted Total Assets" means Total Assets plus (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the aggregated book value of the deferred equity contribution relating to the assets acquired from Frontline Ltd.
"Total Assets" means, on any date, (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the aggregate book value of those assets which according to GAAP should be included as assets in the balance sheet.
"Adjusted Total Liabilities" means Total Liabilities less (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the aggregated book value of the net present value (NPV), based on a mark-to-market valuation, of interest rate swaps (if any).
"Total Liabilities" means, on any date, (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the aggregate book value of those liabilities which according to GAAP should be included as liabilities in the balance sheet.
"Working Capital" means (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the aggregate book value of those assets which according to GAAP should be included as current assets in the balance sheet, less (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the aggregate book value of those liabilities which according to GAAP should be included as current liabilities in the balance sheet, plus (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the aggregate book value of the scheduled installments (including any balloons) on long term debt which according to GAAP should be included as current liabilities in the balance sheet.
Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole as compared to the condition at the date of the Bond Agreement, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement.

page 3

3/5/2014

Change of Control put option:

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment (Put Option) of the Bonds at a price of 100% of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 days following the notice of a Change of Control Event.

Change of Control Event:

Change of Control Event means any person or group, other than Hemen Holding Ltd., Farahead Investment Inc. and/or other companies controlled directly or indirectly by Mr. John Fredriksen, his direct lineal descendants, the personal estate of any of them and any trust created for the benefit of any of the aforementioned persons and their estates, becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Issuer.

Issuer's ownership The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's

of Bonds:

discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Joint Lead Managers:

DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, N-0191 Oslo, Norway; Nordea Bank Norge ASA, Nordea Markets, P.O. Box 1166 Sentrum, NO-0107 Oslo, Norway; and Swedbank Norge, branch of Swedbank Ab (publ), P.O. Box 1441 Vika, N-0115 Oslo, Norway.

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway.

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the Bondholders through VPS.

Paying Agent:

Nordea Bank Norge ASA.

Issuer's org. number:

Bermuda Register of Companies number 34296

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

Bond Agreement:

The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the Bondholders' representative and is to be based on the bond agreement for ISIN NO 001 066165.5 dated [] 2012, aligned and updated to the current Norsk Tillitsmann standard template. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.

Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, save in the following instances, in respect of which a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment of the terms of the Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations of the Bond Agreement to another issuer, or (c) change of Bond Trustee.

The Subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Loan Agreement and the related security documents. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur. The subscription agreement for the Bonds specifically authorise the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective Bondholders, who will enter into such subscription agreements prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that

page 4

3/5/2014

all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.

Listing:

An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on Oslo Stock Exchange.

Market making:

No market-maker agreement has been made for this Issue.

Eligible purchasers:

The Bonds shall only be offered to non-"U.S. persons" in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of Rule 902 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act") except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act. In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

Nordea is not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as a U.S. registered broker-dealer and will not participate in the offer or sale of the Bonds within the United States.

Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

Subject to:

The issue of Bonds shall be subject to finalized bond documentation and approval of bond documentation by the Issuer and the Trustee.

THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND UNTIL THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT TO (A) A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" PURSUANT TO RULE 144A OF THE SECURITIES ACT, (B) A PERSON WHO IS NOT A U.S. PERSON IN AN "OFFSHORE TRANSACTION' PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATES AND ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES IN RELIANCE ON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND CERTAIN STATE LAWS. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC") NOR ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE OR FOREIGN SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR DETERMINED IF THIS TERM SHEET IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

page 5

3/5/2014

Oslo, 5 March 2014
Ship Finance International Limited as Issuer

DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets As Joint Lead Manager

Nordea Markets As Joint Lead Manager

Swedbank Norge, branch of Swedbank Ab (publ)
As Joint Lead Manager

page 6

3/5/2014

