NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kim utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA

To the bondholders in: ISIN NO 001 0724818 -

First Priority Oro Negro Impetus Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2015

Oslo, 13 August 2015
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - proposal for an extension of waiver and amendments
Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the bondholders (together, the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue"), a bond loan of USD 175,000,000 issued by Oro Negro Impetus Pte. Ltd. (the "Issuer").
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 4 December 2014 (as amended and restated from time to time) (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and the described transactions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1 BACKGROUND
1.1 Introduction
On 19 May 2015, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee entered into an agreement under which certain resolutions agreed at the Bondholder's Meeting held on 19 May 2015 were adopted (the "Amendment Agreement No. 1"), and on 3 June 2015, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee entered into a further agreement under which certain resolutions agreed at the Bondholder's Meeting held on 3 June 2015 were adopted (the "Amendment Agreement No. 2").
The background for the Amendment Agreements No. 1 and 2, was that the Issuer was negotiating a lease contract between the Charterer and Pemex Exploracion y Produccion ("Pemex") with respect to the Rig. The Issuer anticipated that it would have a contract executed with Pemex agreed by no later than 31 August 2015. Consequently, inter alia, the Bond Agreement Clause 13.7 (c) and (d) was amended and restated in its entirety so that they read as follows:
"(c) The Ultimate Parent shall, on a consolidated basis, at all times after August 31, 2015 maintain a minimum Equity Ratio o f 35%.
(d) The Issuer shall at all times after August 31, 2015, maintain a minimum Asset Coverage Ratio o f 120% (one hundred and twenty per cent). "
While discussions are ongoing, the Issuer has not yet agreed upon the terms of a contract with Pemex as of this date. Therefore, the Issuer is seeking approval from the Bondholders to extend the periods referred to in the above, as well as certain other amendments, as set out in Paragraph 2 (the Proposal) below.
1

This summons letter is issued in order to seek approval from the Bondholders.
2 THE PROPOSAL
In accordance with Clause 16.2 of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a meeting of Bondholders ("Bondholders' Meeting") in order to consider the Issuer's request to i) amend the interest rate payments to allow for interest to be paid by issuance of additional bonds, ii) permit the Issuer to use the funds deposited on the Liquidity Account to fund the expenses set out below, iii) waive the requirement to obtain a valuation of the Rig until 2 November 2015 and iv) extend the previous amendments in respect of financial covenants, all as set out in detail below (the "Proposal"):
1. Clause 9.1.1 o f the Bond Agreement to be amended and restated in its entirety to read asfollows: "The Issuer shallpay interest on the par value o f the Bondsfrom and including the Issue Date at afixed rate o f 11.0% (eleven point zero per cent) per annum (the "Fixed Rate "), provided however that the Issuer may, in accordance with Clause 9.1.4, elect to settle all or part o f the accrued interest on such Interest Payment Date through the issuance o f additional Bonds to the Bondholders (the "Additional Bonds") at par value.
2. A new Clause 9.1.4 shall be inserted, to read asfollows: "The Issuer shall, if it intends to pay any part o f the interest by issuing Additional Bonds, as soon as practicable and in any event not less thanfour (4) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date (it being understood that the Issuer shall be deemed to have delivered such notice with respect to thefu ll amount o f the September interestpayment), give notice to both the Bond Trustee and the Paying Agent o f the amount o f interest that will be paid in cash and/or Additional Bonds, respectively, which notice shall be irrevocable. "
3. A new Clause 9.1.5 shall be inserted, to read asfollows: "Additional Bonds will bear interest from and including the relevant Interest Payment Date. "
4. The existing Clause 9.1.4 shall be renumbered as Clause 9.1.6 and the existing Clause 9.1.5 shall be renumbered as Clause 9.1.7.
5. Clause 13.4 (c)(ii) o f the Bond Agreement to be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: "The Issuer shall procure that the Liquidity Account shall have a minimum cash balance o f US$ 5,000,000 (US Dollarsfive million) in accordance with Clause 13.7(a) below, however the Issuer shall be permitted to withdrewfunds from the Liquidity Accountfo r the sole purposes o f i) funding the operations, costs and expenses relating to the Rig documented by invoices (including, fo r the avoidance o f doubt, invoicesfi-om the Issuer or its affiliates with respect to internal costs incurred with respect to such operations) and ii) covering thefees and expenses incurred by advisors to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee documented by invoices (it being understood with respect to items i) and ii) that the Bond Trustee shall not be obligated to conduct any verification with respect to such invoices). The Liquidity Account shall be charged infavour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalfo f the Bondholders) and blocked.
6. Clause 13.7(c) o f the Bond Agreement to be amended and restated in its entirety to read: "The Ultimate Parent shall, on a consolidated basis, at all times after 31 October, 2015 maintain a minimum Equity Ratio o f 35%. "
7. Clause 13.7(d) o f the Bond Agreement to be amended and restated in its entirety to read: "The Issuer shall at all times after 31 October, 2015, maintain a minimum Asset Coverage Ratio o f 120% (one hundred and twenty per cent). "

8. The obligation to obtain a valuation o f the Rig at least semi-annually in the last sentence o f the definition o f "Charter Free Market Value " in Clause 13.7(e) is hereby waived so as to not require such a valuation until 2 November, 2015.
The Proposal shall be implemented with immediate effect upon due approval by the necessary 2/3 majority of Voting Bonds present at the Bondholders' Meeting, as per Clause 16.3.5 of the Bondholder Agreement.
However, the implementation will only continue be effective upon the following having taken place by no later than 28 August 2015:
(i) an amended and restated Bond Agreement (or other agreement as decided between the parties) necessary to duly document the Proposal having been duly executed by the parties thereto;
(ii) the delivery to it of any legal opinions as may be reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in relation to the implementation of the Proposal; and
(iii)all necessary corporate resolutions and powers of attorney of the Issuer having been duly made and delivered to the Trustee.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer emphasises that the immediate implementation of the Proposal upon a required vote by the Bondholder Meeting is ensuring that there will be no Event of Default caused by breach of any o f the terms in the following Clauses of the Bond Agreement:
(i) 13.7 (c) (Equity Ratio) (ii) 13.7 (d) (Asset Coverage Ratio); and (iii) 13.7 (e) (Definitions) in respect of the obligation to obtain a semi-annual valuation o f the
Rig. Furthermore, due to applicable grace periods and the deferrals provided by the amendments set out in the Proposal, no breach of any of the abovementioned provisions shall constitute an Event of Default in the period from 13 August 2015 until implementation of the Proposal no later than on 28 August 2015.
3 Further information
Bondholders may contact the financial advisors ("Advisors") as follows for further information:
Moelis & Co. Zul Jamal e-mail: zul.iamal@moelis.com telephone:+1 (212) 883 3813

The Advisors act solely for the Issuer and no-one else in connection herewith. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the Advisors with respect to the Issuer, and the Advisors expressly disclaim any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to the information contained herein).
For further questions to the Bond Trustee, please contact Olav Slagsvold at mail@nordictrustee.com or + 47 22 87 94 00.

4 Evaluation and non-reliance
The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable and vote accordingly.

5 SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS ' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

27 August 2015 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon YHs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda: 1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval o f the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of the Proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolves the following:

"The Bondholder 's Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 2 o f the summons fo r the Bondholders 'Meeting.

The Bond Trustee is hereby authorised to complete the negotiation o fform, terms, conditions and timing in relation to the Proposal, without any obligation to notify the Bondholders as provided fo r in Clause 16.2 o f the Bond Agreement. Further, the Bond Trustee is given power o f attorney to prepare, finalise and enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders' Meetings as well as to cany out the necessary completion work, including making appropriate amendments to the Bond Agreement. "

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depositoiy (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to post@trustee.no. +47 22 87 94 10, or Nordic Trustee ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Noway).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA
Enclosed: Schedule A - Bondholder's Form

