NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kim utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the bondholders in:

ISIN: NO 001 0744246 - 12 per cent. NSA Bondco Limited Secured Callable Bond Issue 2015/2020
Oslo, 11 January 2016
NOTICE OF A WRITTEN BONDHOLDERS' RESOLUTIONS - APPOINTMENT OF ADVISORY COMMITTEE
Nordic Trustee ASA is appointed as trustee (the "Bond Trustee'') for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bond Issue") with NSA Bondco Limited as issuer (the "Issuer").
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement for the Bond Issue dated 31 August 2015 (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein.
1. Appointment of initial members to the Advisory Committee
Pursuant to clause 13.4 of the Bond Agreement, an Advisory Committee shall be established with representatives of beneficial holders of at least 50% of the Bonds appointed at a Bondholders' Meeting. The initial members of the Advisory Committee shall be elected by a majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting. Clause 16.5 of the Bond Agreement provides that anything which may be done by resolution of the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting may be done by written resolution, without a Bondholders' Meeting.
The Issuer hereby proposes to the Bondholders that the following shall be appointed as the initial members of the Advisoiy Committee (the "First Proposed Resolution"):
- Certain bondholders who are affiliated with funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, LLC ("Apollo");
- HBK Capital Management ("HBK"); - (i) Nordea European High Yield Fund; (ii) Nordea 1 - European High Yield Bond Fund II;
(iii) Nordea 1 - Nordic Corporate Bond Fund; (iv) Nordea Invest Verdens Obligationsmarkeder (v) NI Portefølje PBPM Obligationer KL; and (vi) Nordea Invest Portefølje Verdens Obligations (together "Nordea"); and - Wolverine Flagship Fund Trading Limited ("Wolverine" and together with Apollo, HBK and Nordea, the "Committee Members").
Bondholders represented by the Committee Members hold in aggregate more than 50% of the Voting Bonds.

PO Box 1470 Vika, M-01' 6 Oslo, Hasten Vits gate l, Oslo

nordictrust&e.com

For the avoidance of doubt the Committee Members will not "act for ' the Bondholders in any representative capacity, will have no fiduciary duties to the Bondholders and will have no authority to act for, represent, or commit the Bondholders. The Committee Members will have no obligations other than those for which express provision is made in the Bond Agreement (and for the avoidance ot doubt the Committee Members are not under any obligation to advise or to consult with any Bondholder on any matter related to the Bond Agreement). No Committee Member will be liable for any action taken by it (or any inaction) under or in connection with the Bond Agreement or its role in the Advisory Committee, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct.
2. Lay Up of the Vessel
Further to the announcement from the Issuer to the Bondholders on 5 January 2016, the Bondholders will be aware that the Issuer has received a request from Norshore Management AS ("Norshore ) in respect of a proposed layup of the Vessel. Under the terms of the bareboat charter dated 31 August 2015 between the Issuer as owner and Norshore as charterer regarding the Vessel (the "Charterparty"), Norshore is required to obtain the prior written consent of the Issuer (in its capacity as owner) to lay up the Vessel. Pursuant to paragraph (k) of Clause 13.3 (General Covenants) of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer is not permitted to exercise any of its rights under the Charterparty without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee.
The Issuer hereby proposes to the Bondholders that (the "Second Proposed Resolution' and together with the First Proposed Resolution, the "Proposed Resolutions"):
A. the Bond Trustee may consent to the Issuer agreeing to Norshore's request to lay-up the Vessel, with such consent being subject to any conditions as the Advisory Committee may consider appropriate or desirable; and
B. the Bond Trustee or, subject to any further requirements set out in the Bond Agreement, the Issuer may act on the instructions or advice of the Advisory Committee with respect to any further requests from Norshore relating to the Vessel and/or the Charterparty.
3. Non reliance
The Proposed Resolutions are presented to the Bondholders without evaluation or recommendation from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposed Resolutions are acceptable.
4. Written Bondholders' resolutions
Bondholders are hereby provided with a voting request for Bondholders' written resolutions pursuant to clause 16.5 of the Bond Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, no Bondholders' Meeting will be held.
For a vote to be valid, the Bond Trustee must have received it by mail, courier or e-mail to the address indicated in the enclosed form (the "Voting Form") no later than at 25 January 2016 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time) (the "Voting Deadline").

2 -

-

There will be a separate vote for each of the First Proposed Resolution and the Second Proposed Resolution, and each Proposed Resolution is passed when it has received the affirmative vote by or on behalf of the Bondholders who at the date that of this notice represent such majority of votes as would be required if the resolution was voted on at a Bondholders' Meeting (which for the avoidance of doubt is 50% of the Voting Bonds pursuant clause 16.3.4 of the Bond Agreement) at which all Bondholders entitled to attend and vote thereat were present and voting, which is a majority of the Voting Bonds pursuant clause 13.4 of the Bond Agreement. Votes which are submitted are final and cannot be withdrawn. In the event that the Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after voting is conducted, the new Bondholders shall accordingly not be entitled to vote. Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA
/faL f
Morten S. Bredesen Enclosed: Written Bondholders' resolution
-3 -

Written Bondholders' resolution

ISIN: NO 001 0744246 2015/2020

12 percent NSA Bondco Limited Senior Callable Bond Issue

The undersigned holder or authorised person/entity votes in the following manner:

1. First Proposed Resolution as defined in the notice for written resolution dated 11 January 2016:  In favour of the First Proposed Resolution
[J Against the First Proposed Resolution

2. Second Proposed Resolution as defined in the notice for written resolution dated 11 January 2016:  In favour of the Second Proposed Resolution
D Against the Second Proposed Resolution

ISIN
ISIN NO 001 0744246

Amount of bonds owned

Custodian name

Account number at Custodian

Company

Day time telephone number Email

Enclosed to this form is the complete printout from our custodian/VPS,1verifying our bondholding in the bond issue as o f________________
We acknowledge that Nordic Trustee ASA in relation to the written Bondholders' resolution for verification purposes may obtain information regarding our holding of bonds on the above stated account in the securities register VPS.

Place, date

Authorised signature

Return:

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo

Telefax: +47 22 87 94 10

Tel:

+47 22 87 94 00

mailto: mail@nordictrustee.no

1If the bonds are held in custody other than in the VPS, an evidence provided from the custodian - confirming

that (i) you are the owner of the bonds, (ii) in which account number the bonds are hold, and (iii) the amount of

bonds owned.

4 -

-

