BOND TERMS FOR
Okea AS 7.50'/o open callable senior secured USD 150,000,000 bonds2017/2020 rsrN No0010810062

Clause

Contents

1. INTERPRETATION 2. THE BONDS .. 3. THE BONDHOLDERS 4. ADMISSION TO LISTING 5. REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS ................ 6. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT ........... 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ............ 8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS............ 9. INTEREST..... 10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BONDS.. 11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 12. INFORMATION LINDERTAKING S 13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL LINDERTAKINGS ....
t4. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS
15. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS ..... 16. THE BOND TRUSTEE... 17. AMENDMENTS AND V/AIVERS 18. MISCELLANEOUS 19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT
SCHEDULE 3 INTERCREDITOR PRINCIPLES

2t75
Page
43 50 53 58 62 63 65

3t75

BOND TERMS

ISSUER: BOND TRUSTEE:

Okea AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with
registration number 915 419 062 and LEI code
549300H385IG8858CN91 ; and
Nordic Trustee AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624 and LEI code
5493 OOXAKTM2BMKIPTS 5.

DATED

14 Novernber 2017

These Bond Terms shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

I

INTERPRETATION

1.1

Defînitions

The following terms will have the following meanings:

"Accounts" means following accounts maintained with one or more Account Bank:
(a) the Escrow Account(s) (in connection with the Settlement of the Bonds and any Tap
Issue Bonds);
(b) the Pledged Account(s); and (c) any Qualified Pledged Account.
"Account Bank" means:
(a) reputable Norwegian bank(s); and (b) international bank(s) with at least A- rating from Standard & Poor's Rating Services or
Fitch Ratings Ltd or A3 rating from Moody's Investors Services Limited,

in each case selected by the Issuer.

"Accounts Pledges" means the first priority Norwegian law pledges over the Accounts (other than for the Escrow Account) and the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in such bank accounts, where the Account Bank has waived any set-off rights.

"Acquired Financial Indebtedness" means Financial Indebtedness owing by a New Group Company as principal debtor and which was incurred by that New Group Company prior to it becoming a Group Company and where the incurrence thereof was not related to it becoming or preparing to become a Group Company.

4t75
"Additional Bonds" means bonds issued by the Issuer or any other Group Company under
different ISINs and bond terms than the Bonds.
"Additional Transaction Security Documents" means all of the documents which shall be executed or delivered pursuant to Clause 2.6 (Additional Transaction Security) expressed to create any Security by the relevant grantor thereof in respect of the Obligor's obligations
under any of the Finance Documents.
"Additional Yme Interest" means the 5 per cent. share in the Yme Licenses, to be acquired by the Issuer under the Yme SPA.
"Additional Yme Interest Long Stop Date Event" means that the Issuer has not become the registered owner of the Additional Yme Interest by 31 March 2018.
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any specified person:
(a) any person which is a Subsidiary of the specified person;
(b) any person who has Decisive Influence over the specified person (directly or
indirectly); and
(c) any person which is a Subsidiary of an entity who has Decisive Influence (directly or
indirectly) over the specified peßon.
"Annual Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP,
such financial statements to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow
statement and report of the board of directors.
"Assignment of Insurances" means the first priority Norwegian law security assignment of all of the Issuer's monetary claims under or with respect to any insurances required to be taken out in accordance with these Bond Terms, but excluding any construction insurance
with respect to Hydrocarbon Assets taken out by an operator.
"AssÍgnment of Tax Refund" means the fnst priority Norwegian law security assignment of
the Issuer's existing and future Tax Refund Claims against the Norwegian govemment.
"Assignment of the Yme SPA" means the first priority Norwegian law security assignment of the Issuer's existing and future monetary claims against the Seller under the Yme SPA.
"Authorisation" means an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, filing, notarisation or registration.
"Bond Terms" means these terms and conditions, including all Schedules hereto which shall form an integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.

5175
"Bond Trustee" means the company designated as such in the prearnble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with
these Bond Terms.
"Bond Trustee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders as set out in Clause 15
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms,
including any Tap Issue Bonds.
"Business Day" means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant Bond currency settlement system is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, no adjustment will be made to the Interest Period.
"Calculation Date" means each Quarter Date.
"Calculation Period" means a period ending on the day that the Put Option Amounts relating
to Put Option Events having occurred during that period in aggregate exceeded the Put Option Threshold Amount, and so that the first Calculation Period shall start on the Issue
Date and any subsequent Calculation Period shall start on the day immediately following the day the preceding Calculation Period ended.
"Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 70.2 (Voluntary Redemption - Call
Option).
"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by
the Issuer pursuant to Clause I0.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date
agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of
Bonds.
"Capital Employed Ratio" means a ratio, expressed as a percentage, in each case on the relevant Calculation Date, of the (i) aggregate amounts that have been paid in as cash equity
capital in the Issuer and which have been registered as a share capital increase in the Issuer with the Norwegian Business Register (No: Foretaksregisteret) to (ii) the aggregate amounts that have been paid in as cash equity capital in the Issuer and which have been registered as a
share capital increase in the Issuer with the Norwegian Business Register (No:
Foretaksregisteret) pl:us the amount of Total Debt.
I'CSD" means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS).

6t75
"Change of Control Event" means if any person, or two or more persons being under the
same Decisive Influence or acting in concert obtains Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a statement substantially in the form as set out in Schedule t hereto.
"Conditions Precedent Long Stop Date Event" means an event whereby any funds
transferred to the Escrow Account in relation to the settlement of the Initial Bond Issue or any
Tap Issue has not been released to the Issuer within the earlier of (a) the date occurring 6 months after the relevant settlement date for that issue and (b) the date the Issuer notifies Bond Trustee in writing that the relevant conditions precedent for the release of such funds will not be satisfied and that the Issuer will not pursue the satisfaction of such conditions
precedent.
"I)ecisive Influence" means a person having:
(a) as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another
person (directly or indirectly):
(Ð a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(iÐ a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of
that other person; or
(b) control over another person by that other person, whether by agreement or otherwise,
be accustomed or obliged to act in accordance with their directions.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the
right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent
company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"I)efault Notice" means a written notice to the Issuer as described in Clause 14.2
(.4cceleration of the Bonds).
"I)efault Repayment Date" means the settlement date set out by the Bond Trustee in a
Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds.
"EBITI)A" means the Issuer's (consolidated with the other Group Companies) aggregale
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (and, if included in the
calculation of eamings, after adding back the amount of non-recurring transaction costs incurred in relation to any direct or indirect acquisition of Hydrocarbon Assets) for the
Relevant Period.
"Escrow Account" means, collectively:
(a) the initial bank account in USD to be established by the Issuer with an Account Bank
prior to the Issue Date, to which the net proceeds of the Initial Bond Issue shall be transferred in connection with the issuance of the Bonds on the Issue Date, provided

7t75

that the conditions precedent as set out in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent þr
disbursement to the Escrow Account)have been satisfied; and
(b) the bank account in NOK established by the Issuer in compliance with its obligations
under Clause 13.1l(n)(ii) (Required Hed4tnÐ.
the Escrow Account shall be pledged and blocked on flrrst priority as security for the
Obligor's obligations under the Finance Documents.

"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means any of the events o¡ circumstances specified in Clause 14.1
(Events of Default).

"Exchange" means Oslo Børs.
"Exempted Account" means each bank account that serves as an escrow account (including
for any Additional Bonds and/or aîy aîy Permitted Additional Bond Issue) , a Tax Refund
Claim Account, each withholding account (No: skattetrekkskonto), each bank account
maintained by a Group Company in its capacity as the operator for any Hydrocarbon Asset or a cash collateral bank account permitted under these Bond Terms, but also including bank accounts in which a total aggregate amount of less than USD 100,000 is deposited.

"Exempted Tax Refund Claims" means Tax Refund Claims which are subject to Permitted Exploration Financing S ecurity.

"Existing Licences" means the Issuer's ownership interests in the following licenses on the Norwegian continental shelf:

No. Licence

Field name

Ownership percentage

1

PL 038D

Grevling

70.00

2 PL 316

Yme

10.00

-t

PL 3168

Yme

4 PL 338 BS Ivar Aasen þart of the lvar Aasen
Unit and, through its current
ownership in PL 338 BS, the Issuer has a 0.55 per cent. share in the Ivar
Aasen Unit)

10.00 20.00

"Exploration Asset" means any Hydrocarbon Asset on the Norwegian continental shelf in
respect of which no plan for development and operation Q,{o.: plan for utbygging og drift

8175
(PUD)) has been submitted for approval by the relevant branches of the Norwegian
government.
"Factoring Charge" means the first priority Norwegian law floating charge over all accounts receivables of the Issuer (No: factoringtrtant).
"Finance Documentst' means:
(a) these Bond Terms;
(b) the Transaction Security Documents;
(c) any Intercreditor Agreement; (d) any subordination agreement with respect to any Subordinated Loan and any
Subordinated Shareholder Loan;
(e) the Bond Trustee Agreement; and (Ð any other document the Issuer and the Bond Trustee designate as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized
equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes,
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which
would, in accordance with the GAAP (as at the Settlement Date), be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (otherthan any receivables to the extent they are sold on
a non-recourse basis);
(Ð any amount raised under any other t¡ansaction (including any forward sale or purchase
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit
from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative
transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the
items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements and the Úrterim Accounts.

9/75
"Financial Support" means loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of Security securing the obligations of a third party).
"First Oil Date" means, with respect to any Hydrocarbon Asset, the date on which such
Hydrocarbon Asset has achieved 30 consecutive days of oil and/or gas production in
commercial quantities.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting principles in Norway (including, if
relevant for a Group Company, IFRS).
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Group Company" means any person which is a member of the Group.
"Guarantee" means the Norwegian law on-demand guarantee granted by a Guarantor in
relation to the Finance Documents.
"Guarantor" means and any Group Company which subsequently becomes a New Group
Company.
"Hydrocarbon Asset" means, from time to time, each hydrocarbon licence and block in which any Group Company holds an ownership interest (either directly or through interests in
production sharing contracts or similar) (including the Existing Licences).
"Hydrocarbon Asset I)evelopment Costs" means the Issuer's part of the costs and expenses for the development of any Hydrocarbon Assets (including costs on the Yme Licences, but only such costs which relate to an ownership interest in the Yme Licences above 10 per cent.
if the Yme Transaction has not completed or above 15 per cent. if the Yme Transaction has
completed).
"Hydrocarbon Assets Acquisition" means the direct or indirect acquisition of Hydrocarbon
Assets.
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Initial Bond Issue" means the aggregate Nominal Amount of all Bonds issued on the Issue
Date.
"Initial Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of each Bond as set out in Clause 2.1
(Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds).
"Initial Transaction Security Documents" means, collectively, the Escrow Account Pledge and all of the other documents which shall be executed or delivered pursuant to Clause 2.5 (Initial Transaction Securíty) expressed to create any Security by the relevant grantor thereof
in respect of the Obligors' obligations under any of the Finance Documents.
"Insolvent" means that a person:

r0t75
(a) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due;
(b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or
(c) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant
bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its centre of main interest as such term is understood pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 134612000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended).
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement to be made between the Bond Trustee (as bond trustee and security agent for the Bonds), Nordic Trustee AS as bond trustee and security agent for all Permitted Additional Bond Issues, the Issuer and each Group Company, the main terms of which are set out in Schedule 3 Qntercreditor Principles).
"Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period, the first Írterest
Payment Date being 16 May 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity
Date.
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day
Convention, the period between 16 May and 16 November each year, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
"Interest Rate" means 7.50 percentage points per annum.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for the quarterly period ending on each Quarter Date,
prepared in accordance with GA!AI'.
"Intra-Group Claim" means any monetary claim exceeding USD 100,000 owing by one Group Company to another Group Company (other than short term loans under a cash pool arrangement with a bank or financial institution).
"ISn{" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of
the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 16 November 2017.
"Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer, any Shareholder or any person over whom the Issuer or any Shareholder has Decisive Influence.
"Leverage Ratio" means a ratio, in each case on the relevant Calculation Date, of Total Net DCbt tO EBITDA.
"Licence Mortgages" means the first priority Norwegian law mortgage over the Issuer's
interest in the Existing Licenses.

lu15
"Liquidity" means the aggregate book value of the Issuer's freely available and unrestricted cash in hand and cash deposits (for the avoidance of doubt, including cash deposits on the
Issuer's Pledged Accounts, but excluding cash deposits on the Escrow Account, the Qualified Pledged Account and any Exempted Account).
"Management Statements" means the statement of the Tax Shelter Ratio or the Capital
Employed Ratio and the Leverage Ratio (as relevant in each case by reference to the Issuer's election under Clause 13.I2 (Financíal Covenants)) as at the relevant Calculation Date.
"Managers" means ABG Sundal Collier ASA and Pareto Securities AS.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means:
(a) any Significant Asset Disposal Event;
(b) a Significant Total Loss Event;
(c) a Conditions Precedent Long Stop Date Event;
(d) an Additional Yme Interest Long Stop Date Event; or
(e) Yme PDO Long Stop Date Event,
provided that:
(a) no event shall constitute a Mandatory Prepayment Event if a waiver thereof has been
resolved by a simple majority of the Voting Bonds in a Bondholders'Meeting; and
(b) no Termination Event shall constitute a Mandatory Prepayment Event.
"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance which has a material adverse
effect on:
(a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a
whole,
(b) any Obligors' ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the
Finance Documents; or
(c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 16 November 2020, adjusted according to the Business Day
Convention.
"Maximum Issue Amount" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1
(Amount, denomination, ISIN and tenor).
"Minor Asset Disposal Event" means one or more reductions in any Group Company's direct or indirect ownership interest from time to time in any Hydrocarbon Asset(s) and

12175
which is not (a) a Significant Asset Disposal Event or (b) a farm-out transaction for any Hydrocarbon Asset and where the consideration received is the obligation of the other party
to carry or cover a portion of the costs on that Hydrocarbon Asset.
"Minor Total Loss Event" means the occurrence of one or more actual or constructive total loss of any Hydrocarbon Assets (or related assets such as production units, installations and
infrastructure) other than the Yme Licences.
"New Account" means any Pledged Account opened or acquired by any Group Company
after the date of these Bond Terms.
"New Group Company" means any company which becomes (through incorporation,
acquisition or otherwise) a Group Company of the Issuer after the date of these Bond Terms.
"New Hydrocarbon Asset" means any new or increased ownership interest in any
Hydrocarbon Asset acquired by any Group Company.
"Nominal Amount" means the lnitial Nominal Amount less the aggregate amount by which
each Bond has been partially redeemed pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase of
Bonds).
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantors.
"Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds issued in accordance with these Bond Terms to the extent not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by the Issuer under any of the
Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
"Permitted Additional Bond Issue" means the issuing of Additional Bonds, provided that following conditions have been satisfied:
(a) the Additional Bonds are govemed by Norwegian law;
(b) Nordic Trustee AS is appointed as bond trustee and security trustee for the
bondholders;
(c) no Event of Default is continuing at the date of issue of the Additional Bonds;
(d) the purpose of the Additional Bonds is to directly or indirectly finance the Issuer's
acquisition of Hydrocarbon Assets or to finance costs related to any Hydrocarbon
Assets (including costs on the Yme Licences, but only such costs which relate to an

t3/75
ownership interest in the Yme Licences above 10 per cent. (if the Yme Transaction has not completed) or above 15 per cent. (if the Yme Transaction has completed));
(e) the yield (calculated by reference to discount rate and interest rate) to maturity on the
Additional Bonds does not exceed 11 per cent. per annum.;
(Ð the final maturity of the Additional Bonds does not occur earlier than 30 days after the
Maturity Date and the Additional Bonds are not subject to any scheduled amortisation or redemption occurring earlier than 30 days after the Maturity Date;
(g) an Intercreditor Agreement has been entered into with respect to the Additional Bonds
and the Bonds; and
(h) the Issuer has confrmed in writing to the Bond Trustee that each of the conditions
above have been satisfied and the Bond Trustee has received such supporting
documents and evidence thereof as the Bond Trustee has requested.
"Permitted Exploration tr'inancing" means any exploration financing affangement provided
by commercial banks on ordinary terms customary for such arrangements and whereby,
under the terms thereof, the amount of Financial Indebtedness made available thereunder is set by reference to (and shall not exceed the tax value of the amount of) the Issuer's costs
eligible for annual tax refund under the Norwegian Petroleum Tax Act of 13 June 1975
Section 3(c).
"Permitted Exploration Financing Security" means Security over a Group Company's Tax Refund Claims and the Tax Refund Claims Account to the extent the same secures Permitted Exploration Financing not qualifying as Acquired Financial Indebtedness, but only (i), with respect to both the Tax Refund Claims and the Tax Refund Claims Account, for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or any commitment to lend is in force under the Permitted Exploration Financing and (ii) with respect to the relevant Tax Refund Claims Account, the only funds deposited thereon are (a) prefunded interest costs for the Permitted Exploration Financing, (b) the proceeds of amounts received in payment of any Tax Refund Claims which has been the subject of Permitted Exploration Financing Security and (c) accrued interest on
(a) and/or (b).
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) Financial Indebtedness arising under the Finance Documents;
(b) any Acquired Financial Indebtedness, provided that such Financial Indebtedness (other
than Financial Indebtedness falling within the provisions of paragraphs (c) and (f¡ to (i) below) is repaid or otherwise settled in fulI (i) within 60 days after the date New Group
Company became a Group Company or, if earlier, (ii) prior to completing any merger
or other combination of the operations or assets of the New Group Company and any other Group Company;
(c) any unsecured and un-guaranteed intra-group loans between two Group Companies
(excluding any Group Company which is owing Acquired Financial Indebtedness);

t4t7s
(d) any Financial Indebtedness incurred under a Subordinated Loan or a Subordinated
Shareholder Loan;
(e) any Financial lndebtedness incurred under a Permitted Additional Bond Issue;
(Ð any Financial Indebtedness in relation to letters of credits and/or similar guarantees,
Ihat are:
(Ð incurred during the ordinary course of the relevant Group Company's petroleum
activities; and/or
(iÐ required under any applicable law;
(g) any Financial Indebtedness under finance or capital lease of vehicles, equipment,
computers, production, storage and export facilities or other relevant assets incurred in the ordinary course ofbusiness;
(h) any Financial Indebtedness incurred under any Permitted Exploration Financing up to
an amount of NOK 300,000,000 (the "Threshold Amount"), provided that:
(Ð the Threshold Amount may be exceeded if this is caused by any transaction
whereby Financial Indebtedness of a New Group Company becomes Acquired Financial Indebtedness and such Acquired Financial Indebtedness qualifies as
Permitted Exploration Financing; and
(iÐ if, at any time, the Threshold Amount is exceeded due to the events described in paragraph (i) above, no further Financial Indebtedness under Permitted
Exploration Financing may be incurred until the total amount of Financial
Indebtedness being Permitted Exploration Financing comes below the Threshold
amount and no subsequent incurrence thereof shall be made in excess of the
Threshold Amount;
(Ð any Financial Indebtedness under any Permitted Hedging.
"Permitted tr'inancial Support" means:
(a) Financial Support granted in cor¡rection with the Initial Bond Issue and the Tap Issue;
(b) Financial Support in the form of Norwegian law on-demand guarantees granted by a
Guarantor as security for a Permitted Additional Bond Issue; and
(c) any intra-group loans between two Group Companies (excluding any Group Company
which is owing any Acquired Financial lndebtedness).
"Permitted Hedging" means non-speculative hedging of currency and commodity risks,
provided that such hedging shall be limited to the purchase of put options or collars.

15115
"Permitted Security" means :
(a) security granted in relation to Permitted Financial Indebtedness referred to in
paragraph (a) of the definition of Permitted Financial Indebtedness;
(b) security granted in relation to Acquired Financial Indebtedness, provided that such Security (i) was granted prior to the New Group Company becoming a Group
Company, (ii) is limited to Security over the assets of the New Group Company and (iii) is fully and unconditionally released, discharged and de-registered immediately
after the repayment or settlement of the Acquired Financial Indebtedness;
(c) security granted in relation to Permitted Financial Indebtedness referred to in
paragraph (e) of the definition of Permitted Financial Indebtedness, provided that such Security is only taken over assets over which Security has been, or according to the
terms hereof will be, taken under the Transaction Security Documents for the Bonds
and the Permitted Additional Bond Issue (other than in relation to any escrow account which only contain the proceeds of the relevant Permitted Additional Bond Issue);
(d) security granted in relation to Permitted Financial Indebtedness referred to in
paragraph (f)(i) of the definition of Permitted Financial Indebtedness, provided that
such Security shall only be in the form ofcash deposits or Security over cash deposits (other than cash deposits on any Accounts);
(e) with respect to any Permitted Financial Indebtedness referred to in paragraph (g) of the
definition of Permitted Financial Indebtedness, Security over the assets financed by the finance or capital lease;
(Ð with respect to any Permitted Exploration Financing (not being Acquired Financial
Indebtedness), Permitted Exploration Financing Security;
(g) any lien arising by operation of law in the ordinary cor¡rse of business;
(h) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer or any other Group
Company (as the case may be) (i) in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements
for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of the Issuer (if applicable) or
(ii) under any Permitted Hedging; and
(Ð any Security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale
arrangement or anangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to the Issuer or any other Group Company (as the case may be) in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by the Issuer.
"Pledged zlccount" means each bank account held in the name of each Group Company from time to time (other than the Escrow Account, a Qualified Pledged Account and each Exempted Account). Each Pledged Account shall be pledged on first priority as security for the Obligors' obligations under the Finance Documents. No Pledged Account shall be
blocked, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

16175
"Project Documents" means, in relation to each Hydrocarbon Asset
(a) each joint operating agreement anð/or unitization and unit operating agreement;
(b) each agreement related to the transportation, processing and/or storage ofproduction;
(c) each agreement for the sale or marketing of production;
(d) each agreement (other than the agreements set forth in items (a) to (c) above) related thereto, including any decommissioning security agreement, any tariff and offtake agreement, pipeline transmission agreement, drilling agreement, equipment supply
agreement, installation and/or supply contract or maintenance and management
agreement (in each case available to the relevant Group Company);
(e) any authorization required for the lawful construction, exploitation, development or
operation of that Hydrocarbon Asset or the production, transportation or sale of
production therefrom;
(Ð any development plan with all required approvals from any relevant operating
committee and any relevant governmental or other regulatory authority relating to that Hydrocarbon Asset;
(g) the Yme SPA and any other document relating to the acquisition by the Issuer or any
relevant Group Company of any interest in any Hydrocarbon Asset or of any entity
holding the interest in such Hydrocarbon Asset;
(h) each present and future contract or policy of insurance in respect of the Project which
the Issuer and/or any relevant Group Company has or may from time to time have an interest; and
(Ð any other document designated as such by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
"Project Proceeds" means any income, payments, earnings or receivables of any kind
(including any payments with respect to tax, tax refunds or tax credits (except for Exempted Tax Refund Claims) and insurance proceeds in respect of physical losses (excluding any insurance proceeds relating to third party losses or losses incurred in respect of environmental incidents and where such insurance proceeds are paid directly to third parties)) directly or
indirectly deriving from or related to the Projects (including proceeds from sale of any
ownership interest in any Hydrocarbon Asset(s)).
"Projects" means the development and operation (either as licensee or operator) of the
Hydrocarbon Assets owned by the Issuer or any other Group Company (as the case may be), as well as the ownership and operation of the hydrocarbon production and transport facilities and infrastructure associated therewith.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory
repurchase due to a Put Option Event).

t7t75
"Put Option Amount" means:
(a) with respect to a Minor Asset Disposal Event: the post-tax consideration received or
receivable by the relevant Group Company in each transaction constituting a Minor
Asset Disposal;
(b) with respect to a Share Disposal Event: the post-tax consideration received or
receivable by the relevant Group Company in each transaction constituting a Share
Disposal Event; and
(c) with respect to a Minor Total Loss Event: the higher of (i) the reduction in fair market
value of the relevant Group Company's ownership interest in the relevant Hydrocarbon
Asset due to the Put Option Event and (ii) the post-tax (if applicable) amount of
insurance proceeds received by the relevant Group Company within 210 days after the occurrence of the Minor Total Loss Event.
"Put Option Event" means:
(a) a Minor Asset Disposal Event;
(b) a Share Disposal Event;
(c) a Minor Total Loss Event; or
(d) a Change of Control Event,
provided that:
(a) the events listed in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall only constitute a Put Option Event
if the applicable Put Option Amount exceed the Put Option Th¡eshold Amount during
any Calculation Period; and
(b) no event shall constitute a Put Option Event if a waiver thereof has been resolved by
simple majority of the Voting Bonds in a Bondholders'Meeting.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause I0.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Threshold Amount" means USD 10,000,000.
"Qualified Pledged Account" means a dedicated bank account held in the name of Issuer and designated as a "Qualified Pledged Account" by notice from the Issuer to the Bond Trustee. If the Issuer establishes a Qualified Pledged Account, the Issuer shall ensure that the Qualified Pledged Account shall, prior to transferring any amounts to such account, be pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Obligors' obligations under the
Finance Documents.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December

18t75
"Release Notice" means a release notice substantially in the form as set out in Schedule 2
hereto.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway
"Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the
Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time;
(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the
immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being
held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and
(c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution:
(Ð the date falling 3 Business Days after the Summons have been published; or
(iÐ if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached
prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the
immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
"Relevant Period" means a period of twelve months ending on the relevant Calculation Date.
"Repayment Date" means any Call Option Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, the Tax Event Repayment Date or the Maturity Date.
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the
Obligors under the Finance Documents.
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent and the Bond Trustee on behalf of itself and the Bondholders.
"Securities Trading Act" means the Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 of the Relevant
Jurisdiction.
"security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee or any successor Security Agent, acting for and on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with any Security Agent Agreement or any other Finance Document.
"Security Agent Agreement" means any agreement whereby the Security Agent is appointed to act as such in the interest of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).

t9/75
"Seller" means Repsol Norge AS (registration number 993 787 787).
"Signifïcant Asset Disposal Event" means any reduction in the Issuer's direct or indirect ownership interest from time to time in any of the Yme Licences.
"Significant Total Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of any of the Yme Licences (or related assets such as production units, installations and infrastructure).
"Share Disposal Event" means one or more reductions in any Group Company's
shareholding from time to time in any other Group Company that either owns a Hydrocarbon Asset or which has accumulated a Tax Credit position.
"Shareholder" means any person or company (or otherwise) which directly or indirectly
owns any shares in the Issuer.
"Schedule" means each of the schedules to these Bond Terms
"Subordinated Loan" means debt financing that:
(a) is provided to the Issuer by any person(s) or entities (the "Subordinated Lenders")
which are not (i) a Group Company or (ii) Shareholders that separately or collectively
own more than 30 per cent. of the issued share capital of the Issuer;
(b) falls due after the Maturity Date and contains no scheduled amortization; and
(c) is subject to the terms of a subordination agreement between the Issuer, the Bond
Trustee (as agent for and on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Subordinated Lenders on terms satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, such terms to include provisions whereby
the Subordinated Loan is fully subordinated to the Bonds and where no (i) principal may be paid, repaid, re-purchased, netted, set off, reduced through the payment of other amounts or settled in kind, (ii) no payments of interest, fees, premia or other amounts may be paid to the extent such payments would result in a yield per annum exceeding 13 per cent. and (iii) acceleration or declaration of default may occur, in each case prior to all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents have been
repaid in full.
"Subordinated Shareholder Loan" means debt financing that:
(a) is provided to the Issuer by a Shareholder; and
(b) is subject to the terms of a subordination agreement between the Issuer, the Bond
Trustee (as agent for and on behalf of the Bondholders) and the relevant lender(s) on terms satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, such terms to include provisions whereby the Subordinated Shareholder Loan is fully subordinated to the Bonds and where no (i)
principal may be paid, repaid, re-purchased, netted, set ofl reduced through the
payment of other amounts or settled in kind, (ii) no payments of interest, fees, premia or other amounts may be paid to the lenders, and (iii) acceleration or declaration of

20t75
default may not occur, in each case prior to all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents have been repaid in fuIl.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case
may be.
"Tax Credit" means the tax value of unused losses brought forward for tax purposes and which is paid out from the Norwegian state following a company's cessation of business
subject to petroleum taxation, currently provided for under the Norwegian Petroleum
Taxation Act of 13 June 1975 Section 3 (c) fourth paragraph.
"Tap Issue" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 (Amount,
denomination, ISIN and tenor).
"Tap Issue Bonds" means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue.
"Tap Issue Addendum" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1
(Amount, denomination, ISIN and tenor).
"Tax Event Repayment I)ate" means the date set out in a notice from the Issuer to the
Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Early redemption option due to a tax event).
"Tax Refund Claims" means a monetary claim against the Norwegian government for a refund of the tax value of eligible exploration costs etc., currently provided for under the Norwegian Petroleum Taxation Act of 13 June 1975 Section 3 (c).
"Tax Refund Claims Account" means a bank account opened and maintained by the Issuer to which, under the terms of a Permitted Exploration Financing, the Issuer's Tax Refund Claims shall be paid into.
"Tax Shelter Ratio" means a ratio calculated by dividing A with B, and where:
(a) A is the aggregate of the Issuer's tax balances, the Issuer's tax loss carry-forward and
the balance on the Escrow Account; and
(b) B is the Total Debt less the balance on the Qualified Pledged Account.
"Termination Event" means, with respect to any Hydrocarbon Asset, the handing back, revocation, termination or cancellation of that Hydrocarbon Asset and the rights associated
therewith.
"Total Debt" means, at the relevant Calculation Date, the aggregate amount of all obligations of each Group Company for or in respect of Financial lndebtedness at that time, adjusted by:
(a) in case of finance leases, only including the capitalised value thereof:
(b) excluding any such obligations to any other Group Company;

2u75
(c) excluding the amount of any such obligation under a Permitted Exploration Financing
that does not exceed the amount of the Tax Refund Claims of the relevant Group
Company;
(d) excluding amounts owing in respect of leases or other hire contracts which would, in
accordance with GAAP (as at the Settlement Date), be treated as operating leases; and
(e) excluding the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity under
(h) in the definition of Financial Indebtedness to the extent the primary obligation is accounted for in (a) to (g) in the definition of Financial Indebtedness and excluding
any other double counting.
"Total Net Debt" means, at the relevant Calculation Date:
(a) the amount of Total Debt; less
(b) the aggregate amount of freely available and unrestricted cash and bank deposits held
by any Group Company at that time (Pledged Accounts and the Qualified Pledged Account are for this purpose, provided that no Event of Default is continuing, deemed to contain freely available and unrestricted cash deposits), provided in each case that, in case of a Tap Issue or if any Group Company has cash on account which is funded by a Permitted Exploration Financing, the net amount of the Tap Issue proceeds retained by a Group Company (after deducting any amount thereof being used in a Hydrocarbon Assets Acquisition) and the amount on account that is funded by a
Permitted Exploration Financing shall be excluded from the calculation in this
paragraph (b).
"Transaction Security" means the Security created or expressed to be created in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Transaction Security
Documents.
"Transaction Security Documents" means, collectively, the Initial Transaction Security Documents and the Additional Transaction Security Documents.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one of those Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 15.5 (llritten Resolutions).
"Yme Additional Costs" means Yme Development Costs not funded by the Initial Bond
Issue.
"Yme Development Costs" means the costs and expenses for the development of the Yme Licences up to the First Oil Date.
"Yme Licences" means PL 316 and PL 3168

22t75

"Yme PDO Long Stop Date Event" means a new plan for the development and operation
(No. plan for utvikling og drift) of the Yme Licences have not been approved by the relevant
Norwegian authorities within 30 June 2018.
"Yme SPA" means the sale and purchase agreement for the acquisition of the Additional Yme Interest dated 12 October 2017 and made between the Seller as seller and the Issuer as
buyer (as subsequently amended and modified).
"Yme Transaction" means the Issuer's acquisition of the Additional Yme Interest in
accordance with the Yme SPA.

1.2 Construction Lr these Bond Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease ofreference only;

(b) words denoting the singular nurnber will include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of these Bond Terms;

(d) references to a time are references to Central European time unless otherwise stated;

(e) references to a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or re-
enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;

(Ð references to a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or
guideline by any official body;

(g) references to a "person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated
organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other
entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality;

(h) references to Bonds being "redeemed" means that such Bonds are cancelled and
discharged in the CSD in a corresponding amount, and that any amounts so redeemed may not be subsequently re-issued under these Bond Terms;

(Ð references to Bonds being "purchased" or "repurchased" by the Issuer means that

ll.l such Bonds may be dealt with by the Issuer as set out in Clause

Qssuer's purchase

of Bonds).

û) references to persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant
provisions of the Securities Trading Act; and
(k) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.

23t7s

2. THE BONDS

2.1

Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds

(a) The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of

USD 150,000,000 (the "Maximum Issue Amount"). The Bonds may be issued on
different issue dates and the Initial Bond Issue will be in the amount of

USD 120,000,000. The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in Clause 6.3

(Tap Issues) are met, at one or more occasions issue Tap Issue Bonds (each a "Tap

Issue") in the minimum amount of USD 10,000,000 until the Nominal Amount of all

Tap Issue Bonds equals in aggregate the Maximum Issue Amount less the Initial Bond

Issue. Each Tap Issue will be subject to identical terms as the Bonds issued pursuant to

the Initial Bond Issue in all respects as set out in these Bond Terms, except that Tap

Issue Bonds may be issued at a different price than for the Initial Bond Issue and which

may be below or above the Nominal Amount provided that the yield (calculated by the

sum of the discount rate and the interest rate) to Maturity Date on any Tap Issue Bonds

may not exceed 11 per cent. per annum. The Bond Trustee shall prepare an addendum
to these Bond Terms evidencing the terms of each Tap Issue (a "Tap Issue

Addendum").

(b) The Bonds are denominated in US Dollars (USD), being the legal currency of the
United States of America.

(c) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is USD 1.00.

(d) The ISIN of the Bonds is NO 0010810062. All Bonds issued under the same ISIN will
have identical terms and conditions as set out in these Bond Terms.

2.2

Tenor of the Bonds

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity

Date.

2.3

Use of proceeds

(a) The net proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue shall be employed as follows:

(Ð to fund the Issuer's part of the Yme Development Costs; and

(iÐ after the First Oil Date for the Yme Licences, towards costs and expenses related
to Hydrocarbon Assets.

(b) The net proceeds from any Tap Issue(s) shall be employed as follows:

(Ð to finance Hydrocarbon Assets Acquisitions;

(iÐ to finance Yme Additional Costs; and/or

(iiÐ to finance the Hydrocarbon Asset Development Costs,

24t75

in each case as notified by the Issuer in the final marketing material for the relevant
Tap Issue and which has been submitted to the Bond Trustee.

2.4

Status of the Bonds

The Bonds and each other payment obligation under or in relation to the Finance Documents
shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer and each relevant Obligor, and shall be secured on a first priority basis in certain assets of the Obligors as set out in these Bond
Terms, and otherwise rank at least pari passu with the claims of the Obligors' other unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. All
payment obligations under or in relation to the Finance Documents shall rank ahead of any

subordinated capital.

2.5 Initial Transaction Security
(a) As Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer
shall procure that the following Transaction Security is granted in favour of the
þr Security Agent with first priority within the times agreed in Clause 6 (Conditions
disbursement):
(Ð the Escrow Account Pledge;
(ii) the Licence Mortgages;
(iiÐ the Assignment of Insurances;
(iv) the Assignment of Tax Refund;
(v) the Assignment of the Yme SPA;
(vi) the Factoring Charge; and

(vii) the Accounts Pledges.
(b) The Transaction Security and the Intercreditor Agreement shall be entered into on such
terms and conditions as the Bond Trustee in its discretion deems appropriate in order to create the intended benefit for the Secured Parties under the relevant document.

2.6 Additional Transaction Security
(a) If any Group Company acquires any New Hydrocarbon Asset, the Issuer shall
promptly notiff the Bond Trustee thereof in writing and procure that the relevant Group Company will, as soon as reasonably possible and in any event within 30 days
of the completion of the relevant transaction, provide Security, on terms substantially
identical to the relevant Initial Transaction Security Documents entered into in
accordance with Clause 2.5 (Initial Transaction Security), perfected with first priority
over:
(Ð the New Hydrocarbon Asset;

2st75
(iÐ all monetary claims under or with respect to any assignable insurances required
to be taken out in respect of the New Hydrocarbon Asset, but excluding any construction insurance with respect to Hydrocarbon Assets taken out by an
operator; and
(iiÐ all monetary claims under the sale and purchase agreement and/or similar
transaction document related to the acquisition of the New Hydrocarbon Asset.
(b) If any company becomes New Group Company, the Issuer shall promptly procure that,
as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days of the New Group Company becoming a Group Company (in each case to the extent permitted by applicable
financial assistance restrictions and similar restrictions), the Issuer or the New Group Company (as the case may be) shall:
(Ð become a Guarantor by providing a Guarantee;
(iÐ provide Security, on terms substantially identical to the relevant Initial
Transaction Security Documents entered into in accordance with Clause 2.5
(Initial Transaction Security) (or in case of (A) below or with respect to nonNorwegian companies or non-Norwegian assets, on terms satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), perfected with first priority over:
(A) the entire share capital of the New Group Company; and
(B) the following assets of the New Group Company:
f . its ownership interests in Hydrocarbon Assets (and, if relevant,
related assets and agreements);
2. its monetary claims under or with respect to any assignable
insurances required to be taken out hereunder, but excluding any construction insurance with respect to Hydrocarbon Assets taken out
by an operator;
3. its Tax Refund Claims (other than Exempted Tax Refund Claims);
4. its accounts receivable; and
5. its bank accounts (except for Exempted Accounts) and the amount
from time to time standing to the credit of the New Group Company in such accounts,
provided that the requirement to provide the Guarantee and Security (other than
the Security in (ii)(A) above) listed above and the start of the 30 days
completion period in respect thereof, shall be suspended for as long as (but for no longer than) the completion thereof is restricted and would trigger a default
under the terms of any Acquired Financial Indebtedness and the suspension

26t7s
shall end on the date the Acquired Financial Indebtedness is repaid or otherwise settled.
(c) If an Intra-Group Claim is or will become owing by one Group Company to another
Group Company, the Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee thereof in writing as soon as possible and in any event before the Intra-Group Claim becomes outstanding and the Issuer shall, and shall procure that the relevant Group Company will, promptly grant
and perfect a first priority security assignment, on terms satisfactory to the Bond
Trustee, of all monetary claims with respect to that Intra-Group Claim.
(d) If any Group Company opens or acquires a New Account, the Issuer shall promptly
notify the Bond Trustee thereof in writing and procure that the relevant Group
Company will, as soon as reasonably possible and in any event within 30 days of the
completion of the relevant transaction, provide Security perfected with first priority, on
terms substantially identical to the relevant Initial Transaction Security Document
entered into in accordance with Clause 2.5 (Initial Transaction Security), over the New Account and the amounts from time to time standing to the credit of the relevant Group
Company.
(e) If the Issuer establishes an additional Escrow Account in NOK, the Issuer shall ensure
that such Escrow Account shall, prior to transferring any amounts to such account, be pledged on first priority and blocked so that no withdrawals can be made from such account without the Bond Trustee's prior written consent, and the Account Bank shall waive any set-off rights to such account.
(Ð lf, at any time, Norwegian law permits taking Security over the Tax Credit, the Issuer
shall, and shall procure that each Group Company will, promptly notify the Bond
Trustee in writing thereof and grant and perfect a first priority security assignment over the Tax Credit (unless such Tax Credit is an Exempted Tax Refund Claim), on terms satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
(g) The Issuer shall ensure that all monetary claims under or with respect to any insurances
required to be taken out hereunder (as renewed, extended or replaced from time to time), but excluding any construction insurance with respect to Hydrocarbon Assets taken out by an operator, at all times are subject to Transaction Security perfected with first priority, on terms substantially identical to the relevant Íritial Transaction Security Document entered into in accordance with Clause 2.5 (Initial Transaction Security).
(h) If, at any time, the Tax Refund Claims of the Issuer is no longer Exempted Tax Refund
Claims, the Issuer shall promptly notiff the Bond Trustee in writing thereof and
promptly procure that such Tax Refund Claims become subject to Transaction Security
perfected with first priority, on terms substantially identical to the relevant Initial Transaction Security Document entered into in accordance with Clause 2.5 (Initial
Trønsaction Security).
(Ð The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each Group Company will, promptly provide
such documents and evidence as the Bond Trustee shall require with respect to any
relevant Group Company and any asset over which Security is or will be taken,

27t75

including constitutional documents, corporate authorizations, goveÍrmental and other approvals, copies ofrelevant share and purchase agreements, due diligence reports and evidence of ownership. The Bond Trustee may, at the cost of the Issuer, require legal opinions to be issued.

2.7

Security Release

(a) The Bond Trustee shall, at the cost and request of the Issuer, release the Transaction
Security over any asset which is directly (in case of an asset (other than shares)

disposal) or indirectly (in case ofa share disposal) disposed of, handed back, revoked,
terminated or cancelled provided that such disposal, handing back, revocation,

termination or cancellation is permitted under the terms of these Bond Terms and the
Issuer has or will satis$' all conditions for such disposal, handing back, revocation,

termination or cancellation to be permitted. In case of a permitted disposal of all shares

in a Group Company, such Group Company shall be released from its obligations as a

Guarantor.

(b) The Bond Trustee shall, at the cost and request of the Issuer, release Transaction
Security over Tax Refund Claims that has or will become Exempted Tax Refund
Claims, provided that such release shall, as far as practically possible, not be done
earlier than substantially simultaneously with the Tax Refund Claims becoming
Exempted Tax Refund Claims.

(c) The Bond Trustee may enter into closing/settlement and/or release agreements and
arrangements with respect to any release of Transaction Security which are, in each case, in line with market practise or which is otherwise satisfactory to the Bond
Trustee.

3. THE BONDHOLDERS

3.1

Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders

(a) Upon registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Bondholders shall be bound by the

terms and conditions of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document without

any further action or formality being required to be taken or satisfied.

(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the
Bondholders.

3.2 Limitation of rights of action
(a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency
procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any
of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the
Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.
(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the
Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form

28t7s

and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights andlor carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

3.3 Bondholders' rights
(a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise
any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the
Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction
to be the beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one
or more powers of attomey to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall
only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or similar evidence of
authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent
from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

4.

ADMISSION TO LISTING

The Issuer has applied, or shall within 6 months of the Issue Date apply, for the Bonds to be admitted to listing on the Exchange and the Issuer shall use its best efforts in ensuring the Bonds are listed on the Exchange within 3 months after the first application was made.

f,.

REGISTRATION OF' THE BONDS

5.1

Registration in the CSD

The Bonds shall be registered in dematerialised form in the CSD according to the relevant

securities registration legislation and the requirements of the CSD.

5.2

Obligation to ensure correct registration

The Issuer will at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall immediately upon any amendment or variation of these Bond Terms give notice to the

CSD of any such amendment or variation.

5.3
6. 6.1

Country of issuance
The Bonds have not been issued under any other country's legislation than that of the
Relevant Jurisdiction. Save for the registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Issuer is under no obligation to register, or cause the registration of, the Bonds in any other registry or under any other legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
CONDITIONS F'ORDISBT]RSEMENT
Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Escrow Account Payment of the proceeds (net of legal costs, fees of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) from the issuance of the Bonds into the Escrow
Account shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received in due time (as determined

29/75

by the Bond Trustee) prior to the Issue Date each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(a) these Bond Terms duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of the issuance of the Bonds and the use ofthe proceeds thereof;

(c) the Bond Trustee Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;

(d) certified copies ofthe cefificate ofregistration and articles ofassociation ofthe Issuer;
(e) certified copies ofall corporate resolutions ofthe Issuer required for the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute Bond Terms, the Escrow Account Pledge and all other Finance
Documents to be entered into pursuant to this Clause 6.1;
(Ð a certified copy of a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their
execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;
(g) confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the CSD;
(h) confirmation that the applicable prospectus requirements (ref the EU prospectus
directive (2003171EC)) conceming the issuance of the Bonds have been fulfilled;
(Ð evidence that the Escrow Account has been established;
0) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed by all parties thereto and perfected in
accordance with applicable law (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements
and consents from the Account Bank);
(k) copies of any written documentation used in marketing the Bonds or made public by
the Issuer or any Manager in connection with the issuance of the Bonds;
(1) copies of the Issuer's latest Financial Reports (if any);
(m) a copy of the Yme SPA;
(n) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee in respect of the Bond Terms and the Escrow Account having been received in form and substance
satisfactory to the Bond Trustee; and
(o) any other document, evidence or action reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee.

6.2

Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer

(a) The initial disbursement of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds from the

Escrow Agreement to the Issuer shall be subject to the Bond Trustee having received

30t75
or being satisfied that it will receive in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to the initial disbursement to the Issuer each of the following evidence or
documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(Ð evidence that at least one Pledged Account has been established;
(iÐ copy of a written consent from the Norwegian Ministry of Petroleum and Energy
to the Licence Mortgages;
(iiÐ satisfactory documentation evidencing that all insurances required to be taken
out hereunder are in full force and effect, including copies of cover notes and a
broker's letter of undertaking (or similar documents) from the relevant insurance broker(s);
(iv) confirmation from the Issuer that it has no Financial Indebtedness outstanding
nor has granted no Security or Financial Support (other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness, Permitted Security and Permitted Financial Support and otherwise as expressly permitted under the Finance Documents);
(v) certified copies ofall corporate resolutions ofthe Issuer required for the Issuer to
issue the Bonds and execute all the Finance Documents to which it is a party
(unless covered by the resolutions delivered pursuant to Clause 6.1(e);
(vi) a certified copy of a power of attomey from the Issuer to relevant individuals for
their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from
the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals'
authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;
(vii) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee in respect of the
Initial Transaction Security Documents and any other Finance Documents have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;
(viii) the Initial Transaction Security Documents (other than the Escrow Account
Pledge) duly executed by all parties thereto and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Transaction Security (or satisfactory evidence that they will
be executed and perfected in connection with (and simultaneously with) the
release of the funds from the Escrow Account);
(i") a duly executed subordination agreement for any existing Permitted Financial
Indebtedness as of the Issue Date where a subordination agreement is required for such Financial Úrdebtedness to be permitted hereunder;
(*) a duly executed Release Notice from the Issuer for the release from the Escrow Account of an amount not exceeding the aggregate amount of Yme
Development Costs to be financed thereby, as evidenced by copies of a joint interest billing or "cash calls" or other documents issued by the operator on the
Yme Licences in relation thereto;

3t/75
(xi) any other Finance Documents duly executed by all parties thereto; and
(xii) any other document, evidence or action reasonably requested by the Bond
Trustee.
(b) Any subsequent disbursement from the Escrow Account shall be subject to the Bond Trustee having received or being satisfied that it will receive in due time (as
determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to such subsequent disbursement to the Issuer each of the following evidence or documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(Ð evidence that any conditions precedent under Clause 6.I (Conditions precedent
for disbursement to the Escrow Account) and Clause 6.2(a) and which were temporarily waived by the Bond Trustee have been satisfied (unless such
waivers are extended by the Bond Trustee); and
(iÐ in respect of a release to fund Yme Development Costs, a duly executed Release
Notice from the Issuer for the release from the Escrow Account of an amount not exceeding the aggregate amount of Yme Development Costs to be financed thereby, as evidenced by copies ofajoint interest billing or "cash calls" or other
documents issued by the operator on the Yme Licences in relation thereto.
(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Bond Terms:
(Ð an amount equal to USD 40,000,000 shall be kept on the Escrow Account in
USD and shall not be released to the Issuer until the Yme Transaction has been completed and the Transaction Security over the Additional Yme Interest has been perfected, provided that such amount may be used to settle a mandatory prepayment resulting from the occürence of a the Additional Yme Interest Long Stop Date Event or, if relevant, the Conditions Precedent Long Stop Date Event;
and
(iÐ an amount equal to USD 60,000,000 (or the equivalent in NOK) shall be kept on
the Escrow Account and shall not be released to the Issuer until a new plan for
development and operation (No: plan for utvikling og drift) for the Yme
Licences has been approved by the relevant Norwegian authorities, provided that any such amount may be used to settle a mandatory prepayment resulting from the occurrence of the Yme PDO Long Stop Date Event,
and so that the requirements in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above are separate and
independent.

6.3

Tap Issues

(a) Payment of the proceeds (net of legal costs, fees of the Managers and the Bond Trustee

and any other agreed costs and expenses) from the issuance of the Tap Issue Bonds

into the Escrow Account shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received in

due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to the issue date of such Tap Issue

32t75
each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond
Trustee:
(Ð the Bond Trustee has executed a Tap Issue Addendum;
(iÐ the representations and warranties contained in Clause 7 (Representations and
Warrønties) of these Bond Terms are true and correct in all material respects and repeated by the Issuer as at the date ofissuance ofsuch Tap Issue Bonds;
(iiÐ certified copies ofthe certificate ofregistration and articles ofassociation ofthe
relevant Group Company;
(iv) certified copies of all corporate resolutions of the relevant Group Companies
required for the Issuer to issue the Tap Issue Bonds and for each relevant Group Company to execute all the Finance Documents to which it is a party and which shall be entered into pursuant to this Clause 6.3(a);
(v) a certified copy of a power of attomey from each relevant Group Company to
relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of that Group Company;
(vÐ evidence that the Escrow Account is still being maintained by the Issuer;
(vii) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee in respect of the
issuance of the Tap Issue Bonds having been received in form and substance
satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;
(viii) in respect of any Tap Issue to fund Yme Additional Costs, evidence that an
amount of new cash equity capital equal to 116 of the relevant amount of Yme Additional Costs has been paid in to the Issuer and has been registered as a share
capital increase in the Issuer with the Norwegian Business Register (No:
Foretalrsregisteret). For the purpose of this condition, a share capital increase is
"new" if it has been registered within 5 Business Days prior to the relevant
settlement date for such Tap Issue and is not done to satisfy the Issuer's
obligations under Clause 13.11(o) (New Equity);
(ix) confirmation from the Issuer that the yield (calculated by the sum of the discount
rate and the interest rate) to Maturity Date on the Tap Issue Bonds does not
exceed 11 per cent. per annum;
(x) confirmation from the Isssuer that proceeds of the Tap Issue shall be employed
in accordance with Clause 2.3(b); and
(^i) any other document, evidence or action reasonably requested by the Bond
Trustee may reasonably require.

33175
(b) Any proceeds from a Tap Issue to fund Hydrocarbon Asset Development Costs may
also be exchanged into NOK to meet such Hydrocarbon Asset Development Costs
commitments in NOK and transferred to an Escrow Account denominated in NOK.
(c) The disbursement of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Tap Issue Bonds to the
Issuer for the purpose of financing the relevant Group Company's Hydrocarbon Assets Acquisition shall be subject to the Bond Trustee having received or being satisfied that
it will receive in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to the
disbursement to the Issuer each of the following evidence or documents, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(Ð a duly executed Release Notice from the Issuer for the release from the Escrow
Account an amount, which, together with any amounts credited to the Pledged Accounts or otherwise immediately available to fund such acquisition, is equal to the cost of the Hydrocarbon Asset Acquisition, such costs to be evidenced by a copy ofthe relevant sale and purchase agteement;
(iÐ satisfactory documentation evidencing that all insurances required to be taken
out hereunder are in fuIl force and effect and extends to cover any assets,
operations, liabilities and contingencies covered or assumed by the Hydrocarbon
Assets Acquisition, including copies of cover notes and a broker's letter of
undertaking (or similar documents) from the relevant insurance broker(s);
(iiÐ certified copies ofthe certificate ofregistration and articles ofassociation ofthe relevant Group Companies (including companies that will become Group
Companies);
(i") certified copies of all corporate resolutions of the relevant Group Companies required for each relevant Group Company to execute all the Finance
Documents to which it is a party (unless covered by the resolutions delivered
pursuant to Clause 6.3(aXiv));
(") a certified copy of a power of attorney from each relevant Group Company to
relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of that Group Company;
(vi) the Guarantees and the Additional Transaction Security Documents (and for this
purpose disregarding the 30 day completion period) duly executed (or satisfactory evidence that they will be executed in connection with (and
simultaneously with) the release of the funds from the Escrow Account) by all
parties thereto and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the
Transaction Security (other than such security which reasonably cannot be perfected until the relevant Hydrocarbon Assets Acquisition has been completed and the Issuer has become the registered (if applicable) direct or indirect owner
of the relevant assets);

34t75
(vii) any other Finance Documents are in acceptable form and duly executed and
perfected (to the extent applicable);
(viii) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee in respect of the
Additional Transaction Security Documents and any other Finance Documents have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee; and
(ix) any other document, evidence or action reasonably requested by the Bond
Trustee.
(d) The disbursement of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Tap Issue Bonds to the
Issuer for the purpose of funding an Yme Additional Cost or a Hydrocarbon Asset Development Cost (prior to First Oil Date for the Yme Licences) shall be subject to the Bond Trustee having received or being satisfied that it will receive in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to the disbursement to the Issuer each of the following evidence or documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond
Trustee:
(Ð evidence ÍhaÍ any conditions precedent under Clause 6.3(a) above and which
were temporarily waived by the Bond Trustee have been satisfied (unless such waivers are extended by the Bond Trustee);
(iÐ with respect to Yme Additional Costs; a duly executed Release Notice from the
Issuer for the release from the Escrow Account an amount not exceeding 5/6 of the Yme Additional Costs to be financed thereby, as evidenced by copies of a joint interest billing, "cash calls" or other documents issued by the operator on
the relevant licences in relation thereto; and
(iiÐ with respect to Hydrocarbon Asset Development Cost a duly executed Release
Notice from the Issuer for the release from the Escrow Account an amount not exceeding the Hydrocarbon Asset Development Cost to be financed thereby, as evidenced by copies of a joint interest billing, "cash calls" or other documents issued by the operator on the relevant licences in relation thereto.
6.4 Bond Trustee's discretion and instructions
(a) The Bond Trustee, acting in its reasonable discretion, may waive the deadline or the
requirements for documentation set out in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for
disbursement to the Escrow Account), Clause 6.2 (Conditions precedent for
disbursement to the Issuer) and Clause 6.3 (Tap Issues\, or decide in its discretion that
delivery of certain documents as set out in this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for
disbursement to the Issuer), Clause 6.2 (Conditions precedentþr disbursement to the
Issuer) and Clause 6.3 (Tap Issues) shall be made subject to an agreed closing
procedure between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer.
(b) Disbursement of the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds (including any Tap Issue
Bonds) is conditional on the Bond Trustee's confirmation to the Paying Agent that the
conditions in Clause 6.I (Conditions precedentþr disbursement to the Issuer), Clause
þr 6.2 (Conditions precedent disbursement to the Issuer) or Clause 6.3 (Tap Issues), as

35t75

applicable, have been either satisfied in the Bond Trustee's discretion or waived by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.a@).

7

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 (Representations and warranties), inrespect of itself and in respect of each Obligor (if applicable) to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a) at the Issue Date;

(b) on each date of disbursement of proceeds from the Escrow Account; and

(c) at the date ofissuance ofany Tap Issue Bonds:

7.1 Information All information which has been presented to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable measures to
ensure the same:
(a) true and accurate in all material respects as at the date the relevant information is
expressed to be given; and
(b) does not omit any material information likely to affect the accuracy of the information
as regards the evaluation of the Bonds in any material respects unless subsequently disclosed to the Bond Trustee in writing or otherwise made publicly known.

7.2 No Event of Default
No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the issuance of the Bonds or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, these Bond Terms or the other
Finance Documents.

7.3

Transaction Security

The entry into of the Transaction Security Documents and the granting of the Transaction Security do not and will not conflict with:

(a) any law or regulation applicable to it or any other Obligor;

(b) its constitutional documents or those of any other Obligor; or

(c) any agreement or instrument binding upon it or any other Obligor.

8.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

8.1

Covenant to pay

(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee

and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms

of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond

36175

Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other
payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.
(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no
specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD.
(c) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the
Bondholders under these Bond Terms will be deemed to have been made to each
Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account
nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD. If
the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
(d) If a Payment Date or a date for other pa¡iments to the Bondholders pursuant to the
Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant curency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such
payment in the relevant Finance Document.

8.2 Default interest
(a) Default interest will accrue on any Overdue Amount from and including the Payment
Date on which it was first due to and excluding the date on which the payment is made at the Interest Rate plus an additional 3 per cent. per annum.
(b) Default interest accrued on any Overdue Amount pursuant to this Clause 8.2 (Default
interest) will be added to the Overdue Amount on each Írterest Payment Date until the Overdue Amount and default interest accrued thereon have been repaid in full.

8.3

Partial payments

(a) If the Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee receives a payment that is insufficient to

discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents (a "Partial

Payment"), such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the Issuer's debt under the

Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the Issuer in the

following order of priority:

(Ð firstly, towards any outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses of the Bond
Trustee (and any Security Agent);

(iÐ secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid; and

(iiÐ thirdly, towards any principal amount due but unpaid.

37t75

(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Parfial Payment which is distributed to the
Bondholders shall, subject to paragraph (c) below, be applied pro rata pursuant to the procedures of the CSD towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid and of any principal amount due but unpaid.
(c) A Bondholders' Meeting can only resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment
will be reduced if there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due,
however, the meeting may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a coffesponding reduction of principal.

8.4 Taxation
(a) The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable
law on any payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Issuer shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance
Documents:
(Ð gross up the amount of the payment due from the it up to such amount which is
necessary to ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal
to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been
required; and
(iÐ at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the
required tax deduction or withholding has been made.
(b) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by
the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

8.5

Currency

(a) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the

denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds). If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank

account connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD, any cash settlement may

be exchanged and credited to this bank account.

(b) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to
be cor¡rected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its account manager in the CSD) within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account ofthe Issuer for such delay.

38t75

8.6 Set-off and counterclaims
No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment
obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

Calculation of interest

(a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the lnterest Rate on the Nominal

Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the

Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date ofthe Interest Period.

(b) frterest will accrue on the Nominal Amount of any Tap Issue Bond for each Interest
Period starting with the Interest Period commencing on the Interest Payment Date immediately prior to the issuance of the Tap Issue Bonds (or, if the date of the issuance is not an Interest Payment Date and there is no Interest Payment Date prior to such date
of issuance, starting with the Interest Period commencing on the Issue Date).

(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months
of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days
elapsed (30 I 3 60 -days basis).

9.2

Payment of Interest

lnterest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period and, with respect to accrued interest on the principal amount then due and payable, on

each Repayment Date.

10. REDEMPTION AND REPT]RCHASE OF BONDS
10.1 Redemption of Bonds The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.

10.2 Voluntary early redemption - Call Option
(a) The Issuer may redeem all or parts of the Outstanding Bonds (the "Call Option") on
any Business Day from and including:
(Ð the Issue Date to, but not including, the lnterest Payment Date in November
2018 at a price equal to 107.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each
redeemed Bond value (plus accrued unpaid interest on the redeemed amount;
(iÐ the Interest Payment Date in November 2018 to, but not including, 16 February
2019 at a price equal to 105.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond value þlus accrued unpaid interest on redeemed amount);
(iiÐ 16 February 2019 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in May 2019
at a price equal to 104.375 per cent of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond value þlus accrued unpaid interest on redeemed amount);

39t75
(i") the Interest Payment Date in May 2019 to, but not including, the Interest
Payment Date in November 2019 at a price equal to 103.75 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond value (plus accrued unpaid interest
on redeemed amount);
(v) from the frterest Payment Date in November 2019 to, but not including, the
Interest Pa¡iment Date in lli4ay 2020 at a price equal to 102.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond value þlus accrued unpaid interest
on redeemed amount); and
(vi) from the Interest Payment Date in lll4ay 2020 to, but not including, the Maturity
Date at a price equal to 100.5 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each
redeemed Bond value þlus accrued unpaid interest on redeemed amount).
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based
upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee
and the Bondholders at least 10, but not more than 20, Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders
in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event
(a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the
"Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to:
(Ð in relation to a Minor Asset Disposal Event, a Share Disposal Event and a
Change of Control Event, 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(iÐ in relation to a Minor Total Loss Event, 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given
notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event or Mandatory Prepayment Event). Once
notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to
subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) The Issuer's obligation to redeem Bonds hereunder shall be limited to a number of
Bonds (allocated pro rata between Bondholders exercising the Put Option) with an aggregate Nominal Value equal to the Put Option Amount.
(d) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager
for the CSD, who will noti$ the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be (i) in relation to a Minor Asset Disposal Event and

40175
a Share Disposal Event, the 10ft Business Day afterthe end of the 30 calendar days
exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above, (ii) in relation to a Change of
Control Event, the 15ft Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise
period referred to in paragraph (b) above and (iii) in relation to a Minor Total Loss
Event, once the insurance proceeds (if any) are available to the relevant Group
Company, but in any event no later than2l} calendar days following the occurrence of
the Minor Total Loss Event.
(e) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent. of the Outstanding Bonds have been
repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the
price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its
intention to do so no later than2} calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15fl'calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Mandatory redemption due to a Mandatory Prepayment Event
(a) Upon the occurrence of a Significant Asset Disposal Event, the Issuer shall
immediately notify the Bond Trustee in writing thereof and, not later than 30 calendar days following such event, redeem all Outstanding Bonds at a redemption price equal to the applicable redemption price for Call Options pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Voluntary
early redernption - Call Option), as if such redemption had been done as an exercise of
the Call Option when the Significant Asset Disposal Event first occurred.
(b) Upon the occurrence of a Significant Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall immediately
notify the Bond Trustee in writing thereof and promptly once the insurance proceeds
(if any) are available to it, but in any event no later than 210 calendar days following
the occurrence of the Significant Total Loss Event, redeem all Outstanding Bonds at 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).
(c) Upon the occrxrence of the Conditions Precedent Long Stop Date Event or the Yme
PDO Long Stop Date Event, the Issuer shall immediately notifu the Bond Trustee in writing thereof and, not later than 30 calendar days following such event, redeem all Outstanding Bonds at a redemption price at 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount þlus
accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).
(d) Upon the occrurence of the Additional Yme Interest Long Stop Date Event, the Issuer
shall immediately notiff the Bond Trustee in writing thereof and, not later than 30
calendar days following such event, redeem Bonds equalling 1/3 of the amount of the Initial Bond Issue at a redemption price at 102 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus
accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).
(e) For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption prices in items (a) to (d) above shall be
determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date the redemption is carried out.

4l/75
(Ð Any funds standing to the credit of the Escrow Account at the date the redemption is
carried out may be used to redeem the Bonds if the redemption made under this Clause 10.4 þrovided that any insufficient balance on the Escrow Account shall not release
the Issuer from the obligation to redeem Bonds).
10.5 Early redemption option due to a tax event
If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4
(Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond
Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding
Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 20 Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
11. PI]RCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled
in the Issuer's sole discretion (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to
Clause 10.3 (Møndatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
tl.2 Restrictions
(a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable
local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee
shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each
Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and
regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may,
notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer
shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such
Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION LIIIDERTAKINGS
t2.t Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall prepare Management Statements and Annual Financial Statements in
the English language and make them available on its website (altematively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end ofthe financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Management Statements and Írterim Accounts in the English
language and make them available on its website (altematively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the Quarter Date.

42t7s
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its
Financial Reports pursuant to Clause 12.7 (Financial Reports), however only once for each relevant reporting period, a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the Financial Report attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Issuer, certifying inter alia that the Financial Statements are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of
those financial statements and setting out (in reasonable detail) computations
evidencing compliance with Clause 13.12 (Financiøl Covenants) as at such date.
(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1
(Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.
12.3 Put Option Event or Mandatory Prepayment Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Put Option Event or a Mandatory Prepayment Event has occurred.
12.4 Information: Miscellaneous
The Issuer shall:
(a) not later than I20 days after the end of each financial year, deliver an updated reserves
report for each of the Hydrocarbon Assets of the Group;
(b) promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing if a company is becoming Group
Company.
(c) promptly inform the Bond Trustee of any event which could reasonably be expected to
result in the revocation, withdrawal, cancellation, termination, suspension, forfeiture or variation of any of the Existing Licenses, and/or any other Hydrocarbon Asset;
(d) promptly inform the Bond Trustee of any failure (the "Relevant Payment Default")
by any Group Company to make a payment under any joint operating agreement,
unitization agreement or similar agreement or document with respect to any
Hydrocarbon Assets (the "Relevant Hydrocarbon Asset"), such notice to include
specific details of the Relevant Payment Default (including the original maturity date thereof and the amount of the Relevant Payment Default), whether the Issuer has or shortly will have sufficient funds to remedy the Relevant Payment Default and details of the Relevant Hydrocarbon Asset.
(e) promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default or any event or
circumstance which the Issuer understands or could reasonably be expected to understand may lead to an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to
remedy it);
(Ð at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds (to the best
of its knowledge, having made due and appropriate enquiries);

43t7s
(g) send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but
not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's
share capital or equity;
(h) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices
to the Exchange;
(Ð if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating
of the Bonds, and any changes to such raTing;
0) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the CSD; and
(k) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's and the Group's
business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL III{DERTAKINGS
The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 13 (General and
Financial Undertøkings).
r3.1 Authorisations
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, in all material respects obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval, license
and consent required for the conduct of its business as carried out at the date ofthese Bond Terms if a failure to do so would have Material Adverse Effect.
13.2 Compliance with laws The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each other Group Company will, comply with all laws and regulations they may be subject to from time to time of material importance to the business and operations of the Issuer and/or such Group Company.
13.3 Pari passu ranking The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Group Company will, ensure that its obligations under these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank atleast pari passu as set out in Clause 2.4 (Status of the Bonds).
13.4 Continuation of business The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. Further, the Issuer shall ensure that no
other Group Company shall cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a
Material Adverse Effect.
13.5 Mergers and de-mergers
(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate rcorgarization involving a
consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer, or such other Group Company
with any other company or entity not being a Group Company if such transaction
would have a Material Adverse Effect, and provided that (i) the Issuer shall, in case of

44t75

any merger, be the surviving entity and (ii) the merged or combined entity shall grant Transaction Security in accordance with Clause 2.5 (Initial Transqction Security) and Clause 2.6 (Additional Transaction Security).
(b) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any
de-merger or other corporate reorgarization involving a split of the Issuer, or such other Group Company into two or more separate companies.

13.6 Armos length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any related third party (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, other Group Companies not owing Acquired Financial Indebtedness) (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except (a) in the ordinary course ofbusiness; or (b) pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's and/or such Group Company's business and upon fair and reasonable arm's
length terms.

13.7 Corporate status
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, change its type of
organization or jurisdiction of incorporation, provided that the Issuer may become a
Norwegian public liability company.

13.8 Nature of business
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each other Group Company will, procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of these Bond Terms, and which is to (directly or indirectly) own,
develop and operate Hydrocarbon Assets.

13.9 Operations
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each other Group Company will, ensure that the
operations of the Group are conducted in accordance with acknowledged practices related to the oil and gas industry in all material respect.

13.10

Insurances
(a) The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each relevant Group Company will, take out and
maintain (or procure that the same is taken out and maintained) adequate insurances ("fnsurances") with respect to their assets, operations, liabilities and contingencies, including an Offshore Energy Package Insurance (covering each Hydrocarbon Assets in which a Group Company holds an interest) including a third party liability insurance (or a similar insurance package), in each case on such terms and against such risks as are normally insured against by prudent owners of comparable assets (provided that no business intemrption insurance shall be required to be taken out or maintained) and ensure that each insurance is maintained with one or more insurance companies having (i) a Best Úrsurance Reports rating of "A-" or higher, or (ii) Standard & Poor's financial strength rating of rrA-r' or higher.

45t7S
(b) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, do, or
knowingly permit to be done anything, which may make any Insurance void, voidable, unavailable or unenforceable or render any sums which may be paid out under any Insurance repayable in whole or in part. The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each
other Group Company will, promptly pay all premiums, calls and contributions due from it and do all other things necessary to keep each Insurance taken out by or for it maintained in fulI force and effect. Neither the Bond Trustee nor any Bondholder shall have any liability for the payment of premiums or any other amount owing in respect of any Insurances. If the Issuer or any Group Company fails to pay arry costs relating to
any Lrsurance, the Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, pay any costs due and the Issuer shall immediately pay to the Bond Trustee the cost of such Insurance.
13.11 Issuer specific covenants
(a) Dividendrestrictions
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make any loans or other equity or capital distributions or payments (including group contributions) to its direct or indirect shareholders (including servicing of shareholder loans), whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect (a "Distribution"), provided that, as long no Event of Default is continuing at such time or would result therefrom and that the Yme Transaction has completed, the Issuer may repay Subordinated Shareholder Loans with an amount up to the amount received by the Issuer, but not exceeding NOK 58,300,000 (or the equivalent in USD), as a refund of payment from the Seller under the Yme SPA as a consequence of the Yme Transaction only being completed for a 5 per cent. interest in the Yme Licences.
(b) Disposal of assets
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, sell or otherwise
dispose (each a "Disposal") ofany assets, unless:
(Ð the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, on terms and conditions
customary for such transactions; and
(iÐ no Event of Default is continuing þrovided that this paragraph (ii) shall not
restrict a Group Company from selling lifted oil and gas in its ordinary course of
business); and
(iiÐ such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect (unless the
transaction triggers a Mandatory Prepayment and the provisions of paragraph (iv) below are satisfied); and
(iv) the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase
due to a Put Option Event) or 10.4 (Møndatory redemption due to a Mandatory
Prepayment Event) (if applicable) and the Issuer, before any Group Company commits to any Disposal, provides evidence to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee that the Issuer will have sufficient available funds to complete the
relevant redemption of Bonds in accordance with the terms thereof.

46t75
@ Financial indebtedness restrictions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Lrdebtedness other than the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
(d) Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Security over any of its present or future respective assets (including shares in Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the Permitted Security.
(e) Financialsupportrestrictions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, grant or permit to subsist any Financial Support to or for the benefit of any third party other than the Permitted Financial Support.
(Í) Restrictions on transactions with Group Companies owing Acquired Financial
Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, make any equity
injections or other investments in Group Companies owing Acquired Financial Indebtedness.
@) Permitted Additional Bond Issues
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company will, repay, prepay, purchase or repurchase or otherwise settle with consideration, in each case in cash or in kind or through netting of accounts, set-off or otherwise, any principal amount of Additional Bonds prior to the date falling 30 days after the Maturity Date, other than (i) pursuant to the exercise of a put option on identical terms as set out in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event) or (ii) due to an acceleration of any Additional Bonds caused by an event of default in
relation thereto.
(h) Norwegian Continental Shelf:
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, take part in any petroleum activities or related activities in any geographical area other than the Norwegian continental shelf. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer is permitted to engage in limited activities outside the Norwegian continental shelf, provided that such activities relates to Hydrocarbon Assets (i) indirectly acquired by the Issuer through the acquisition of a New Group Company which at the time had ownership interests in Hydrocarbon Assets on the Norwegian continental shelf or (ii) straddling other jurisdictions in addition to the Norwegian continental shelf, and provided further in each case that any cash expenditures to petroleum
activities or related activities outside the Norwegian continental shelf does not exceed 20 per
cent. of the Issuer's aggregated expenditures to exploration, development and production
activities during any financial year.

47t75
(Ð Project Documents.
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Group Company will:
(Ð perform all material obligations under the Project Documents to which it or a
Group Company is party to;
(ii) not amend, terminate or waive, or where relevant, vote in favour of any
amendment, termination or waiver, in respect of any terms under any of the
Project Documents which might have a Material Adverse Effect; and
(iiÐ promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with copies of any Project Document to the extent permitted under any applicable confidentiality
restrictions.
(Ð Security Documents
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Obligor will, maintain the Transaction Security Documents in fulIforce and effect, and do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that such Security remains duly created, enforceable and perfected with such ranking and priority contemplated by these Bond Terms, creating the Security contemplated thereunder, at the
expense of the Issuer, or the relevant Obligor (as the case may be).
(k) Tax balances
The Issuer shall not:
(Ð take any action in relation to the value of the Tax Credit that could have a
Material Adverse Effect, other than as a result of (A) production from a
Hydrocarbon Asset or (B) an acquisition of Hydrocarbon Assets; or
(iÐ sell or dispose of any Tax Credit.
(l) Ownership
The Issuer shall at all times own (directly or indirectly) 100% of the shares in each Group Company, unless all shares in the relevant Group Company are disposed of in a transaction which would not have a Material Adverse Effect and the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event) (if applicable) and the Issuer, before committing to any such disposal, provides evidence to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee that the Issuer will have sufficient available funds to complete the relevant
redemption of Bonds in accordance with the terms thereof.
(m) Permitted Hedgrng
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, enter into any hedging arrangements not being Permitted Hedging. For the avoidance of doubt no Group
Company shall, whether under a hedging arrangement or any other agreement, incut, creale or permit any financial arrangement whereby any person is granted a right to a payment as a

48t75
percentage or other proportion of a Group Company's present or future hydrocarbon
production or reserves, or present or future sales proceeds, income, eamings, or revenue
deriving directly or indirectly from a Hydrocarbon Assets (whether secured or unsecured).
(n) Required Hedgrng
No later than 10 days after the satisfaction of the conditions precedent for the initial release
from the Escrow Account in accordance with paragraph (a) of Clause 6.2 (Conditions
þr precedent disbursement to the Issuer), the Issuer shall:
(Ð put in place a USD^IOK currency hedging arrangement for the budgeted portion
of the Yme Development Costs that, at the time, is anticipated to be incurred in NOK (the "Yme Development Costs NOK Amount"); or
(iÐ transfer an amount equal to Yme Development Costs NOK Amount to the
Escrow Account.
(o) New Equity
Before the equivalent of USD 30,000,000 (or the equivalent in NOK) with respect of the funds from the Initial Bond Issue is released from the Escrow Account, the Issuer shall ensure
that, prior to such release, (i) an amount of new cash equity capital equal to the NOK
equivalent of USD 2,000,000 has been paid in to the Issuer and has been registered as a share capital increase in the Issuer with the Norwegian Business Register (No: Foretaksregisteret),
and (ii) for every USD 10,000,000 (or the equivalent in NOK) thereafter released from the Escrow Account with respect to the Initial Bond Issue, an amount of new cash equity capital equal to the NOK equivalent of USD 2,000,000 has been paid in to the Issuer and has been
registered as a share capital increase in the Issuer with the Norwegian Business Register (No:
Foretaksregisteret). For the pulpose of this undertaking, a share capital increase is "new" if it has occurred after the Settlement Date for the Initial Bond Issue. For the avoidance of doubt,
any equity injected to the Issuer in connection with a Tap Issue to fund Yme Additional Costs shall not count as "new" equity in respect of this sub-paragraph. The obligations herein shall not apply to any release taking place after the First Oil Date for the Yme Licences.
(p) Project Proceeds
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the relevant Group Company will, ensure that all
Project Proceeds are paid directly into a Pledged Account, provided that the foregoing shall not apply with respect to Project Proceeds related to a Group Company (or its assets) owing Acquired Financial Indebtedness at the relevant time to the extent that the payment of the
Project Proceeds to a Pledged Account would constitute a default under the terms of the
Acquired Financial Indebtedness.
13.12 Financialcovenants
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, comply with the
following:
(a) Minimum Liquidity

49t75
The Issuer shall at all times
(Ð after USD 15,000,000 or more (or the equivalent in NOK) have been released
from the Escrow Account, maintain a minimum Liquidity of USD 2,500,000;
and
(iÐ after USD 30,000,000 or more (or the equivalent in NOK) has been released
from the Escrow Account, maintain a minimum Liquidity of USD 5,000,000.
(b) Optional Ratio Requirement
The Issuer shall, in respect of any Calculation Date, maintain:
(Ð a Tax Shelter Ratio of 1.25x;
or, at the Issuer's election,
(iÐ (A) a Capital Employed Ratio not lower than 40Yo and (B) a Leverage Ratio not
exceeding 2:1.
The election will be made by the Issuer in the Compliance Certificate delivered with respect
to the relevant Calculation Date. The Issuer may always change its election for any
subsequent Calculation Date.
@ Testing
The financial covenants (other than Liquidity) shall be tested by reference to each of the Financial Reports and each Compliance Certificate delivered to the Bond Trustee pursuant Clause 12.2(a), provided that with respect to any Calculation Date ending on a date that is less than 12 months after the First Oil Date with respect to any Hydrocarbon Assets, EBITDA attributable to such Hydrocarbon Asset shall be annualised by reference of to the amount of EBITDA as disclosed in the financial statement and/or Compliance Certificates as follows:
(Ð if the First Oil Date occurs three months or less prior to the relevant Calculation
Date, the EBITDA from such Hydrocarbon Assets shall be multiplied with4;
(iÐ if the First Oil Date occurs six months or less prior to the relevant Calculation
Date, the EBITDA from such Hydrocarbon Assets shall be multiplied with 2;
and
(iiÐ if the First Oil Date occurs nine months or less prior to the relevant Calculation
Date, the EBITDA from such Hydrocarbon Assets shall be multiplied witha/2.

50t75
14. EVENTS OF DEFAT]LT AND ACCELERATION OF'THE BONDS
t4.l Events of Default
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 14.1 shall constitute an Event of
Default:
(a) Non-payment
An Obligor fails to pay arry amount payable by it under the Finance Documents when such amount is due for payment, unless:
(Ð its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error in payment
systems or the CSD and payment is made within 5 Business Days following the original due date; or
(iÐ in the discretion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer has substantiated that it is likely
that such payment will be made in full within 5 Business Days following the
original due date.
(b) Breach of other obligations
An Obligor does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents other than set out under paragraph (a) (Non-payment) above, unless such failure is capable of
being remedied and is remedied within 20 Business Days after the earlier of the
Issuer's actual knowledge thereof, or notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Misrepresentation
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance
Certificates) made under or in connection with any Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or
deemed to have been made, unless the circumstances giving rise to the
misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within 20 Business Days of
the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer becoming aware of such mi srepresentation.
(d) Cross default
If for any Obligor:
(Ð any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any applicable grace
period; or
(iÐ any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and
payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or

51t75

(iiÐ any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a
creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and
payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
provided however that the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above
exceeds a total of USD 5,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency).
(") Insolvency and insolvency proceedings

Any Obligor:

(Ð is Insolvent; or

(iÐ is object ofany corporate action or any legal proceedings is taken in relation to:

(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness,
winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of
voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than a solvent liquidation or reorganization; or

(B) a composition, compromise, assignment or affangement with any creditor which may materially impair its ability to perform its
obligations under these Bond Terms; or

(C) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent
liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator,
compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(D)

enforcement of any Security over any of its or their assets having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.1 (d) (Cross default) above; or

(E) for (A) - (D) above, any analogous procedure or step is taken in any
jurisdiction in respect of any such company,

however this shall not apply to any petition which is füvolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 20 Business Days of commencement.
(Í) Creditor's process

Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of any Obligor having an aggregaTe value exceeding the threshold amount set
out in paragraph 14.1 (d) (Cross default) above and is not discharged within 20
Business Days.

52t75
(g) Unlawfulness
It is or becomes unlawful for an Obligor to perform or comply with any of its
obligations under the Finance Documents to the extent this may materially impair:
(Ð the ability of such Obligor to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(iÐ the ability of the Bond Trustee or any Security Agent to exercise any material
right or power vested to it under the Finance Documents.
(h) Termination Event
The occurrence of a Termination Event, shall:
(Ð if related to an Yme Licence, always constitute an Event of Default; and
(iÐ if related to any other Hydrocarbon Assets, only constitute an Event of Default if
the occurrence thereof would have Material Adverse Effect (and for this purpose the effect of the Termination Event on any Security over a relevant Hydrocarbon Asset shall be disregarded).
14.2 Acceleration of the Bonds
If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, or upon instruction received from the
Bondholders pursuant to Clause 14.3 (Bondholders' instructions) below, by serving a Default Notice:
(a) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other
amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable on demand at which time they shall become immediately due and payable on demand by the Bond Trustee;
(b) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other
amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or
(c) exercise or direct the Security Agent to exercise any or all of its rights, remedies,
powers or discretions under the Finance Documents or take such further measures as are necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents.
14.3 Bondholders' instructions The Bond Trustee shall serve a Default Notice pursuant to Clause 14.2 (Acceleration of the
Bonds) if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing from Bondholders representing a
simple majority of the Voting Bonds, that an Event of Default shall be declared, and a Bondholders' Meeting has not made a resolution to the contrary; or

s3t75
(b) the Bondholders'Meeting, by a simple majority decision, hps approved the declaration
of an Event of Default.
14.4 Calculation of claim The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of the serving of a
Default Notice will be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early
redemption - Call Option) as applicable at the following dates (and regardless of the Default
Repayment Date set out in the Default Notice):
(Ð for any Event of Default arising out of a breach of Clause l4.l (Events of
Default) paragraph (a) (Non-payment), the claim will be calculated at the price
applicable at the date when such Event of Default occurred; and
(iÐ for any other Event of Default, the claim will be calculated at the price
applicable at the date when the Default Notice was served by the Bond Trustee.
15. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS
15.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting may, on behalf of the Bondholders, resolve to alter any of
these Bond Terms, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion ofthe Bonds into other capital classes.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain
Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense ofother Bondholders.
(c) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause
76.1 (Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the
Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed aI any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(d) At least 50 per cent. of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders'
Meeting for a quorum to be present.
(e) Resolutions will be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the
Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (f) below.
(Ð Save for:
(Ð any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to
Clause 17.l (Procedure for amendments and waivers) paragraph (a), section (i) and (ii); and
(iÐ any waiver of a Mandatory Prepayment Event or a Put Option Event,
a majority of at least 213 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders'Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment of any provisions of these Bond Terms, including a change of Issuer and change of Bond Trustee.

54t75
ls.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders'Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in
writing of:
(Ð the Issuer;
(iÐ Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iiÐ the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so
pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders'Meeting within 10 Business Days
after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders'Meeting must be sent no later than 10 Business Days prior
to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all
Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If
the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in
accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (altematively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the
Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders'
Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the
Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the
Bondholders'Meeting.
(Ð By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from
acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause l0 (Redemption and Repurchøse of Bonds).
(g) A Bondholders'Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if
paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders'Meeting,
chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders'

55175
Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by
the Bondholders' Meeting.
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the
Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power ofattorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders'Meeting (each a "Representative"). The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders'Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case ofdispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the
chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will decide who may attend the Bondholders'
Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(Ð Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The
Bondholders Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any
person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from
participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and
any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
0) Minutes of the Bondholders'Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the
instruction of, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions
passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the chair of the Bondholders'
Meeting and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon
request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are
notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
0) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a
Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting,
including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
15.3 Voting rules
(a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may
cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights). The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not cany aîy voting rights. The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting
shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's
Bonds.

5617s
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 75 (Bondholders' decisions), a Bondholder that has a
Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3
(Bondholders' rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee.
No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant
evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights) stating that
it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of
its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote
by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will have
the deciding vote.
15.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting
(a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause l5.l (Authority of the
Bondholders' Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 15.l (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting), Clause 15.2 (Procedure þr arranging a
Bondholders' Meeting) and Clause I5.3 (Voting rules) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set
out in paragraph (d) of Clause l5.l (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders'
Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original
Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 15.5 (Written
Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 15.2 (Procedure for arranging a
Bondholders' Meeting) and vice versa.
15.5 Written Resolutions
(a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 15.1 (Authority of the Bondholders'
Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution
passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the
Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.

s7175
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant
matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in
the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond
Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.
(d) The provisions set out in Clause I5.l (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting), 15.2
(Procedure for arranging a Bondholder's Meeting), Clause 75.3 (Voting Rules) and Clause 15.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a
Written Resolution, except that:
(Ð the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 15.2 (Procedure for
arranging Bondholders Meetings); or
(iÐ provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause
1 5.5 (Written Res olution),
shall not apply to a Written Procedure.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(Ð instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including
instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(iÐ the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes
necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least 3 Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 75.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be at least 10 Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date of the
Summons.
(Ð Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record
Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond
Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights), will be counted in the Written
Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or
paragraph (f) of Clause 15.1 (Authority of Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved,
based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet
cxpired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.

58175
(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting
Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(Ð If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes
shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a
decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in
paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 15.I(Authority of Bondholders'Meeting).
16. THE BOND TRUSTEE
16.1 Power to represent the Bondholders
(a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the
Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document,
without any fuither action required to be taken or formalities to be complied 'with. The
Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.
(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such
documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its
and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance
Documents.
16.2 The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance
Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the
Issuer or any other Obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or
enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the
indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers
necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions
received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond
Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.

5917s
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage extemal experts when carrying out its duties
under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on
separated accounts.
(Ð The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders'Meeting are
properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to
implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other
Finance Document, or any applicable law.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the
Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its
reasonable opinion constitute a breach ofany law or regulation.
(h) If the cost, loss or liability which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable
fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(Ð complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or
(iÐ taking any action at its own initiative
will not, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be coveted by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) of Clause 16.4 (Liability and
indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such
instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably
require.
(Ð The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its
obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
() The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount
in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
16.3 Equality and conflicts of interest
(a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an
unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for
several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.

60t7s
16.4 Expenses, tiabitity and indemnity
(a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by
any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Írespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the
Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the
Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information
provided to the Bondholders by or on behalfofthe Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has
(Ð acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable extemal experts;
or
(iÐ acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Bond Trustee considers that it
is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay any action.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all
losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with
the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance
Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the
Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in
connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in
the Bond Trustee Agreement.
(Ð The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for extemal
experts engaged after the occuffence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be
detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.

6u75
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due to an Event of Default, the Issuer being Úrsolvent or similar
circumstances pertaining to the Obligors, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses
incurred by the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent in cor¡rection therewith. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from
other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Transaction Security, and to set-off and cover any such costs and
expenses from those funds.
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not
limited to, instructions set out in Clause 14.3 (Bondholders'instructions) or Clause
15.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting)), the Bond Trustee may
require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that instruction and/or who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.
16.5 Replacement of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 15
(Bondholders' Decision), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond
Trustee without the Issuer's approval.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in
which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 16.5 (Replacement of the Bond Trustee), initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its
obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this
Clause 16.5 (Replacement of the Bond Trustee).The Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a)
above.
(d) The change of Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary
actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such
effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take
whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any
benefits under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners
without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.

62t7s
16.6 Security Agent
(a) The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bonds, unless any other
person is appointed. The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties and monitoring compliance by
the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under the
Transaction Security Documents with respect to the Transaction Security on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall, when acting as Security Agent for the Bonds, at all times
maintain and keep all certificates and other documents received by it, that are bearers
of right relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody on behalf of the
Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for or required to insure
against any loss incurred in connection with such safe custody.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer
shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a
Security Agent Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the
Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other party to a Finance Document to sign as aparty, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters, whether or not a separate Security Agent Agreement has been entered into.
(e) The provisions set out in Clause 16.4 (Expenses, liability and indemni@) shall apply
mutatis mutandis to any expenses and liabilities of the Security Agent in corurection with the Finance Documents.
t7. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
t7.t Procedure for amendments and waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to
amend the Finance Documents or waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(Ð such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the
Bondholders in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of
rectifiiing obvious errors and mistakes; or
(iÐ such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a
decision by a relevant authority; or
(iiÐ such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in
accordance with Clause 15 (Bondholders' Decisions).

63t75
(b) Any changes to these Bond Terms necessary or appropriate in cor¡rection with the
appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee shall be documented in
an amendment to these Bond Terms, signed by the Bond Trustee (in its discretion). If
so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Transaction Security Documents shall
be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with
such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
17.2 AuthorÍty with respect to documentation If the Bondholders have resolved the substance of an amendment to any Finance Document, without resolving on the specific or final form of such amendment, the Bond Trustee shall be
considered authorised to draft, approve and/or finalise (as applicable) any required documentation or any outstanding matters in such documentation without any fuither
approvals or involvement from the Bondholders being required.
17.3 Notification of amendments or waivers The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with this Clause 1,7 (Amendments and waivers), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, unless such notice obviously is
unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly
registered with the CSD.
18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 Limitation of claims All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will
be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
18.2 Access to information
(a) These Bond Terms will be made available to the public and copies may be obtained
from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee will not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or any other person, and the
Bondholders have no right to obtain information from the Bond Trustee, other than as explicitly stated in these Bond Terms or pursuant to statutory provisions of law.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond
Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
(c) The information referred to in paragraph (b) above may only be used for the purposes
of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
18.3 Notices, contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such

64t75
no-tice or coÍìmunication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from
the CSD.
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders
via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in
connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(Ð if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;
(iÐ if by e-mail, when received; and
(iiÐ if by fax, when received.
(c) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall each ensure that the other party is kept informed
of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact
persons.
(d) When determining deadlines set out in these Bond Terms, the following will apply
(unless otherwise stated) :
(Ð if the deadline is set out in days, the first day of the relevant period will not be
included and the last day of the relevant period will be included;
(iÐ if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline will end on the
day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. Ifsuch day is not a part ofan actual month, the deadline will be the last day of such month; and
(iiÐ if a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is
postponed to the next Business Day.
18.4 I)efeasance
(a) Subject to paragraph (b) below and provided that:
(Ð An amount sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the
Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (including, to the extent applicable, any
premium payable upon exercise of the Call Option), and always subject to
paragraph (c) below (the "Defeasance Amount") is credited by the Issuer to an
account in a financial institution acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the
"Defeasance Account");

65t75
(iÐ the Defeasance Account is irrevocably pledged and blocked in favour of the
Bond Trustee on such terms as the Bond Trustee shall request (the "Defeasance Pledge"); and
(iiÐ the Bond Trustee has received such legal opinions and statements reasonably
required by it, including (but not necessarily limited to) with respect to the
validity and enforceability of the Defeasance Pledge,
then;
(A) the Issuer will be relieved from its obligations under Clause 12.2
(Requirements as to Financiøl Reports) paragraph (a), Clause 12.3 (Put
Option Event or Mandatory Prepayment Event), Clause 12.4
(Information: rniscellaneous) and Clause 13 (General and financial
undertakings);
(B) any Transaction Security shall be released and the Defeasance Pledge
shall be considered replacement of the Transaction Security; and
(C) any Obligor shall be released from any Guarantee or other obligation
applicable to it under any Finance Document.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to apply any amount credited to the Defeasance
Account towards any amount payable by the Issuer under any Finance Document on the due date for the relevant payment until all obligations of the Issuer and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents are repaid and discharged in full.
(c) The Bond Trustee may, if the Defeasance Amount cannot be finally and conclusively
determined, decide the amount to be deposited to the Defeasance Account in its
discretion, applying such buffer amount as it deems required.
A defeasance established according to this Clause 18.4 may not be reversed.
19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
19.1 Governing law These Bond Terms are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
19.2 Main jurisdiction
The Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that the City Court of the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond
Terms. The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms against the Issuer or any of its assets may be brought in such court.

6tr?s
r9.3 Alternative jurisdiction Clause 19 (Governing law and jurisdiclÌon) is for the cxclusive benefit of the Bond Trustec and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right:
(a) to cornnence proceedings against the Issuer or any other Obligor or their respective
assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and
(b) to commence such proceedings, including enforcement proceedings, in any competent
jurisdictiorr concunently.

-----000-----

These Bo¡rd Terms have been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond
Trustee shall retain one each.

The fssuer: OKDA AS

SIGNÀTTJRES:
As Bond Trustee and Security Agent: NORDIC TRUSTEE AS

By: l,e þZttuOeq. Lî Position: a /1r. .tr wnL-

By: Position:

l,9Jró82t Vr r4.¡r.17 9165&t40

6611s
19.3 Atern¡tive jurisdiction Clause 19 (Governíng law and jurisdiction) is for tho exclusive benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right:
(a) to commence proceedings against the Issuer or any other Obligor or their respective
assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and
(b) to commonce such prooeedings, including cnforce,mont proceedings, in any competent
jurisdiction concunentþ.

-.--.000--*

These Bond Terms have been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond
Trustee shall retain one each.

The fssuer:
OKEAAS
By: Position:

SIGNATI]RES:

As Bond Trustee and Security Agent: NORDIC TRT'STEE AS

Byr Posítion:

EAS
Anda."¡ -

L-93f 6E22-Vr 14,il.t1 926t6-140

67175
SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Okea AS 7.50 o/o bonds 201712020ISIN NO0110810062

Idate]

We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause 12.2 of the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued in connection with each delivery of Financial Statements to the Bond Trustee.
This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [**]. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. With reference to Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) we hereby certifu that all information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [[rterim Accounts] are enclosed. The Financial Covenants set out in Clause 13.12 (Financial Covenants) are met. With reference to Clause 13.12(b) (Optional Ratio Requirement) altemative [(i)] / t(iÐl have been elected. Please see the calculations and figures in respect ofthe ratios attached hereto.
We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur
Yours faithfully,
NX
Narne of øuthorised person
Enclosure: Financial Statements; fand any other written documentationJ

SCHEDULE 2
RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOTI¡IT
Dear Sirs, Okea AS 7.50 oÁ bonds 2017/2020ISIN NO0110810062

68/75
Idate]

We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Terms, and request you to
instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount to fthe Pledged Account, account
no. [**]l/fseller of Hydrocarbon Assets]. We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is
likely to occur as a result of the release from the Escrow Account, and (ii) we repeat the
representations and warranties set out in the Bond Terms as being still true and accurate in all material
respects at the date hereof.
Yours faithfully, NX
Name of authorized person
Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

69t75
SCHEDULE 3 INTERCREDITOR PRINCIPLES

Below is a summary of the main terms and conditions to be included in the Intercreditor Agreement.

Creditors: Debtors:

PARTIES
Nordic Trustee AS as bond trustee and security agent for the bondholders in the Original Bond Issue (in such capacity, the "Original Issue Bond Trustee") and all Additional Bond Issues (in such capacity, the "Additional Issues Bond Trustee" and in both capacities, the "Joint Bond Trustee" and in any such capacity, the "Bond Trustee").
The bondholders will be bound by the terms of the Intsrcreditor Agreement.
The Issuer and each Group Company from time to time.

DEF'INITIONS
"Additional Bond Issues" means all issucs of Additional Bonds constituting
Permitted Additional Bond Issues in the Original Bond Issue Bond Terms, and each series of such bonds with the same ISIN means and "Additional Bond Issue".
"Additional Bond Issues Bond Terms" means the bond terms for each of the
Additional Bond Issues (including any tap issues).
"Additional Bond Issues Finance Documents" means all documents referred to as "Finance Documents" in the Additional Bond Issues Bond Terms.
"Additional Bond Issues Liabilities" means all Liabilities owed by a Debtor under the Additional Bond Issues Finance Documents.
"Additional Bond Issues Security" means any Security created or purported to be created over the assets of any Group Company pursuant to Additional Bond Issues
Finance Documents.
"Bond Issue" means any Additional Bond Issue and the Original Bond Issue.
"Bond Terms" means the Additional Bond Issues Bond Terms and the Original Bond Issue Bond Terms.
"I)ebt l)ocuments" means the Additional Bond Issues Finance Documents and the Original Bond Issue Finance Documents.

70/75
t'Enforcement Action" means:
(a) in relation to any Liabilities of a Debtor to a Creditor;
(Ð the acceleration of such Liabilities or the making of any declaration
that such Liabilities are prematurely due and payable (including as a
result of (A) it becoming unlawful for any person to perform its
obligations under any document;
(iÐ the making of any declaration that any such Liabilities are payable
on demand or the making of a demand in relation to such a Liability
that is payable on demand;
(iiÐ the exercise of any right of set-off, account combination or payment netting against any Group Company in respect of any such
Liabilities;
(iv) the suing for, commencing or joining or any legal or arbitration
proceedings against any Group Company to recover any such
Liabilities;

(b)

the taking of any steps to enforce or require the enforcement of any

Transaction Security granted by a Group Company;

(c) the entering into of any composition, compromise, assignment or
arrangement with any Group Company;

(d)

the petitioning, applying or voting for, or the taking of any steps (including

the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator or similar officer) in

relation to, the winding up, dissolution, administration, reorganisation,

moratorium or suspension of pa¡ments of any Group Company, or aîy

analogous procedure or step in anyjurisdiction.

"Exempted Enforcement Actions" means any Enforcement Action:
(a) initiated by the Bond Trustee under the customary powers and authorisations of the Bond Trustee and without the instructions of a
bondholder meeting, and which may include actions which the Bond Trustee deems to be necessary to preserve the validity, existence or priority of claims in respect of Liabilities, including the registration of such claims before any court or governmental authority and the bringing, supporting or joining of proceedings to prevent any loss of the right to bring or join proceedings by reason of applicable limitation periods; and

(b)

any Enforcement Event initiated after the occurrence of an Insolvency

Event.

7lt7s

"Insolvency Event" means, in relation to a Group Company:

(a)

any resolution is passed or order made for the winding up, dissolution,

administration or reorganisation of the Group Company, a moratorium is

declared in relation to any indebtedness of that Group Company or an

administrator is appointed to that Group Company;

(b)

any composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement is made with

any of its creditors;

(c)

the appointment of any liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver,

administrator, compulsory manager or similar officer in respect of that

Group Company or its assets; or

(d) any analogous procedure or step is taken in anyjurisdiction.

"Liabilities" means all present and future liabilities and obligations at any time of any Debtor to any Creditor under the Debt Documents, in all cases both actual and contingent and whether incurred solely orjointly or as principal or surety or another capacity together with any of the following matters relating to or arising in respect of
those liabilities and obligations:

(a)

any refinancing, novation, deferral or extension;

(b)

any claim for breach ofrepresentation, warranty or undertaking or on any

event of default or under any indemnity given under or in connection with

any agreement, document or deed evidencing or constituting any other

liability or obligation falling within this definition;

(c) any claim for damages, recourse, restitution or re-transfer ofassets; and

(d)

any claim as a result of any recovery by any Debtor of a paynent on the

grounds or preference or otherwise,

and any amount which would be included in any of the above but for the discharge,
non-provability, unenforceability or non-allowance of those amounts in any
insolvency or other proceedings.
"Majority Bond fssues fnstruction" means, in relation to any decisions among and between the Bond Issues to be made in relation to an Enforcement Action and related issues, the instructions and resolutions given in respect thereof by more than 50%o of the total principal amounts outstanding under all Bond Issues, calculated by adding tbgag{9c319,p¡lç-ip:t amount of each Bond Issue that, as a Bond Issue under the

72t75

terms of that Bond Issue (and so that all votes/bonds of that Bond Issue shall be deemed to have been cast in favour of the final outcome within that Bond Issue), have voted in favour of similar instructions and/or resolutions.

"Original Bond Issue" means all issues of bonds with ISIN ¡**1 (or any replacement ISIN) (including any tap issues).

"Original Bond Issues Bond Terms" means the bond terms for each of the Original Bond Issues.

"Original Bond Issue Finance Documents" means all documents refened to as
"Finance Documents" in the Additional Bond Issues Bond Terms.

"Original Bond Issue Security" means any Security created or purported to be created over the assets of any Group Company pursuant to Original Bond Issue
Finance Documents.

"Payment" means, in respect of any Liabilities (or any other obligations or
liabilities), a payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance or discharge of those
Liabilities (or other liabilities or obligations).

"Permitted Liabilities" means

(a)

in relation to Additional Bond Issues Liabilities, Liabilities the incurrence

of which are not restricted under the terms of Original Bond Issue Bond

Terms (in the form thereof as at the date the relevant Additional Bond Issue

was settled); and

(b) in relation to the Original Bond Issue, Liabilities incurred by or as a
consequence ofissuing bonds to finance the purposes set out in the Original
Bond Issue Bond Terms (in the form thereof as the date the relevant
Additional Bond Issue was settled).

"Permitted Payments" means:

(a)

in relation to Additional Bond Issues Liabilities, Payments in respect

thereof that are not restricted under the terms of the Original Bond Issue

Bond Terms (in the form thereof as at the date the relevant Additional Bond

Issue was settled); and

(b) in relation to the Original Bond Issue, all Payments.

"Transaction Finance Documents" means the Additional Bond Issues Finance Documents and the Original Bond Issue Finance Documents.

"Transaction Security" means the Additional Bond Issues Security and the Original Bond Issues Security.

73/75

MAIN INTERCREDITOR PRINCIPLES

Ranking, priority etc.: Liabilities The Liabilities shall rankpari passu in right and priority of payment.

Transaction Security
The Transaction Security shall rank and secure the relevant Liabilitiespari passu on a joint first priority (regardless of registration and time of perfection).

Any asset of any Group Company subject to Security under any Transaction Security shall be required to be subject to Additional Bond Issues Security and Original Bond Issue Security (unless such requirement is waived), except for cash deposits on any escrow account deposited therein to facilitate the disbursement ofproceeds from any
Additional Bond Issue or any Original Bond Issue (each a "Bond Escrow
Amount").

Permitted Liabilities: Permitted Payments: Amendments

The Additional Bond Issues Liabilities and the Original Bond Issue Liabilities shall at all times be required to be Permitted Liabilities. No Transaction Security shall secure Liabilities which are not Permitted Liabilities.
All Payments of Liabilities must be carried out in accordance with Permitted
Payments.
The Additional Bond Issues Finance Documents and the Original Bond Issue
Finance Documents and any terms thereof may be amended, amended and restated, modified, supplemented, waived or released (each an "Amendment"), provided that
no such Amendment results in the relevant Liabilities no longer being Permitted
Liabilities.

Enforcement actions:

The Bond Trustee may not initiate any Enforcement Action, unless:

(a)

such Enforcement Action is an Exempted Enforcement Action with respect

to any Bond Issue;

(b)

such Enforcement Action has been approved by the Bond Issues through a

Majority Bond Issues Instruction.

If the Bond Trustee receives any instruction to initiate an Enforcement Action which,

in the opinion of the Bond Trustee is not an Exempted Enforcement Action, the

Bond

bondholder meeli1gs !n_ each Bgnd Igsue -for

7417s
the purpose of receiving a Majority Bond Issues Instruction with respect to that
Enforcement Action.
If the Bond Trustee receives a Majority Bond Issues Instruction to initiate an
Enforcement Action, each Bond Issue shall be deemed to have given the Bond
Trustee such instructions.

In relation to any Exempted Enforcement Action, the Bond Trustee shall act as the Bond Trustee for all Bond Issues ("Relevant Bond Issues") in respect of which such Enforcement Action is an Exempted Enforcement Event and the Bond Trustee shall follow any Majority Bond Issues Instructions which are given by the Relevant Bond Issues in respect thereof.

Release of Transaction Security (nondistressed):

Each Bond Trustee shall, at the cost and request of the Issuer, release Transaction Security over any asset which is directly (in case of an asset disposal (other than shares)) or indirectly (in case of a share disposal) disposed of, provided that such disposal is permitted under the terms of all of the Additional Bond Issues Bond Terms and the Original Bond Issues Bond Terms. In case of a permitted disposal of all shares in a Group Company, such Group Company shall be released from its
obligations as a guarantor.

Application of
proceeds:

All amounts from time to time received or recovered by a Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Finance Documents (other than any Bond Escrow Amount, and which shall in full be paid to the relevant Bond Trustee for repayment of the bond issue and costs and expenses, as set out in Transaction Finance Documents for that bond issue) or otherwise after any Liability has been accelerated due to an event of default (including as a result of it becoming unlawful for any Debtor to perform such Liability) shall be applied in the following order of priority:

(a)

first, in discharging sums owing by the Debtors to each Bond Trustee (on a

parai passu and pro rata basis) in connection with any preservations of

rights under the Transaction Finance Documents or realisation or

enforcement of claims or the Transaction Security; and

(b)

second, in discharging other Liabilities (on a pari passu and pro rqto

basis).

Any Payment received or recoveries made in violation of the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement shall forthwith be transferred to the Joint Bond Trustee for application as set out above.

Miscellaneous:

The Intercreditor Agreement will contain customary provisions relating to
(a) change of Bond Trustee; (b) costs and expenses; (c) indemnities; (d) information;
notices;

Governing law and jurisdiction

75t75

(Ð

consents, amendments and override;

(g) counterparts; and

(h)

Norwegian law and Norwegian courts, the court of first instance being the City Court

of Oslo (No. Oslo tingrett).

