ISIN: NO 001 069986.1
Addendum Agreement to
the Bond Agreement between
Tbe North Alliance AS (the "Issuer") and
Nordic Trustee ASA (the " Bond Trustee")
on behalf o f the bondholders (the "Bondholders")
in bond issue FRN The North Alliance AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018

Pagei

Contents:

1

Definitions ................................. .......

2

Amendments to the Bond Agreement

Confirmation of the Bond Agreement

Commencement.................................

Dispute resolution and legal venue....

CO eO CO ^ T
co ^ in

11238595-1MSJPQV

Page 3

This agreement (the "A ddendum A g reem en t11) is dated on

. November 2014 between The

North Alliance AS (the "Issu er") and Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond T ru ste e ").

The Addendum Agreement comprises amendments to the bond agreement dated 20 December 2013 between The North Alliance AS as issuer and Nordic Trustee ASA (former Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) as bond trustee as amended by an Addendum no 1 dated 14 March 2014 (the "Bond A g re e  ment").

Whereas:

A.

On 20 December 2013, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee entered into the Bond Agreement

concerning a certain FRN The North Alliance AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue

2013/2018.

B.

The parties have agreed to enter into this Addendum Agreement for the purpose of the

Bond Trustee being able to be registered as representative (da: "repræsentant") with the

Danish Financial Supervisory Authority.

Now therefore it is agreed as follows:

1

Definitions

In addition to the terms defined above and unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised

terms defined in the Bond Agreement shall have the same meaning in this Addendum

Agreement unless otherwise stated in the Addendum Agreement.

2

Amendments to the Bond Agreement

2.1

New Clause 18.3.4 shall read as follows:

"If the Bond Trustee and/or the Security Agent becomes subject to bankruptcy proceed ings, the procedures set out in Clause 17 of the Bond Agreement shall apply to the change of Bond Trustee and/or Security Agent (as the case may be), except that the Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Issuer within ten Business Days after the Issuer be comes aware of the bankruptcy proceedings being opened and such Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Issuer."

2.2

New Clause 184.4 shall read as follows:

"The Issuer further appoints the Bond Trustee (both when acting as Bond Trustee and when acting as Security Agent) as representative (da: "repræsentant") for the Bondholders in accordance with Chapter 2 a of the Danish act on trading in securities etc. (da: "værdi papirhandelsloven") (as amended from time to time)."

3

Confirmation of the Bond Agreement

All other provisions of the Bond Agreement remain in full force and effect. The Bond

Agreement and the Addendum Agreement constitute together the entire agreement be

tween the parties with respect to the above mentioned bond issue.

11238595-1 MSJ PQV

Page 4

4

Commencement

The amendments to the Bond Agreement made by the Addendum Agreement shall take ef

fect from the date of this Addendum Agreement.

5

Dispute resolution and legal venue

Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Addendum Agreement which are not re

solved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law with the Oslo City

Court as legal venue.

[The remainder o f this page is intentionally left blank]

11238595-1 MSJPQV

The Parties hereto have executed this Addendum Agreement on the date set out in the beginning of this Addendum Agreement.

The Issuer For and on behalf o f The North Alliance AS:
Qh # LtJJJ

Name: (%M P^-TT£/{ UhjO'jTfrO

Title:

f t £(!*£/{

_
Name: Title:

The Bond Trustee For and on behalf of Nordic Trustee ASA:

Name: Title:

Vivian Trøsch
Attorney-at-Law

This Addendum Agreement has been executed in 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

11238595-1MSJ PQV

