fjj F T 1 CONSULTING

Corporate Finance

TO ALL KNOWN CREDITORS

14 January 2016

Dear Sir/Madam

Ref: CG/LR/AH/CP
When telephoning please ask for Will Marsden: Direct Line: 0203 727 1342
Direct Email: William.Marsden@fticonsulting.com

Iona Energy Company (UK) Plc ( "Iona UK") Iona UK Huntington Limited ( "Iona Huntington") - both in administration (together, the "Companies")

I advise that Chad Griffin and I were appointed joint administrators of the Companies (the "Joint Administrators" or "we") on 6 January 2016. Please find attached formal notice of the appointments.

Purpose of this Letter

A term "pre-packaged sale" refers to an arrangement under which the sale of all or part of a company's business or assets is negotiated with a purchaser prior to the appointment of an administrator and the administrator effects the sale immediately on, or shortly after, appointment.

The purpose of this letter is to inform creditors of Iona UK, in accordance with Statement of Insolvency Practice 16 ( "SIP16"), of the background in relation to a pre-packaged sale of one of the assets of Iona UK to demonstrate to creditors that such pre-packaged sales have been undertaken with due regard to their interests. This letter also provides a broader update to creditors of the Companies and information in relation to potential further transactions, certain of which may be subject to further SIP16 disclosures.

Background to the Administrations

The Companies hold licences to extract oil and gas from the UK sector of the North Sea. Iona Huntington is a wholly owned subsidiary of Iona UK. The immediate and ultimate parent company of Iona UK is Iona Energy Inc. (the "Parent", and together with its subsidiaries, the "Group"), a Canadian entity which has recently delisted. A group structure chart is appended at Appendix I. The licences held by the Companies are set out in Appendix II.

The consolidated financial performance of the Companies for the last two reported financial years is summarised below. The profitability of the business has been impacted by operational problems at the Huntington field, a delay in the projected first oil date for the Orlando oil field ( "Orlando") and a global reduction in oil and gas prices.

Summary of Consolidated Financial Performance
$'000__________________ Revenue Operating (loss) / profit Loss before interest and tax Net (loss) / income

FY13 65,508
5,206 (36,738)
35,086

YTD Oct FY14________ 15

90,518 (3,228) (142,031)

39,395 (9,964) (12,633)

(115,420)

n/a

Note: Net (loss) / income not available for period to 31 October 2015

200 Aldersgate | Aldersgate Street | London EC1A4HD T: +44 (0)20 3727 1000 | F: +44 (0)20 3727 1007 | fticonsulting.com
FTI Consulting LLP. Registered in England and Wales at the above address. Registered number 0C372614, VAT number GB 815 0575 42.
A full list of Members is available for inspection at the registered address.

In September 2013, Iona UK issued US$275m of senior secured bonds (the "Bonds") to the holders of the Bonds (the "Bondholders") pursuant to a bond agreement (the "Bond Agreement"). On 18 December 2014, the Parent issued a press release advising that it was likely that financial covenants contained within the Bond Agreement would be breached during the following 12 months, as a result of the challenges described above.
During early 2015, discussions commenced with the largest Bondholders and an ad-hoc committee of Bondholders was formed (the "Bondholder Committee"). FTI Consulting LLP ( "FTI") was retained as financial advisor to the Bondholder Committee, which engagement was subsequently novated to Nordic Trustee ASA as bond trustee ( "Nordic Trustee" or the "Bond Trustee").
On 27 March 2015, Iona UK obtained approval of the Bondholders to covenant relief and a deferral of the payment of cash interest on the Bonds until first oil on Orlando, along with certain other amendments to the terms of the Bond Agreement, in exchange for which the Group agreed to provide an acceptable proposal in order to refinance the Bonds and/or obtain funding in order to enable first oil on Orlando to be reached (a "Restructuring Proposal").
During the subsequent months, the Group worked to develop a Restructuring Proposal, which was based on the development of Orlando. This work involved an extensive search for potential debt and/or equity investors in Orlando or the business as a whole, as well as the disposal of non-core assets. This led to a presentation to Bondholders of a Restructuring Proposal on 30 July 2015.
On 6 August 2015, the Bondholders approved the Restructuring Proposal presented to them on 30 July 2015. The key elements of the Restructuring Proposal were:
 a farm out of 25% from Iona UK's 75% interest in Orlando (the "Orlando Farm Out");  a partner fully funding technical studies on the Ronan & Oran discovery;  reaching agreements with counterparties to defer payments or provide loans for pat of the required
capital expenditure on Orlando;  capital expenditure savings on Orlando;  a partial debt for equity swap in respect of the Bonds to reduce the level of debt; and  certain amendments to the terms of the Bond Agreement.
On 3 August 2015, P/F Atlantic Petroleum ( "Atlantic"), Iona UK's joint venture partner in Orlando, issued a statement indicating that it did not have sufficient funding in place to fully meet its 25% share of development costs for Orlando and that it was engaged in efforts to secure a solution. As a result, Management undertook additional efforts to obtain funding for Atlantic's share of Orlando development costs as a precautionary measure in the event that Atlantic was unable to raise sufficient funding.
On 18 November 2015, the Parent announced that the Restructuring Proposal would not proceed. This was because the parent company of the Orlando Farm Out counterparty, a global energy company, had elected to restrict capital allocation to its upstream operations and therefore a key component of the Restructuring Proposal could not be completed. The Parent's announcement stated that it was likely that the Companies would need to be placed into an insolvency process to protect the interests of all stakeholders to the Companies. In light of this development, on the basis that it was not expected there would be any recovery for the Parent's shareholders, the Parent's shares were ultimately suspended from trading on the TSX Venture Exchange.
Since 18 November 2015, and following consultation with the Bondholder Committee, the Bond Trustee and FTI, management of the Companies ( "Management") have run an accelerated M&A process (the "Accelerated M&A Process") for the shares in and/or some or all of the assets of the Companies. In parallel, we undertook contingency planning for the potential administration of the Companies, which included liaising with certain key stakeholders such as the Department of Energy and Climate Change ( "DECC") and the Oil and Gas Authority (the "OGA").
2

Accelerated M&A Process
We set out below an overview of the Accelerated M&A Process. Further details in relation to this process can be found in Appendix III.
The time available for the Accelerated M&A Process was limited by:
 the timing of key project milestones and capex payments in respect of Orlando in order to meet the target first oil date of Q4 2016;
 the requirement to make material cash commitments towards future decommissioning liabilities on the Huntington and Trent & Tyne fields; and
 the continuing weakness in the oil price.
These factors, combined with the market intelligence gained by Management during the development of the Restructuring Proposal, led to the decision to undertake a further targeted marketing effort in order to seek to maximise potential value for creditors.
We determined that Management were best placed to lead the Accelerated M&A Process given the accelerated timetable, their prior engagement with many potential interested parties throughout 2015 in connection with the development of the Restructuring Proposal, and their knowledge of the assets. We were kept appraised of the various steps taken and the progress made during the Accelerated M&A Process and we were involved in all key decisions.
Management prepared a short summary of the Companies' business and assets (the "Summary"), which was sent to 42 parties considered most likely to have a strategic interest in acquiring the shares of the Companies or some or all of the Companies' assets. A number of prospective purchasers who had seen the announcement made by the Parent on 18 November 2015, and/or who had received press coverage online and in print, also indicated their interest. The Summary was distributed to prospective purchasers on 23 November 2015, who were given an initial target date of 4 December 2015 to send in their bids.
13 prospective purchasers signed non-disclosure agreements and were given access to a data room, which contained corporate, financial and operating information relating to the Companies and their assets, as well as draft transaction documentation, upon the signing of a confidentiality agreement. Management also held an intensive series of calls and meetings with prospective purchasers in order to progress potential transactions.
Prospective purchasers were asked to bid for any or all of the following:
 the shares in Iona Huntington, including tax pool losses;  asset sales of the Orlando, Kells, Trent & Tyne, and Ronan and Oran licences;  asset sales of the remaining exploration licences and the West Wick discovery; and  the shares in Iona UK, including tax pool losses.
A separate marketing exercise was undertaken for certain assets of the Companies including:
 royalty rights and a differential lifting entitlement ( "DLE") relating to, but separate from, the Huntington licence interest; and
 certain plant and equipment.
The Joint Administrators have reviewed the offers received, the conditions attached to them, and discussed with Management the information presented to the prospective purchasers. The Joint Administrators have also attended meetings where elements of the bids were discussed, and have been extensively involved with legal and commercial discussions. The Joint Administrators have therefore been closely involved with the Accelerated M&A Process undertaken by Management and are satisfied that:
3

 the Accelerated M&A Process was comprehensive and broad enough given previous marketing efforts, the public announcements made by the Group and the restricted time available;
 the materials shared with bidders were appropriate; and
 the overall marketing process was reasonable, suitable for the purpose of addressing the marketing requirements of SIP16, and has and will achieve the best available outcome for the creditors as a whole in the circumstances.
Accordingly, the Joint Administrators consider that we may rely on the marketing conducted.
As at the date of this letter, the status of the Accelerated M&A Process can be summarised in the following table. Further details are provided below.

Asset Shares in Iona UK
Orlando and Kells Trent & Tyne
West Wick

Interest Received Only interest received is in connection with a possible sale of a restructured company holding only the Orlando / Kells licences Interest received
No interest received
Interest received

Status Under consideration as part of potential transaction for Orlando / Kells
Discussions with certain interested parties ongoing Transfer of Trent & Tyne licence and settlement agreed and transaction documentation executed on 8 January 2016; completion subject to satisfaction of conditions precedent Exclusive discussions underway for a sale of the interests

Other Development Licences

No interest received

Process underway for a withdrawal or relinquishment of each such licence

Shares in Iona Huntington / No interest received Huntington licence

Progressing transactions for the other assets of Iona Huntington

Huntington royalty and DLE Interest received interests

Discussions ongoing with interested parties

Purpose of the Administrations

The purpose of an administration is to achieve one of the following statutory objectives (in order):

(a)

rescuing the company as a going concern; or

(b)

achieving a better result for the company's creditors as a whole than would be likely if the

company were wound up (without first being in administration); or

(c)

realising property in order to make a distribution to one or more secured or preferential creditors.

At this stage, pending resolution of the discussions in relation to a potential Orlando transaction, it is not possible to determine whether the purpose of the administration of Iona UK will be objective (a) or objective (b). However, the Joint Administrators confirm that the Trent & Tyne Transaction (as defined and described below), once completed, will enable either statutory objective (a) or (b) to be achieved, and that the eventual outcome would be the best available outcome for the creditors as a whole in the circumstances.
Attempts by Management during the Accelerated M&A Process to sell the shares of Iona Huntington were unsuccessful. Therefore, the purpose of the administration of Iona Huntington will be objective (c).

4

Agreed Pre-Packaged Transaction: Trent & Tyne Transaction
As a result of declining gas prices reducing revenues and the requirement to make additional provision to meet decommissioning liabilities, Iona UK's interests in Trent & Tyne were deemed to have no or negative value to Iona UK. This was borne out by the inability of Iona UK to find a buyer for the interests despite the extensive marketing process undertaken during 2015. Additionally, the Group has been involved in a number of legacy disputes with its operating partner in respect of Trent & Tyne, Perenco UK Limited ( "Perenco").
As a result, Iona UK's strategy was to divest the Trent & Tyne licence to, and agree a consensual settlement of all outstanding claims and counter-claims with, Perenco (the "Trent & Tyne Transaction"). The consideration comprised such consensual settlement and nil cash consideration. On completion of the Trent & Tyne Transaction, the security granted by Iona UK in favour of Nordic Trustee and Britannic Trading Limited over its interests in Trent & Tyne will be released.
The Joint Administrators supported this course of action and believe it meets either statutory objective of the administration of Iona UK being pursued as:
 there was no realistic prospect of an alternative sale for greater value (as borne out by the extensive marketing efforts undertaken by Iona UK and given the continuing decline in gas prices); and
 it releases Iona UK from a number of actual and potential liabilities and also therefore supports efforts to sell the shares of Iona UK.
Further details of the Trent & Tyne Transaction can be found in Appendix III of this letter.
Additional Information for Creditors
Although not a requirement of SIP16, we wish to provide an update on other licences and significant assets to provide greater clarity for the Companies' creditors.
We are currently progressing two specific potential transactions of assets of the Companies. If these transactions are consummated, this may result in gross realisations of up to approximately US$3.0m. However, we note that:
 It is not certain whether these transactions will close and whether there may be any changes to estimated values;
 We anticipate that US$1.8m of the consideration is likely to be deferred and contingent; and  All or part of the disposal proceeds may not be available for distribution to creditors should a sale
of Orlando not be feasible. Pursuant to the agreement reached with DECC, we have undertaken to retain certain disposal proceeds to meet potential costs incurred by DECC relating to Orlando abandonment.
Further details are provided below in relation to specific licences and other assets.
Orlando and Kells
The Joint Administrators, together with Management, continue to liaise with several interested parties in respect of a potential sale of the Orlando and Kells licences. Various potential transaction structures are being assessed. Given the status of the development plan for this project, support from key suppliers to the project is considered key to these efforts and every effort is being made to keep suppliers to the project appraised of the process. At this stage it appears probable that any development of Orlando would be deferred.
Further details will be provided to creditors in the Joint Administrators' proposals in due course.
5

Divestment of the Premier Royalty Entitlement
Iona Huntington owns the following entitlements in relation to the Huntington field in addition to, and separate from, its 15% working interest in the field:
 1.2% royalty entitlement from Premier Oil UK Limited (the "Premier Royalty Entitlement");  0.6% royalty entitlement from Noreco; and  a 0.75% DLE with Eon.
As part of the Accelerated M&A Process the above assets were offered to known specialist buyers of such assets, the relevant counterparties to the entitlements as well as potential interested parties for the shares or assets of the Companies. The assets generated a reasonable degree of interest and several offers were submitted and assessed by management and the Joint Administrators for both value and deliverability, the latter with particular regard to the availability of funding and consents required to finalise a transaction.
Discussions with a preferred party are ongoing in relation to the Premier Royalty Entitlement and subject to confidentiality undertakings. Further details will be provided to creditors in due course. Realisation efforts continue in relation to the remaining assets of Iona Huntington.
West Wick
We are in exclusive discussions with a party in relation to a potential sale of Iona UK's interest in the West Wick licence. Discussions are ongoing and are subject to confidentiality undertakings. Further details will be provided to creditors in due course.
Other licences
Iona UK is in the process of withdrawing from or relinquishing the following licences: Ronan & Oran, Fleetwind and Farne & Lundy.
Cash balances
The restricted cash balance as at 22 December 2015 was US$57.1m. The Bond Trustee enforced its security over the restricted cash on 22 December 2015, such that it was no longer an asset of the Companies as at the date of the administration appointment on 6 January 2016. We understand that Nordic Trustee made an interim distribution of US$50m to bondholders on 30 December 2015. The balance is being held by Nordic Trustee, pursuant to authority granted by Bondholders 21 December 2015, as a contingency to meet certain potential costs and expenses of the Administration.
As at 6 January 2016, the unrestricted cash held by the Companies amounted to US$8.5m. This is a floating charge asset and can therefore be applied to meet administration expenses, pay preferential creditors and provide a prescribed part for unsecured creditors.
We will provide further details to creditors on the expected level of such costs and other claims in the Joint Administrators' proposals in due course.
Ongoing Orders
Please note that with effect from the date of our appointment, the Companies will not be responsible for any payment for goods or services supplied to the Companies except against orders which are approved by the Joint Administrators or one of our representatives on our behalf.
Please also note that any amounts due to you by either of the Companies for goods and services supplied prior to the date of administration or pursuant to contracts entered into prior to the administrations will rank as an unsecured creditor claim against the relevant company.
For unsecured creditors, we enclose a Statement of Claim form so that you may provide details of the amount owing to you as at the date of our appointment. Please provide copy invoices or other relevant
6

supporting documentation with your claim form and return it to us by post or email using the contact details provided.
Proposals
We note that the SIP16 states that "when a pre-packaged sale has been undertaken, the Joint Administrators should seek any requisite approval of the proposals as soon as practicable after appointment and, ideally, the proposals should be sent with the notification of the sale."
In this case, we do not consider it to be the best course of action to submit the Joint Administrators' proposals with this notification as a number of transactions in relation to the Companies' other assets are still being pursued and the structure of those transactions will need to be reflected in the Joint Administrators' proposals, together with an indication of likely dividend prospects. As such, we have provided greater disclosure than would ordinarily be the case on other potential transactions and assets in this letter.
Therefore, in accordance with paragraph 49(5) of Schedule B1 to the Insolvency Act 1986, the Joint Administrators' proposals will be made available to all creditors within eight weeks of the administration. Furthermore, we may issue supplementary SIP16 notices for any additional pre-packaged transactions should we exchange contracts on such transactions ahead of issuance of the Joint Administrators' proposals
Further information and fees
Creditors can find further information in respect of insolvency in general here:
http://www.creditorinsolvencyguide.co.uk/
Further information in respect of Administrators' fees can be found here:
 England and Wales (applicable to Iona Huntington)
https://www.r3.org.uk/media/documents/publications/professional/Guide to Administrators Fe es Oct 2015.pdf
 Scotland (applicable to Iona UK)
https://www.r3.org.uk/media/documents/technical library/SIPS/Creditors' Guide to Administrat ors' Remuneration Scotland.pdf
Creditors wishing to receive a hard copy of the above guidance should send a written request to this office using the details provided.
VAT Bad Debt Relief
Creditors registered for VAT may be able to claim VAT bad debt relief in accordance with Section 36 of the Value Added Tax Act 1994. Relief is available when the debt is six months old and "written off" by the creditor entering it on his VAT refunds-for-bad-debts-account. Insolvency Practitioners have no role in administering VAT bad debt relief. Creditors who are uncertain as to how they may claim should contact their VAT office or take professional advice.
Other Matters
As administrators, we have a duty to consider the conduct of those who have been a director of the Companies at any time during the last three years. We also have a duty to consider whether any civil proceedings should be taken against the directors or others for recovery of, or contributions to, the Companies' assets.
7

If you are aware of any matters in connection with the directors' conduct, which you think may be relevant to our investigations, please advise us in writing. This request forms part of the Joint Administrators' usual investigation procedures and does not imply any criticism of any director. Should you have any queries in respect of the above please contact this office using the details provided. Yours faithfully For and on behalf of the Companies Lisa Rickelton Joint Administrator Enc: Formal notice of appointment in respect of Iona UK - Form 2.11B (Scot)
Formal notice of appointment in respect of Iona Huntington - Form 2.12B Statement of Claim form
The affairs, business and property of the Companies are being managed by the Joint Administrators. The Joint Administrators act as agents of the Companies and without personal liability.
Chad Griffin and Lisa Rickelton are licensed in the United Kingdom to act as insolvency practitioners by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, under section 390(2)(a) of the Insolvency Act 1986.
8

Appendix I - Group Structure Chart
Entities in administration
9

Appendix II - Summary of Licences Iona UK
1. 20% Working Interest in Trent & Tyne (Licences P.609, P.685 and P.2114); 2. 75% Working Interest in Orlando (Licence P.1606); 3. 75% Working Interest in Kells (Licence P.1607); 4. 100% Working Interest in Ronan & Oran (Licence P.1971); 5. 58.73016% Working Interest in West Wick (Licence P.185); 6. 100% Working Interest in Fleetwind (Licence P.1801); and 7. 33.33% Working Interest in Farne & Lundy (Licence P.2107). Iona Huntington 1. 15% Working Interest in Huntington (Licence P.1114) (including an additional 0.75% differential
lifting entitlement and combined 1.8% of royalty interests)
10

Appendix III - SIP16 Information Disclosure
Iona Energy Company (UK) Pic ( "Iona UK") Iona UK Huntington Limited ( "Iona Huntington") - all in Administration (together "the Companies")
Information Disclosure as required by the Statement of Insolvency Practice 16:

Initial Introductions and pre-appointment matters

1. The source of the Joint Administrators' FTI was initially introduced to the Companies by certain

initial introduction

bondholders of the Group. Our engagement was formalised

with Nordic Trustee, as bond trustee for all bondholders.

2. The extent of the Joint Administrators' FTI's initial engagement letter was dated 20 February 2015

involvement prior to the appointment

and a subsequent addendum was dated 1 June 2015. The

scope comprised:

 provide an overview on latest short term cash flow forecast for period to 31 March 2015;
 comment on the ability to defer timing of commitments and associated implications on the Orlando development plan;
 undertake an assessment of the Orlando development plan, including technical and financial assessment and financials;
 undertake a high level technical assessment of Huntington, the options for extending production and decommissioning costs;
 review the latest financial forecasts for the period to Orlando first oil; and
 assess secured creditor recoveries and provide secured creditor support in any restructuring proposals, proposed corporate transaction and/or refinancing proposals.

From 17 November 2015 to the date of the Companies' administrations, FTI has provided the following services:

 assisting with contingency planning for the potential administration of the Companies;
 assisting management with transaction structuring;  preparing for the administration appointments and
related logistics, including site closure planning and employee notifications; and
 providing general support in the period prior to the administration appointments.

3. Alternative course(s) of action considered by the Joint Administrators and the possible financial outcome(s) of the alternative course(s) of action

The principle alternative option with respect to the Trent & Tyne interests would have been to continue marketing Iona UK's interests in Trent & Tyne during the administrations.
However, we were satisfied that the marketing undertaken for Trent & Tyne prior to the administration of Iona UK was adequate and a further period of marketing would have incurred additional costs and run the risk of the existing offer being reduced or withdrawn (particularly given the

11

downward trend in oil and gas prices).
There was a further option to allow the default process under the joint operating agreement in respect of Trent & Tyne to run its course. However, we believe the 'clean exit' afforded by the transfer of the Trent & Tyne interests and settlement with Perenco justified the time and costs of agreeing and documenting the agreement between the parties as it releases Iona UK from a number of potential liabilities and supports the ongoing efforts to sell the shares of Iona UK. A default under the joint operating agreement would not have provided a release from such liabilities.

4. Whether efforts were made to consult with major creditors

The Bondholder Committee, together with the Bond Trustee, was consulted prior to the commencement of, and during, the Accelerated M&A Process to ensure their support for the process.

Management also consulted extensively with major suppliers with respect to the Orlando project to share as much insight as possible on the status of disposal efforts for that licence. Such consultations have ensured that these suppliers have supported, and continue to support, the ongoing process in respect of Orlando.

5. Details of requests made to potential funders to fund working capital requirements

Given the level of cash in the Companies, there was no requirement for additional working capital funding.
Funding would have only been needed to develop Orlando. However, given the extensive attempts during 2015 to procure funding for the development of the Orlando project, combined with the continued deterioration in oil prices, we did not think such a strategy was realistic for the Joint Administrators to pursue.

6. Charges registered against the Company See Appendix IV for details. including date these were created

7. Details of any transactions involving the N/A acquisition of the business or business assets from an insolvency process within the previous 24 months and whether the Joint Administrators were involved

Marketing and valuation of the business and assets

8. Marketing activities conducted prior to appointment and the effect of those activities

Disclosures in relation to marketing activities are set out within the main body of this document.
We also note that the parent's announcement of 18 November 2015 was made available on its website. Given the subsequent press coverage (both online and in print) and industry knowledge of the position of the Companies, and the fact that buyers would likely be industry participants given the OGA consents required, generic online marketing was not considered appropriate in the circumstances.

9. Valuations obtained of the business or We are satisfied that the marketing undertaken in the

the underlying assets

Accelerated M&A process and previously (during the

development of the Restructuring Proposal) was

12

comprehensive and appropriate to support the value reached in respect of Trent & Tyne Transaction (and any other disposals which we may subsequently execute). Accordingly, no formal valuations were carried out on the assets of the Company. Given the marketing testing we considered it appropriate to proceed on that basis.

Trent & Tyne Transaction

10. The date of the transaction

Execution of the transaction documentation on 8 January 2016 with completion to follow in due course (see item 15 below for further details).

11. The identity of the purchaser

Perenco UK Limited (registered number 04653066) whose registered address is Anchor House, 15-19 Britten Street, London, SW3 3TY.

12. Any connection between the purchaser We are not aware of any connection of the purchasers of

and the directors, shareholders or the above mentioned assets to the directors, shareholders

secured creditors of the Companies

or secured creditors of the Companies.

13. The names of any directors or former directors of the Companies who are involved in the management, financing or ownership of the purchaser, or of any other entity into which any of the assets were / will be transferred

We are not aware of any directors or former directors of the Companies who are involved in the management or ownership of Perenco.

14. Whether any directors of the Companies had given guarantees for amounts due from the Companies to a prior financier and whether that financier is financing the new business

We are not aware of any guarantees provided by the directors of Iona UK to the Group's financiers.

15. Details of the assets involved and the nature of the transaction(s)

The documentation for the Trent & Tyne Transaction was exchanged on 8 January 2016. We expect to be in a position to confirm completion of the transaction in our proposals report. The conditions to completion are:

 consent from OGA (received on 11 January 2015);  execution of security releases (in agreed form); and  execution by relevant third parties of novation and
assignment documentation (also in agreed form).

16. The consideration for the transaction, terms of payment, and any condition of the contract that could materially affect the consideration

Licence transfer for nil cash consideration but a consensual settlement of all outstanding claims and counter-claims, effective on completion of the transaction.

17. The consideration disclosed under broad asset valuation categories and split between fixed and floating charge realisations (where applicable) and the methods by which this allocation of consideration was applied

Allocation of consideration is not applicable as the Trent & Tyne Transaction relates to a distinct asset and there is nil cash consideration.

18. Any options, buy-back arrangements or n/a

13

similar conditions attached to the contract of sale

19. Details of any security taken by the Joint n/a Administrators in respect of any deferred consideration.

20. If the sale is part of a wider transaction, The sales are not part of a wider transaction. a description of the other aspects of the transaction

Connected party transactions

21. Details of any connected party approaching the pre-pack pool and whether the pre-pack pool provided their opinion

n/a - as no connected party transactions

22. Details from the connected party stating how the purchaser will survive for at least 12 months from the transaction date and what will be done differently ( "Viability Statement")

n/a - as no connected party transactions

14

APPENDIX IV SCHEDULE OF SECURITIES

In this Appendix:

"Bond Trustee" means Nordic Trustee ASA (formerly Norsk Tillitsmann ASA); "BTL" means Britannic Trading Limited; "Iona Huntington" means Iona UK Huntington Limited; and "Iona UK" means Iona Energy Company (UK) plc.

A.

SECURITY GRANTED BY IONA UK1

No. Charge 1. Debenture

Parties
 Iona UK  Bond Trustee

2. Bond and Floating Charge

 Iona UK  Bond Trustee

3. Charge over Shares

 Iona UK  Bond Trustee

4. Security Assignment
5. BP Structured Energy Derivative Escrow Account Pledge Agreement
6 Charge over

 Iona Huntington  Iona UK  Bond Trustee  Iona UK  Bond Trustee
 Iona UK

Date
30 September 2013
30 September 2013
30 September 2013
30 September 2013 30 September 2013

Governing Law English Scottish
English
English Norwegian

Particulars
Debenture containing fixed and floating charges in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over all or substantially all of Iona UK's property, assets, rights and revenues. Floating charge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over all of the property, assets and undertaking (including uncalled capital but excluding the Excluded Assets (as defined therein)) of Iona UK. Fixed charge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the entire issued share capital of Iona Huntington held or owned by Iona UK together with all Related Investment Rights and Related Rights (each as defined therein) in respect thereof. Assignment of the Intercompany Receivables (as defined therein) including all associated rights in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
Security in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Pledged Account (as defined therein).

26

English

Charge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders)

15

No. Charge Account

Parties  Bond Trustee

7. Escrow Account Pledge Agreement
8. Debt Service Retention Account Pledge Agreement
9. Bond and Floating Charge
10. Security Assignment
11. Charge over Shares

 Iona UK  Bond Trustee
 Iona UK  Bond Trustee
 Iona UK  BTL
 Iona UK  Iona Huntington  BTL  Iona UK  BTL

12. Charge over Account
13. Debenture
14. BP Structured Energy Derivative Escrow Account Pledge Agreement
15. Debt Service Retention Account Pledge Agreement
16. Escrow Account

 Iona UK  BTL  Iona UK  BTL  Iona UK  BTL
 Iona UK  BTL
 Iona UK

Date
September 2013
26 September 2013 30 September 2013
30 September 2013 30 September 2013 30 September 2013
30 September 2013 30 September 2013 30 September 2013

Governing Law

Particulars
over the Repayment Escrow Account and the Deposit (each as defined therein).

Norwegian

Pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Pledge Account (as defined therein).

Norwegian

Pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Pledge Account (as defined therein).

Scottish English English
English English Norwegian

Floating charge in favour of BTL over all of the property, assets and undertaking (including uncalled capital) of Iona UK.
Assignment of the Intercompany Receivables (as defined therein) including all associated rights in favour of BTL.
Fixed charge in favour of BTL over the entire issued share capital of Iona Huntington held or owned by Iona UK together with all Related Investment Rights and Related Rights (each as defined therein) in respect thereof. Charge in favour of BTL over the Repayment Escrow Account and the Deposit (each as defined therein).
Debenture granting fixed and floating charges in favour of BTL over all or substantially all of Iona UK's property, assets, rights and revenues. Security in favour of BTL over the Pledged Account (as defined therein).

30 September 2013
30

Norwegian Norwegian

16

Pledge in favour of BTL over the Pledge Account (as defined therein).
Pledge in favour of BTL over the Pledge Account (as defined

No. Charge
Pledge Agreement

Parties  BTL

Date
September 2013

Governing Law

Particulars therein).

17

B.

SECURITY GRANTED BY IONA HUNTINGTON

No.

Charge

1. Bond

and

Floating

Charge

Parties  Iona Huntington  Bond Trustee

2. Debenture

 Iona Huntington  Bond Trustee

3. Security Assignment

4. Guarantee

(clause 13 of

the

Bond

Agreement)

5. Bond

and

Floating

Charge

6. Debenture

7. Security Assignment

 Iona UK  Iona Huntington  Bond Trustee  Iona Huntington  Iona UK  Bond Trustee
 Iona Huntington  BTL
 Iona Huntington  BTL
 Iona Huntington  Iona UK  BTL

Date 30 September 2013
30 September 2013
30 September 2013 26 September 2013
30 September 2013 30 September 2013 30 September 2013

Governing Law Scottish
English
English Norwegian

Particulars Floating charge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the whole property and undertaking (including uncalled capital but excluding any Excluded Asset) of Iona Huntington. Debenture containing fixed and floating charges in favour of the Bond Trustee over all or substantially all of Iona Huntington's property, assets, rights and revenues.
Assignment of the Intercompany Receivables (as defined therein) and all associated rights in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
An unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee.

Scottish English English

Floating charge in favour of BTL over all of the property, assets and undertaking (including uncalled capital) of Iona Huntington.
Debenture containing fixed and floating charges in favour of BTL over all or substantially all of Iona Huntington's property, assets, rights and revenues. Assignment of the Intercompany Receivables (as defined therein) and all associated rights in favour of BTL.

18

Rule 2.19
The Insolvency Act 1986
Notice of administrator's appointment
Pursuant to paragraph 46 of Schedule B1 to the Insolvency Act 1986 and Rule 2,19 of the Insolvency (Scotland) Rules 1986

Form 2.1 lB(Scot)

Name of Company Iona Energy Company (UK) PLC

Company Number SC335305

(a) Insert full name(s) and address(es)

UWe (a) Chad Griffin and Lisa Jane Rickelton
both of FTI Consulting LLP 200 Aldersgate, Aldersgate Street London
EC 1A 4H D

give notice that *4was-/ we were appointed as administrator(s) of the above company on: Delete as applicable (b) 6 January 2016

(b) insert date an(j attach a copy of the administration order / notice of appointment.

Signed

-----------

Dated 6jL L //

Joint / Administrator(s) (IP JSfo(s) Chad Griffin - 9528 & Lisa Jane Rickelton - 10594)

Contact Details:
Voa do not have to give any contact information in the box opposite but if you do, it will help Companies House to contact you if there is a query on the form. The contact information that you give will be visible to searchers of the public record

FTI Consulting LLP
200 Aldersgate, Aldersgate Street, London EC1A 41ID

DX Number

Tel 020 3727 1000 DX Exchange

When you have completed ar.d signed this form please send it to the Registrar of Companies at:

Companies House receipt date barcode

Companies House, 4th Floor, Edinburgh Quay 2,139 Fountainbridge, Edinburgh, EH3 9FF DX 235 Edinburgh / LP 4 Edinburgh-2

Rule 2.27
The Insolvency Act 1986
Notice of administrator's appointment

Form 2.12B(CH)

Name of Company Iona UK Huntington Limited

Company number 07385624

In the High Court of Justice, Chancery Division, Companies Court

Court case number C R - 2.01 'T - o o cn z 5 ` *

(a; insert full name(s) and aodress(es)

{/W e (a) Chad Griffin and Lisa Jane Rickelton
both of FTI Consulting LLP 200 Aldersgate, Aldersgate Street London EC1A4HD

^delete as applicable

give notice that *1was / we were appointed as administrator(s) of the above company on:

(b) Insert date

(b) 6 January 2016

Signed _
Dated _ C f t / / 6
Joint / Administrator(s) (IP No(s) Chad Griffin - 9528 & Lisa Jane Rickelton - 10594)

Contact Details:
You do not have to give any contact information in the box opposite but if you do, it will help Companies House to contact you if there is a query on the form. The contact information that you give will be visible to searchers of the public record

FTI Consulting LLP
200 Aldersgate, Aldersgate Street, London EC1A 4HD

DX Number

Tel 020 3727 1000 DX Exchange

Companies House receipt date barcode

When you have completed and signed this form, please send it to the Registrar of Companies at:

Companies House, Crown Way, Cardiff CF14 3UZ

DX 33050 Cardiff

CREDITOR'S STATEMENT OF CLAIM

Iona Energy Company (UK) Pic Iona UK Huntington Limited



- both in Administration (together "the Companies")

(Please tick the box corresponding to the company you are making a claim in)

Date of Administration - 6 January 2016

Name and address of creditor:

Amount claimed in the

Administration:

(Including VAT)



Signature of creditor: Name of contact: Telephone: Fax: E-mail: Date:

__________ /_________ /.

Please provide appropriate documentation in support of your claim.
If you are registered for VAT the amount claimed should include VAT even if VAT bad debt relief has been claimed under the Value Added Tax Act 1994.
Please return this form when you have completed it to William Marsden at FTI Consulting LLP, 200 Aldersgate, Aldersgate Street, London, EC1A 4HD.

Creditors registered for VAT may be able to claim VAT bad debt relief in accordance with Section 36 Value Added Tax Act 1994. In broad terms relief is available when the debt is six months old and "written off" by the creditor entering it on his VAT refunds-for-bad-debts-account.
Claims lodged in the Administration should be gross, including any VAT element. If/when dividends are paid, creditors who have claimed VAT bad debt relief must apportion the dividend between VAT and the net element of their claim and account to HM Customs and Excise for the VAT element through their VAT return.
Insolvency Practitioners have no role in administering VAT bad debt relief under the Value Added Tax Act 1994. Creditors who are uncertain how to claim should contact their VAT office or take professional advice.

