NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

To the bondholders in: ISIN NO 001 0604697 ISIN NO 001 0604705 ISIN NO 001 036425.0 ISIN NO 001 050672.8

- 5.0 per cent Cecon ASA Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2013 with Warrants
- 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016
- 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche Cl Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016
- 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C2 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016

Oslo, 21 February 2013
Occurrence of Effective Date
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") acts as loan trustee for the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in the abovementioned bond loans.
We refer to a summons to a meeting of Bondholders dated 18 February 2013 (the "Summons"). Terms defined in the Summons shall have the same meaning when used herein.
The Effective Date (as defined within an amendment agreement entered into between, inter alia, Cecon ASA and the Loan Trustee dated 20 February 2013) has now occurred and the Proposal has been implemented. The Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement is therefore now in force.
Copies of the execution version of each of the following documents are attached to this notice:
1. York Bond Loan Agreement; 2. Intercreditor Agreement; and 3. Amendment Agreement, including the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement.
Blacklines are also attached which show changes made to the execution version of each of the above documents as against the versions attached to the Summons.
The bondholder meeting scheduled for 5 March 2013 will still proceed, with the business of that meeting being to ratify the steps taken by the Loan Trustee to implement the Proposal.

Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate I, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 ) Fax:+47 22 87 9 410 | www.trustee.no

EXECUTION VERSION
ISIN NO 001 067230.6 (Tranche A Bonds) ISIN NO 001 067229.8 (Tranche B Bonds) BOND LOAN AGREEMENT between CECON ASA (Parent Guarantor) and REVER OFFSHORE AS (Parent Issuer) and CECON SHIPPING 2 AS, CECON SHIPPING 1 AS AND CECON SHIPPING 3 AS (Subsidiary Issuers) and NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of THE BONDHOLDERS in the issue Rever Offshore AS Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2013/2014
Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2013/2014
and the other Bonds as set forth herein
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
TABLE OF CONTENTS 1 Definitions and Construction............................................................................................. 3 2 The Bonds........................................................................................................................ 20 3 Listing.............................................................................................................................. 23 4 Registration in the Securities Depository........................................................................ 24 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds........................................................................................ 24 6 Conditions Precedent....................................................................................................... 24 7 Representations and Warranties....................................................................................... 27 8 Status of the Bond and Bond Security............................................................................. 32 9 Interest and Profit............................................................................................................. 33 10 Maturity of the Bonds, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option................ 34 11 Payments.......................................................................................................................... 38 12 Issuers' Acquisition of Issuers' Bonds............................................................................ 39 13 Covenants......................................................................................................................... 39 14 Fees and Expenses........................................................................................................... 47 15 Events of Default............................................................................................................. 48 16 Authority of the Bondholders' Meetingand the Bond Trustee........................................ 52 17 The Bond Trustee............................................................................................................. 55 18 Miscellaneous.................................................................................................................. 59 19 Eligible Purchasers and Transfer Restrictions................................................................. 63

LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

BOND LOAN AGREEMENT
This agreement has been entered into on February 19, 2013 between Rever Offshore AS (Company No 899 329 872) as issuer in respect of the Tranche A Bonds described below (the "Parent Issuer"), Cecon shipping 2 AS (Company No 991 789 650) ("Cecon 2") as issuer in respect of the Tranche B Bonds described below, Cecon Shipping 1 AS (Company No 991 789 677) ("Cecon 1") as issuer in respect of the Tranche C Bonds described below, Cecon Shipping 3 AS (Company No 991 789 685) ("Cecon 3") as issuer in respect of the Tranche D Bonds described below (Cecon 2, Cecon 1 and Cecon 3 together the "Subsidiary Issuers" and together with the Parent Issuer, the "Issuers"), Cecon ASA (Company No 938 803 595) as guarantor in respect of each of the Bonds described below (the "Parent Guarantor") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bond Trustee").
1 Definitions and Construction
1.1 Whenever used in this Bond Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:
15 Day Auction End Date: is defined in Clause 13.2(h).

20 Day Auction End Date: is defined in Clause 13.2(g).

Account Manager: Additional Bonds:

a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
is defined in Clause 2.6 (Additional Bonds).

Additional Bonds Issue Date: the date of issuance of any Additional Bonds.

Additional Bonds Maturity Date:
Additional Bonds Profit:

means:
(i) in respect of Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 2, the Tranche A and B Maturity Date;
(ii) in respect of Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 1, the Tranche C Maturity Date; and
(iii) in respect of Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 3, the Tranche D Maturity Date.
(i) with respect to any Issue of Primary Additional Bonds, a fixed amount equal to 20.0% of the aggregate principal amount of such Issue and (ii) with respect to

LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

3

Attachment: Banking Day: Bond Loan Agreement: Bond Security:
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
any Issue of Secondary Additional Bonds, a fixed amount equal to 30.0% of the aggregate principal amount of such Issue.
the attachments to this Bond Loan Agreement.
any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo and New York.
this bond loan agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time.
the security for the Bonds created or purported to be created pursuant to the Security Documents, which includes, inter alia:
(i) first priority perfected and registered ship mortgages on, and security interests in, each of the Vessels, with the related Deeds of Covenants;
(ii) first priority perfected and registered hypothecs with respect to all movable property related to each of the Vessels;
(iii) first priority perfected Security over the materials and equipment earmarked for use in the construction of the Vessels;
(iv) first priority perfected and registered Security on, assignments of, and security interests over, any monetary claims arising under any of the Completion Contracts;
(v) first priority assignments of insurance in respect of each of the Vessels providing that the Bond Trustee is first loss payee and additional insured in respect of the collateral listed in paragraphs (i) to (iv) above;
(vi) a first priority pledge over the shares in each Rever Obligor owned by any Obligor;
(vii) a first priority pledge over each of the Cash Management Accounts and any other accounts held
4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

by each of the Rever Obligors;
(viii) a first priority charge on certain intercompany debts owing by any Obligor to any Obligor;
(ix) a first priority pledge over any insurances held by each of the Rever Obligors; and

(x) first ranking security over substantially all of the other assets of each Rever Obligor.

Bond Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee.

Bondholders:

the holders of the Bonds, as registered in the Securities Depository.

Bondholders' Meeting:

a meeting of the Bondholders in respect of one or more Issues of the Bonds, as set forth in Clause 16.

Bonds:

collectively, the Tranche A Bonds, the Tranche B Bonds, the Tranche C Bonds, the Tranche D Bonds and any and all Additional Bonds.

Call Option:

is defined in Clause 10.4(b).

Cash Management Accounts:

collectively, the Tranche B Cash Management Account, the Tranche C Cash Management Account and the Tranche D Cash Management Account.

Cecon 1

Cecon Shipping 1 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 677).

Cecon 2

Cecon Shipping 2 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 650).

Cecon 3

Cecon Shipping 3 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 685).

Cecon Funding Commitment: is defined in Clause 13.2(j).

Chairman:

the chairman of the board of directors of the Parent Issuer.

5
LEG A L US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Change of Control Event:

if and when any person or a group of persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, acquires Decisive Influence over the Parent Issuer (other than the Parent Guarantor) or the Parent Guarantor.

Completion Contracts:

the vessel completion contracts entered into by the Subsidiary Issuers relating to the construction and completion of the Vessels fully equipped (including any insurance and guarantees relating thereto), as the same may be amended, modified or replaced from time to time to the extent permitted by this Bond Loan Agreement.

Construction Budget Schedule:

with respect to any Vessel, the schedule set forth as Attachment 2 with respect to such Vessel, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in connection with the Issue of Tranche B Bonds, Tranche C Bonds and Tranche D Bonds.1

Construction Progress Report:

the weekly report delivered to the Bond Trustee consisting of (i) any milestone or other reports prepared under any Completion Contracts since the delivery of the prior Construction Progress Report and (ii) a brief comparison of the progress of the construction of the Vessels to the relevant Construction Budget Schedule.

Davie Agreement:

the Subordination and Rights Agreement between Chantier Davie Canada Inc., the Bond Trustee and the Parent Issuer entered into on or about the date hereof.

Davie Entities:

Chantier Davie Canada Inc. (English version: Davie Canada Yard Inc.), a corporation incorporated under the federal laws of Canada and continued under the provincial laws of Quebec, together with its Subsidiaries; and any alternative yard as set forth in Clause 15.1(j).

Davie Yard:

the yard at Levis, Quebec, Canada owned as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement by the Davie Entities.

1 To include a 10% cushion on agreed budget.
6 LEGAL US E#102031623.16

Decisive Influence:
Default: Defeasance Pledge: Delivery Date: Distribution: EDC: EDC Loan:
EDC Loan Agreement: Event of Default:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(i) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(ii) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors or comparable governing body of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
an event or condition the occurrence or existence of which would, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both, become an Event of Default.
is defined in Clause 18.2.
with respect to each Vessel, the date of execution of the Protocol of Delivery and Acceptance as set forth in Clause 6.4.3 of each of the Completion Contracts.
is defined in Clause 13.2(d).
Export Development Canada.
the indebtedness (including indebtedness under hedging instruments for reducing currency and interest rate exposure related to such indebtedness) advanced to the Subsidiary Issuers pursuant to the EDC Loan Agreement exclusively for the part-financing of the Vessels.
the loan agreement dated April 23, 2009 between the Subsidiary Issuers and EDC, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, replaced or refinanced from time to time, including through the Initial Issue Date.
is defined in Clause 15.1.

7
LEG A L US E # 102031623.16

Excess Amount:
Excess Construction Expenses: Exchange: Exercise Long Stop Date: Existing Bond Loan Agreement: Existing Bonds:
Existing Bonds Security:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
on any date of determination, the amount by which the funds necessary to complete a given Vessel (in the reasonable determination of the relevant Issuer) exceeds the amount remaining in the Cash Management Account for the relevant Issue of Bonds issued for the purpose of completing such Vessel, as certified in a certificate of an officer of the Parent Issuer.
with respect to each Vessel, at each Milestone Date, the amount by which construction expenses incurred in connection with such Vessel exceeds the Construction Budget Schedule for such Vessel for the applicable period(s).
(i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
is defined in Clause 10.8.
the bond loan agreement with respect to the Existing Bonds entered into on 30 April 2007 (as amended), and which will be further amended and restated on or about the date hereof.
collectively, the 5.0 per cent Cecon ASA Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2013 with Warrants, the 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, the 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C1 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016 and the 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C2 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, as amended in accordance with the Existing Bond Loan Agreement.
the security for the Existing Bonds created or purported to be created pursuant to the Security Documents, which includes, inter alia:
(i) second priority perfected and registered ship mortgages on, and security interests in, each of the

8
LEG A L US E # 102031623.16

Finance Documents:
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Vessels, with the related Deeds of Covenant;
(ii) second priority perfected and registered hypothecs with respect to all movable property related to each of the Vessels;
(iii) second priority perfected Security over the materials and equipment earmarked for use in the construction of the Vessels;
(iv) second priority perfected and registered Security on, assignments of, and security interests over, any monetary claims arising under any of the Completion Contracts;
(v) second priority assignments of insurance in respect of each of the Vessels providing that the Bond Trustee is second loss payee and additional insured in respect of the collateral listed in paragraphs (i) to (iv) above;
(vi) a second priority pledge over the shares in each Rever Obligor owned by any Obligor;
(vii) a second priority pledge over each of the Cash Management Accounts and any other accounts held by each of the Rever Obligors;
(viii) a second priority charge on certain intercompany debts owing by any Obligor to any Obligor; and
(ix) a second priority pledge over any insurances held by each of the Rever Obligors;
(x) second ranking security over substantially all of the other assets of each Rever Obligor.
means (i) this Bond Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1, (iii) the Guarantee Agreement(s), (iv) each Security Document and any other documents executed in relation to the granting of any Bond Security, (v) the Tranche A and B Application Agreements, (vi) the Davie Agreement and (vii) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by any Obligor in relation to any obligation under this Bond Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred
9

Financial Indebtedness:
Financial Statements:
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
to in this definition, each as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time.
any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(i) moneys borrowed;
(ii) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(iv) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(v) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non recourse basis);
(vi) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(viii) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vii) above.
the audited unconsolidated annual financial statements of each Obligor, and the consolidated annual financial statements (including consolidating adjustments) of the Parent Issuer and the Parent Guarantor for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash
10

Funds Flow: GAAP: Governmental Authority:
Group: Group Company: Guarantee Agreement: Guarantees:
Guarantor: Hull 717 Hull 718

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
flow statement and report from the board of directors.
a funds flow showing all sources and uses of funds related to the transactions contemplated hereby on the Initial Issue Date, duly executed by all parties hereto.
the generally accepted accounting principles in Norway; provided that such principles are IFRS-compliant.
any government, parliament, legislature, or any regulatory authority, agency, commission or board of any government, parliament or legislature, or any court or (without limitation to the foregoing) any other law, regulation or rule-making entity (including, without limitation, any stock exchange, securities regulatory authority, central bank, fiscal or monetary authority or authority regulating banks), having jurisdiction in the relevant circumstances.
the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (direct and indirect).
the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries.
The guarantee agreement executed among the Obligors dated on or about the date hereof, as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time.
an unconditional, irrevocable and joint and several on demand guarantee from the Obligors securing all payment obligations of each of the Issuers under the Finance Documents, pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.
at any time, any member of the Group that provides, or is required to provide, a Guarantee at such time.
the VS 4220 Offshore Construction Vessel owned by Cecon 2 and under construction at Davie Yard as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement with yard no. 717.
the VS 4220 Offshore Construction Vessel owned by Cecon 1 and under construction at Davie Yard as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement with yard no. 718.

11
LEG A L US E # 102031623.16

Hull 719 IFRS: Initial Issue Date: Intercreditor Agreement:
Interim Accounts:
ISIN: Issue: Issuers:
Issuers' Bonds:
Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption: Managers:
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
the VS 4220 Offshore Construction Vessel owned by Cecon 3 and under construction at Davie Yard as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement with yard no. 719.
the international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002.
February 21, 2013.
the intercreditor and subordination agreement dated on or about the date hereof among the Security Agent and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as security agent for the Existing Bonds, as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time.
the unaudited unconsolidated quarterly financial statements of each Obligor, and the consolidated quarterly financial statements (including consolidating adjustments) of the Parent Issuer and the Parent Guarantor for any quarter, drawn up according to GAAP.
International Securities Identification Number - the identification number o f each Issue.
with respect to any Bonds, the issue of such Bonds.
the Parent Issuer and the Subsidiary Issuers; provided that "Issuers" shall not include any entity that has been released from its Guarantee pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.
with respect to any Issue of Bonds, any Bonds owned by any Obligor, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over any Obligor, or any person or persons over whom any Obligor has Decisive Influence. For the avoidance of doubt, Issuers' Bonds shall not include any Bonds held by or for the benefit of York, subject to York holding less than 50% of the voting rights in each Obligor.
is defined in Clause 10.7.
the managers for the Issue, being ABG Sundal Collier
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Norge ASA and Pareto Securities AS.

Milestone Date:

with respect to any Vessel, any milestone date as set forth in the Construction Budget Schedule with respect to such Vessel.

Money Laundering Laws:

is defined in 7.1(v).

New Shares:

the issue to York of shares in the Parent Issuer comprising 15.0% of the aggregate number of issued shares of the Parent Issuer on a fully diluted basis.

NOK:

Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.

Non-Rever Group:

collectively, the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries other than the Rever Obligors.

Obligor:

the Issuers and each Guarantor; provided that "Obligor" shall not include any entity that has been released from its Guarantee pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.

OFAC:

is defined in Clause 7.1(w).

Outstanding Bonds:

(i) in respect of any Issue of Bonds, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of that Issue; and

(ii) in respect of all of the Bonds, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Issues.

Parent Guarantor:

Cecon ASA (Norwegian Company No 938 803 595), the ultimate parent company of each of the Issuers.

Parent Guarantor Working as defined in Clause 2.2. Capital Amount:

Parent Issuer:

Rever Offshore AS (Norwegian Company No 899 329 872), the parent company of each of the Subsidiary Issuers.

Paying Agent:

the legal entity appointed by the Issuers to act as their paying agent in the Securities Depositary with respect to the Bonds.

Payment Date:

a date for payment of principal, Profit or interest under

13
LEG A L US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

this Bond Loan Agreement. If a Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the relevant payments shall be made on the following Banking Day.

Permitted 719 Financing:

the issuance or incurrence by Cecon 3 or any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor (other than a Rever Obligor) of bonds or loans the proceeds of which will be used to finance the completion of Hull 719 in part or in full, provided that no Tranche D Bonds have or will be issued.

Permitted Refinancing:

with respect to any Issue of Bonds, the issuance or incurrence by the applicable Issuer of bonds or loans, the proceeds of which shall be used to repay not less than any and all Outstanding Bonds of the applicable Issue, and all Profit pertaining to the applicable Issue, interest, if any, and fees and other amounts owing in respect thereof, in their entirety; provided that such bonds or loans shall be on a non-recourse basis against the remaining Rever Obligors and their assets and revenues.

Primary Additional Bonds: is defined in Clause 2.6 (Additional Bonds).

Profit:

the Tranche A Profit, the Tranche B Profit and the Tranche C Profit.

Put Option:

is defined in Clause 10.8(a).

Regulation D:

Regulation D adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the US Securities Act.

Regulation S:

Regulation S adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the US Securities Act.

Rever Obligor:

each Obligor other than the Parent Guarantor.

Rule 144A:

Rule 144A under the US Securities Act.

SDN List:

is defined in Clause 7.1(w).

Secondary Additional Bonds: is defined in Clause 2.6 (Additional Bonds).

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which each Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in

14
LEG A L US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Securities Depository Act: Security:
Security Agent: Security and Covenant Defeasance: Security Documents:

Norway.
the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.
any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothec, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
the Bond Trustee or any other bank or institution appointed to act as such pursuant to Clause 17.4.
Shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
any document creating, establishing, recording, confirming, evidencing or preserving or otherwise related to any security relating to the Bonds (each as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time) and the Existing Bonds, including each of the following documents:
(i) the Intercreditor Agreement;
(ii) deeds of hypothec with respect to all movable property related to each of the Vessels;
(iii) a formalities certificate and related statement of completeness delivered by the Obligors;
(iv) a security agreement pertaining to insurance, intercompany debt, floating charges over trade receivables, machinery and plant and inventory, and a pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee over each of the Cash Management Accounts and any other accounts held by the Rever Obligors;
(v) a pledge agreement with respect to the Parent Issuer's shares in Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee, together with notices of pledge and acknowledgements of notice;
(vi) a pledge agreement with respect to the Parent Guarantor's shares in the Parent Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee together with notice of pledge and acknowledgement of notice;

15
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Solvent:
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(vii) a pledge over certain intercompany debts owed by any Obligor to any Obligor;
(viii) assignment(s) in respect of the First Priority Assignments of Insurance and the Second Priority Assignments of Insurance;
(ix) a Builder's Mortgage in respect of Hull 717 by Cecon 2 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(x) a Deed of Covenants in respect of Hull 717 by Cecon 2 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xi) an Assignment of Insurance in respect of Hull 717 by Cecon 2 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xii) a Builder's Mortgage in respect of Hull 718 by Cecon 1 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xiii) a Deed of Covenants in respect of Hull 718 by Cecon 1 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xiv) an Assignment of Insurance in respect of Hull 718 by Cecon 1 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xv) a Builder's Mortgage in respect of Hull 719 by Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xvi) a Deed of Covenants in respect of Hull 719 by Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee; and
(xvii) an Assignment of Insurance in respect of Hull 719 by Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
together with any documents, certificates and instruments reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in order to perfect the security interests granted pursuant to the Security Documents.
with respect to any person or entity as of any date of determination, that, as of such date, (a) the value of the assets of such person or entity (both at fair value and present fair saleable value) is greater than the total amount of liabilities (including contingent and unliquidated liabilities) of such person or entity, (b) such person or entity is able to pay all liabilities of such person or entity as such liabilities mature and (c) such person or entity does not have unreasonably small capital. In computing the amount of contingent or unliquidated liabilities at any time, such liabilities shall be computed at the amount that, in light of all the facts
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

Stamdata:

the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

Subscription and Put Option Agreement:

the subscription and put option agreement between the Parent Issuer, the Parent Guarantor and York and dated on or about the date hereof.

Subsidiary:

a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

Subsidiary Issuers:

Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3.

Tranche A Profit:

USD 8,720,930.00, which shall be allocated pro rata among the Tranche A Bonds.

Tranche A Bonds:

the series of bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement constituting Rever Offshore AS Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2013/2014, with ISIN NO 001 067230.6.

Tranche A and B Application the application agreements dated on or about the date

Agreements:

hereof in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the

Tranche B Bonds.

Tranche A and B Maturity February 21, 2014. Date:

Tranche B Bonds:

the series of bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement constituting Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2013/2014, with ISIN NO 001 067229.8.

Tranche B Cash Management Account:

a blocked account in the name of Cecon 2 with a bank of recognized national standing selected by the Bond Trustee that is subject to a perfected first priority pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in respect of which the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights, and into which the net proceeds of the issuance of the Tranche B Bonds and any Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 2 are to be paid.

17
LEG A L US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Tranche B Profit:

USD 16,279,070.00, which shall be allocated pro rata among the Tranche B Bonds.

Tranche C Bonds:

the series of bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement as set forth in Clause 2.4.

Tranche C Cash Management Account:

a blocked account in the name of Cecon 1 with a bank of recognized national standing selected by the Bond Trustee that is subject to a perfected first priority pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in respect of which the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights, and into which the net proceeds of the issuance of the Tranche C Bonds and any Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 1 are to be paid.

Tranche C Issue Date:

the date of issuance of the Tranche C Bonds.

Tranche C Maturity Date:

the date that is 15 months after the Tranche C Issue Date.

Tranche C Profit:

USD 17,500,000, which shall be allocated pro rata among the Tranche C Bonds.

Tranche D Bonds:

the series of bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement as set forth in Clause 2.5.

Tranche D Cash Management Account:

a blocked account in the name of Cecon 3 with a bank of recognized national standing selected by the Bond Trustee that is subject to a perfected first priority pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in respect of which the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights, and into which the net proceeds of the issuance of the Tranche D Bonds and any Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 3 are to be paid.

Tranche D Issue Date:

the date of issuance of the Tranche D Bonds.

Tranche D Maturity Date:

the date that is 24 months after the Tranche D Issue Date.

US Exchange Act:

the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

US Securities Act:

the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

18
LEG A L US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

USD:

US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

Vessel Completion Mandatory as defined in Clause 10.6. Redemption:

Vessels:

Hull 717, Hull 718 and Hull 719 (each a "Vessel"), to the extent the same constitute Bond Security.

Voting Bonds:

in respect of any Issue, all of the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue other than Issuers' Bonds.

York:

one or more Bondholders or holders of shares issued by the Parent Issuer controlled by York Capital Management Global Advisors, LLC (a company existing under the laws of New York with SEC File No. 801-70315) or its affiliates.

1.2 Construction. In this Bond Loan Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses and Attachments are references to the Clauses of and Attachments to this Bond Loan Agreement;

(d) any reference to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors or comparable governing body of the Parent Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise;

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality);

19
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(h) any reference to an "Issue Date" of the Bonds shall be a reference to the Initial Issue Date, the Tranche C Issue Date, the Tranche D Issue Date or the relevant Additional Bonds Issue Date, as applicable;
(i) any reference to a "Cash Management Account" shall be a reference to the Tranche B Cash Management Account, the Tranche C Cash Management Account or the Tranche D Cash Management Account, as applicable;
(j) any reference to a "Profit" shall be a reference to the Tranche A Profit, the Tranche B Profit, the Tranche C Profit or the Additional Bonds Profit, as applicable;
(k) any reference to a "Maturity Date" shall be a reference to the Tranche A and B Maturity Date, the Tranche C Maturity Date, the Tranche D Maturity Date or the relevant Additional Bonds Maturity Date, as applicable;
(l) any reference to an "Issuer" of the Bonds shall be a reference to the Parent Issuer, Cecon 1, Cecon 2 or Cecon 3, as applicable; and
(m) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.
2 The Bonds
2.1 Binding nature of this Bond Loan Agreement. By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and each other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
2.2 Tranche A Bonds. The Parent Issuer has resolved to issue Tranche A Bonds on the Initial Issue Date in an aggregate principal amount of USD 37,500,000 (U.S. Dollar thirty seven million five hundred thousand).
The Tranche A Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1,000.00 each and rank pari passu between themselves and in right of payment with all other senior indebtedness of the Parent Issuer.
The Tranche A Bonds will be described as the "Rever Offshore AS Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2013/2014".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Tranche A Bonds will be NO 001 067230.6.
The term of the Tranche A Bonds is from and including the Initial Issue Date to the Tranche A and B Maturity Date.
As set forth in the Funds Flow, the net proceeds of the Tranche A Bonds shall be applied to the assignment of the EDC Loan in full to the Parent Guarantor for USD 27,000,000 (U.S. Dollar twenty seven million), to provide USD 5,400,000 (U.S. Dollar five million
20
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
four hundred thousand) of incremental working capital to the Parent Guarantor (the "Parent Guarantor Working Capital Amount"), to fund USD 2,000,000 (U S. Dollar two million) of working capital to the Parent Issuer and to fund any related financial advisory and legal fees in connection with the funding of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds.
2.3 Tranche B Bonds. Cecon 2 has resolved to issue the Tranche B Bonds on the Initial Issue Date in an aggregate principal amount of USD 70,000,000 (U.S. Dollar seventy million).
The Tranche B Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1,000.00 each and rank pari passu between themselves and with all other senior indebtedness of Cecon 2.
The Tranche B Bonds will be described as the "Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2013/2014".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Tranche B Bonds will be NO 001 067229.8.
The term of the Tranche B Bonds is from and including the Initial Issue Date to the Tranche A and B Maturity Date.
The proceeds of the Tranche B Bonds shall be funded into the Tranche B Cash Management Account and shall be released from the Tranche B Cash Management Account to the Davie Entities from time to time to fund construction of Hull 717:
(a) as set forth in the Construction Budget Schedule if the Parent Issuer (acting as the agent for Cecon 2) delivers to the Bond Trustee an officer's certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Attachment 3; or
(b) as instructed by the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of holders of 75% of the Tranche B Bonds that are Voting Bonds).
2.4 Tranche C Bonds. Subject to the conditions set forth in Clause 6, Cecon 1 may issue the Tranche C Bonds on the Tranche C Issue Date in an aggregate principal amount of USD 75,000,000 (U.S. Dollar seventy five million).
The Tranche C Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1,000.00 each and will rank pari passu between themselves and with all other senior indebtedness of Cecon 1.
The registration number (ISIN) and title of the Tranche C Bonds will be determined on or about the Tranche C Issue Date.
The term of the Tranche C Bonds is from and including the Tranche C Issue Date to the Tranche C Maturity Date.
The proceeds of the Tranche C Bonds shall be funded into the Tranche C Cash Management Account and shall be released from the Tranche C Cash Management Account to the Davie Entities from time to time to fund construction of Hull 718:
21
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) as set forth in the Construction Budget Schedule if, on such date, the Parent Issuer (acting as the agent for Cecon 1) delivers to the Bond Trustee an officer's certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Attachment 3; or
(b) as instructed by the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of holders of 75% of the Tranche C Bonds that are Voting Bonds).
For the avoidance of doubt, Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds shall not be required to purchase the Tranche C Bonds, and purchasers of the Tranche C Bonds shall become "Bondholders" for purposes of this Bond Loan Agreement.
2.5 Tranche D Bonds. Subject to the conditions set forth in Clause 6, Cecon 3 may issue the Tranche D Bonds on the Tranche D Issue Date in an aggregate principal amount of USD 100,000,000 (U.S. Dollar one hundred million).
The Tranche D Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1,000.00 each and will rank pari passu between themselves and with all other senior indebtedness of Cecon 3.
The registration number (ISIN) and title of the Tranche D Bonds will be determined on or about the Tranche D Issue Date.
The term of the Tranche D Bonds is from and including the Tranche D Issue Date to the Tranche D Maturity Date.
The proceeds of the Tranche D Bonds shall be funded into the Tranche D Cash Management Account and shall be released from the Tranche D Cash Management Account to the Davie Entities from time to time to fund construction of Hull 719:
(a) as set forth in the Construction Budget Schedule if, on such date, the Parent Issuer (acting as the agent for Cecon 3) delivers to the Bond Trustee an officer's certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Attachment 3; or
(b) as instructed by the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of holders of 75% of the Tranche D Bonds that are Voting Bonds).
For the avoidance of doubt, Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds, the Tranche B Bonds and the Tranche C Bonds shall not be required to purchase the Tranche D Bonds, and purchasers o f the Tranche D Bonds shall become "Bondholders" for purposes o f this Bond Loan Agreement.
2.6 Additional Bonds. Subject to Clause 6.4, the applicable Issuer may issue additional bonds ("Additional Bonds"), in an aggregate principal amount equal to (i) in respect of the Tranche B Bonds, the Excess Amount in respect of Hull 717 (ii) in respect of the Tranche C Bonds, the Excess Amount in respect of Hull 718 and (iii) in respect of the Tranche D Bonds, the Excess Amount in respect of Hull 719. Additional Bonds may be issued by each of Cecon 2, Cecon 1 (in the event the Tranche C Bonds have been or, concurrently with such issuance o f Additional Bonds, will be, issued) and Cecon 3 (in the
22
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
event the Tranche D Bonds have been or, concurrently with such issuance of Additional Bonds, will be, issued), only (a) in one issuance in a principal amount no greater than 10.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche A Bonds, Tranche C Bonds or Tranche D Bonds previously or concurrently issued by such Issuer (with respect to each such Issue of Bonds, "Primary Additional Bonds") or (b) in a second issuance in a principal amount which, when added to the principal amount of any Primary Additional Bonds issued by the relevant Issuer, exceeds 10.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche A Bonds, Tranche C Bonds or Tranche D Bonds previously or concurrently issued by such Issuer (with respect to each such Issue, "Secondary Additional Bonds"). In no event shall there occur, with respect to any Issuer, more than two issuances of Additional Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt no Additional Bonds may be issued by the Parent Issuer.
The aggregate principal amount of all Additional Bonds issued by all relevant Issuers shall not exceed USD 35,000,000 (U.S. Dollar thirty five million).
Any Additional Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1,000.00 each and will rank pari passu between themselves and with all other senior indebtedness of relevant Issuer.
The registration number (ISIN) and title of any Additional Bonds will be determined on or about the relevant Additional Bonds Issue Date.
The term of any Additional Bonds is from and including the relevant Additional Bonds Issue Date to the relevant Additional Bonds Maturity Date.
The proceeds of any Additional Bonds shall be funded into the relevant Issuer's Cash Management Account and shall be released from such Cash Management Account to the Davie Entities from time to time to fund construction of Hull 717, Hull 718 or Hull 719, as applicable:
(a) as set forth in the Construction Budget Schedule if, on such date, the Parent Issuer (acting as the agent for the relevant Subsidiary Issuer) delivers to the Bond Trustee an officer's certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Attachment 3; or
(b) as instructed by the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of holders of 75% of the relevant Issue of Additional Bonds that are Voting Bonds).
For the avoidance of doubt, existing Bondholders shall not be required to purchase any Additional Bonds, and purchasers of any Additional Bonds shall become "Bondholders" for purposes of this Bond Loan Agreement.
3 Listing
3.1 The Bonds will initially not be listed on an Exchange. An application may be made for listing on Oslo Børs or Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM") or the OTClist in Oslo at the discretion of the applicable Issuer.
23
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the applicable Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.
4 Registration in the Securities Depository
4.1 Each Issue and the Bonds shall prior to issuance be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions of the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Issuers shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Loan Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.
4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuers are under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.
5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds
5.1 Payment for the Bonds shall be made according to the relevant application agreement or otherwise agreed between the potential Bondholders and the relevant Issuer.
5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Loan Agreement.
6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 The issuance of the Tranche A Bonds and Tranche B Bonds will be subject to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) having received the documents listed below, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it at least one Banking Day prior to the Initial Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Obligors to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Obligors to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or
24
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorization to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Obligors;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for each Obligor, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of each Obligor;
(e) each Obligor's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);
(f) confirmation from the Managers that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the applicable Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;
(i) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.1, duly executed;
(j) [Reserved];
(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents);
(l) evidence that the EDC Loan has been (or substantially concurrently with the Initial Issue Date will be) transferred in full to the Parent Guarantor and all security interests and guarantees in respect thereof have been (or, in certain circumstances, promptly following the Initial Issue Date, will be) released and discharged;
(m) evidence that the New Shares have been (or substantially concurrently with the Initial Issue Date will be) issued in accordance with the Subscription and Put Option Agreement;
(n) evidence that the Existing Bonds and the related security interests have been (or substantially concurrently with the Initial Issue Date will be) amended in accordance with the Existing Bond Loan Agreement, and evidence that any Security related to the Existing Bonds and granted prior to the Bond Security has been (or substantially concurrently with the Initial Issue Date will be) released and discharged;
(o) establishment of the pledge over the Tranche B Cash Management Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the bank);
25
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(p) the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence of the establishment and perfection (subject, in certain circumstances, to perfection promptly following the Initial Issue Date) of the Bond Security (and any insurance certificates evidencing any insurance covering the Bond Security);
(q) the Funds Flow;
(r) delivery of a pro forma balance sheet of the Parent Issuer;
(s) payment (which may be substantially concurrent with the Initial Issue Date) of the subscription amount pursuant to the Tranche A and B Application Agreements;
(t) the Completion Contracts as in effect on the Initial Issue Date; and
(u) such other documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
6.2 The issuance of the Tranche C Bonds on the Tranche C Issue Date will be subject to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) having received the documents listed below, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it at least one Banking Day prior to the Tranche C Issue Date:
(a) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;
(b) establishment of the pledge over the Tranche C Cash Management Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the bank);
(c) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Issuer (on behalf of the Obligors and without personal liability) to the effect that all of the representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents are true and correct; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date;
(d) such amendments, supplements or other modifications to this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents (including additional Security Documents) as the Bond Trustee shall reasonably request to effect such Issue; and
(e) such other documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
6.3 The issuance of the Tranche D Bonds on the Tranche D Issue Date will be subject to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) having received the documents listed below, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it at least one Banking Day prior to the Tranche D Issue Date:
(a) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;
26
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) establishment of the pledge over the Tranche D Cash Management Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the bank);
(c) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Issuer (on behalf of the Obligors and without personal liability) to the effect that all of the representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents are true and correct; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; and
(d) such amendments, supplements or other modifications to this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents (including additional Security Documents) as the Bond Trustee shall reasonably request to effect such Issue; and
(e) such other documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
6.4 The issuance of any and all Additional Bonds will be subject to (i) the aggregate principal amount of all Issues of Additional Bonds not exceeding the maximum aggregate principal amount as stated in Clause 2.6, (ii) the Bond Trustee having received a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Issuer (on behalf of the Obligors and without personal liability) to the effect that the principal amount of such Additional Bonds is sufficient to complete the respective Vessel (in the reasonable determination of the relevant Issuer), (iii) the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) having received all documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request and (iv) no Default or Event of Default having occurred and being in continuation. The Bond Trustee will, if deemed necessary, on the issuing of any Additional Bonds make an addendum to this Bond Loan Agreement regulating the conditions for the Additional Bonds.
6.5 The issuance of each Issue of Bonds (including any Additional Bonds) is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuers, the Managers and the Paying Agent that the relevant documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
6.6 On the Initial Issue Date, the Managers shall make the net proceeds from the Tranche A Bonds available to the Parent Issuer and transfer the net proceeds from the Tranche B Bonds to the Tranche B Cash Management Account, as set forth in the Funds Flow. On the Tranche C Issue Date the Managers shall transfer the net proceeds from the Tranche C Bonds to the Tranche C Cash Management Account. On the Tranche D Issue Date the Managers shall transfer the net proceeds from the Tranche D Bonds to the Tranche D Cash Management Account.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Obligors hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders that:
27
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) each of the Obligors is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) each of the Obligors has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
(c) the Finance Documents and the Bonds constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto (other than the Bond Trustee), enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Obligors and/or for any Bond Security to constitute a valid and enforceable, perfected security interest in the property purported to be subject to such a security interest; except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law);
(d) the entry into and performance by each Obligor of the Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby and the issuance of the Bonds do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on that Obligor;
(e) after giving effect to each Issue, no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Obligors or any of their assets, or which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Obligors to perform their obligations under the Finance Documents;
(f) all documents and information which have been provided in connection with the refinancing occurring on or about the date of this Bond Loan Agreement represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Obligors' ability to perform their duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of all persons (including Governmental Authorities) required for the Obligors in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
28
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of Governmental Authorities required for the Obligors to carry on their businesses as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect;
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding, including with respect to environmental matters, is pending or, to the best of the Obligors' knowledge, threatened against any Obligor which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of that Obligor or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) the Obligors are not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which they may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) the Issuers' payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other secured, unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally;
(l) immediately after giving effect to each Issue and the Parent Guarantor's purchase of the EDC Loan, none of the Issuers has any Financial Indebtedness except for the Existing Bonds, the Bonds and Financial Indebtedness owed to the Obligors;
(m) each of the Obligors has conducted and is conducting its business in compliance with all applicable laws (including all applicable environmental laws and regulations) of each jurisdiction in which its business is carried on, other than acts of non-compliance that would not materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of that Obligor or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(n) the most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts of the Obligors indicate fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Obligors and their Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the periods therein specified, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP;
(o) there are no other material liabilities of the Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise), except as disclosed in the Financial Statements, and there has been no material change (whether actual, anticipated, contemplated or threatened, financial or otherwise) since the date of the most recent Financial Statements which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of that Obligor or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(p) [Reserved];
29
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(q) none of the Obligors has distributed or referred to and will not distribute or refer to any written communications (as defined in Rule 405 of the US Securities Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Bonds;
(r) none of the Obligors is and none of the Obligors owns or controls an open-end investment company, closed-end investment company, unit investment trust or face-amount certificate company that is or is required to be registered under Section 8 of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;
(s) none of the Obligors, their Subsidiaries or any person acting on their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) with respect to the Bonds or has taken or will take any action (including sale of securities into the United States) that would cause the exemption afforded by Rule 144A or Regulation S to be unavailable for offers and sales of the Bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement;
(t) none of the Obligors or their Subsidiaries or any person acting on their behalf has offered or will offer to sell, or has solicited or will solicit offers to buy, the Bonds in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons, by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Regulation D) or in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of the US Securities Act;
(u) none of the Obligors nor, to the knowledge of the Obligors, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of any Obligors is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of any applicable anticorruption laws, including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any "foreign official" (as such term may be defined in the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of applicable anticorruption laws; and the Obligors and, to the knowledge of the Obligors, their affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with all applicable anticorruption laws and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith;
(v) the operations of the Obligors are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable money laundering statutes and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the "Money Laundering Laws") and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authorities or any arbitrator involving any Obligor with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Obligors, threatened;
30
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(w) none of the Obligors nor, to the knowledge of the Obligors, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of any Obligor is currently included on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (the "SDN List") dated the date hereof and made available to the public on the internet site maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department ("OFAC"); and the Obligors will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Bonds, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, any joint venture partner or other person, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently included on the SDN List maintained by OFAC;
(x) each Obligor and its Subsidiaries has filed, has caused to be filed or has been included in all tax returns that are required to be filed and has paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, together with applicable interest and penalties, and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than any the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the relevant Obligor or its Subsidiary); no tax lien has been filed, and, to the knowledge of the Obligors, no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such tax, fee or other charge; no Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries is party to any tax sharing agreement;
(y) the Obligors have reviewed the Construction Budget Schedule, believe it to be reasonable and attainable, and know of no reason why it cannot reasonably be expected to be achieved;
(z) the Obligors have reviewed the valuations of each of the Vessels, believe them to be an accurate and fair estimate of the relevant values, subject to the assumptions contained therein (which assumptions the Obligors believe to be reasonable);
(aa) both before and after giving effect to the issuance of the Bonds issued on or prior to the date this representation and warranty is made or remade, the disbursement of the proceeds of such Bonds to or as directed by the Obligors, the consummation of the related transactions and the payment and accrual of all transaction costs in connection with the foregoing, the Obligors taken as a whole and individually are Solvent; provided that, with regard to the issuance of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds, the representation and warranty as to Solvency prior to such issuance is made on the assumption that, at the time that representation and warranty is made, this Bond Agreement has become fully effective, all conditions for the issuance of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds have been satisfied and the proceeds thereof will be disbursed in accordance with the Funds Flow immediately after the issuance thereof.
(bb) Cecon 2 is the rightful and legal owner of Hull 717; Cecon 1 is the rightful and legal owner of Hull 718; and Cecon 3 is the rightful and legal owner of Hull 719; and
31
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(cc) other than as set forth in the Financial Statements, including the notes thereto, there are no transactions of any kind between the Obligors and any of their respective affiliates, and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to such Obligor than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Loan Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on each Issue Date.
7.3 In the event of a misrepresentation, the Obligors shall jointly and severally indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered by it and by the Bondholders after the Initial Issue Date and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its and their reliance on the representations and warranties provided by the Obligors herein.
8 Status of the Bond and Bond Security
8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuers. The Bonds shall rank ahead of all subordinated capital of the relevant Issuer, including without limitation the Existing Bonds and guarantees thereof, and shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuers other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. Each Guarantee shall rank ahead of all subordinated capital of the relevant Guarantor, including without limitation the Existing Bonds and guarantees thereof, and shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations of the relevant Guarantor other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law.
8.2 The Bonds, including Profit, interest (if any), redemption premium (if any) and expenses, shall be secured by the Bond Security and shall be guaranteed by the Guarantors pursuant to the Guarantees.
8.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, but always subject to Clause 8.4, the Bond Security shall secure the Bonds in the following order:
(a) first, the Tranche B Bonds, the Tranche C Bonds and the Tranche D Bonds on a pari passu basis; and
(b) second, the Tranche A Bonds.
8.4 Subject to Clauses 11.6 and 14.6, after the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, any amounts or property (of any kind or character, whether in cash, securities or other property) from time to time received or recovered (including any such recovery by set-off, account combination or payment netting) by or on behalf of the Bond Trustee with respect to any of the amounts owing under the Finance Documents and/or in connection with the enforcement of the Finance Documents and/or the Bond Security shall be applied:
(a) first, to the repayment in full of all amounts owing in respect of the Tranche B Bonds, the Tranche C Bonds and the Tranche D Bonds (including unpaid Profit, interest (if any), redemption premium (if any) and fees) pro rata according to the
32
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
relative amount of Outstanding Bonds of each Issuer (including any Additional Bonds of such Issuer); provided that to the extent any funds are received in respect of a particular Vessel, and other Bond Security related to the applicable Subsidiary Issuer, the completion of which was the purpose for which a particular Issue of Bonds was issued, that Issue (including any Additional Bonds of such Issuer) shall be repaid with such funds prior to any other Issue being repaid with such funds;
(b) second, to the repayment in full of all amounts owing in respect of the Tranche A Bonds (including unpaid Profit, interest (if any), redemption premium (if any) and fees and including any Additional Bonds of such Issuer);
(c) third, to the bond trustee under the Existing Bonds for the repayment of any amounts outstanding under the Existing Bond Loan Agreement; and
(d) fourth, but always subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, the balance, if any, to the relevant Issuer(s).
8.5 The Bonds, including Profit, interest (if any), redemption premium (if any) and expenses, shall be secured by the Bond Security and shall be guaranteed by the Guarantors pursuant to the Guarantees.
9 Interest and Profit
9.1 Tranche A. Interest on the Tranche A Bonds shall equal the Tranche A Profit, which shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche A Bonds or the Tranche B Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.1, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche A Bonds or the Tranche B Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche A and B Maturity Date.
9.2 Tranche B. Interest on the Tranche B Bonds shall equal the Tranche B Profit, which shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche B Bonds or the Tranche A Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.1, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche B Bonds or the Tranche A Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche A and B Maturity Date.
9.3 Tranche C. If the Tranche C Bonds are issued, interest on the Tranche C Bonds shall equal the Tranche C Profit, which shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche C Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.2, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche C Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche C Maturity Date.
9.4 Tranche D. If the Tranche D Bonds are issued, interest on the Tranche D Bonds shall accrue at a rate of 20.0% per annum from and including the Tranche D Issue Date and shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche D Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.3, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche D Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche D Maturity Date.
33
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
9.5 Additional Bonds. In the event that any Additional Bonds are issued, interest on such Additional Bonds shall equal the Additional Bonds Profit, which shall be allocated pro rata among the Additional Bonds applicable to that Additional Bond issue. The Additional Bonds Profit applicable to a particular Additional Bond issue shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the applicable Additional Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.4, (ii) the acceleration of the applicable Additional Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the relevant Additional Bonds Maturity Date.
9.6 Interest Calculations. Interest with respect to the Tranche D Bonds shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless:
(a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or
(b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
10 Maturity of the Bonds, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option
10.1 Tranche A and B Maturity Date and Call Option.
(a) The Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds will mature in whole on the Tranche A and B Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount) plus the Tranche A Profit and the Tranche B Profit (less any Tranche A Profit or Tranche B Profit that has been paid due to a partial redemption of such Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.1(b) below).
(b) The Parent Issuer may at any time (on one or several occasions) redeem all or part of the Tranche A Bonds (the "Tranche A Call Option") at par (100% of the principal face amount) without premium or penalty; provided that the pro rata portion of the Tranche A Profit with respect to the portion of the aggregate principal amount so redeemed shall immediately become due and payable; provided, further, that if all Outstanding Bonds that are Tranche A Bonds are redeemed, all Outstanding Bonds that are Tranche B Bonds shall, along with any remaining Tranche B Profit, immediately become due and payable. Cecon 2 may at any time (on one or several occasions) redeem all or part of the Tranche B Bonds (the "Tranche B Call Option") at par (100% of the principal face amount) without premium or penalty; provided that the pro rata portion of the Tranche B Profit with respect to the portion of the aggregate principal amount so redeemed shall immediately become due and payable; provided, further, that if all Outstanding Bonds that are Tranche B Bonds are redeemed, all Outstanding Bonds that are Tranche A Bonds shall, along with any remaining Tranche A Profit, immediately become due and payable.
34
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
10.2 Tranche C Maturity Date and Call Option.
(a) The Tranche C Bonds will mature in whole on the Tranche C Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount) plus the Tranche C Profit (less any Tranche C Profit that has been paid due to a partial redemption of such Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2(b) below).
(b) Subject to Clause 10.5(d), Cecon 1 may at any time (on one or several occasions) redeem all or part of the Tranche C Bonds (the "Tranche C Call Option") at par (100% of the principal face amount) without premium or penalty; provided that the pro rata portion of the Tranche C Profit with respect to the portion of the aggregate principal amount so redeemed shall immediately become due and payable.
10.3 Tranche D Maturity Date and Call Option.
(a) The Tranche D Bonds will mature in whole on the Tranche D Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount) plus all accrued and unpaid interest.
(b) Subject to Clauses 10.5(d), Cecon 3 may at any time (on one or several occasions) redeem all or part of the Tranche D Bonds (the "Tranche D Call Option") at par (100% of the principal face amount) plus accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Tranche D Bonds to, but not including, the applicable redemption date, without additional premium or penalty.
10.4 Additional Bonds Maturity Date and Call Option.
(a) Any Additional Bonds will mature in whole on the applicable Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount) plus the Additional Bonds Profit (less any Additional Bonds Profit that has been paid due to a partial redemption of such Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.4(b) below).
(b) Subject to Clause 10.5(d), the applicable Issuer may at any time (on one or several occasions) redeem all or part of the Additional Bonds of a particular Issue (the "Additional Bonds Call Option" and each of the Additional Bonds Call Option, the Tranche A Call Option, the Tranche B Call Option, the Tranche C Call Option and the Tranche D Call Option, a "Call Option") at par (100% of the principal face amount) without premium or penalty; provided that the pro rata portion of the applicable Additional Bonds Profit with respect to the aggregate principal amount of Additional Bonds so redeemed shall immediately become due and payable.
10.5 Call Option Exercise.
(a) Should an Issuer exercise any Call Option, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository) no later than 30 Banking Days before the date of redemption.
35
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) Partial redemption of any Issue of the Bonds must be carried outpro rata among the Bondholders holding such Bonds (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).
(c) Bonds of any Issue redeemed by an Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds in respect of that Issue.
(d) If any portion of the Tranche A Bonds or the Tranche B Bonds is outstanding, then no Tranche C Bonds, Tranche D Bonds or Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 1 or Cecon 3 may be redeemed pursuant to Clauses 10.2(b), 10.3(b) or 10.4(b).
10.6 Mandatory Redemption due to a Vessel Completion.
(a) Upon each Delivery Date (each a "Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption Event"), the relevant Issuer (which shall include the Parent Issuer with respect to Hull 717) shall promptly, and in any event within 30 Banking Days of such Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption Event, redeem 100% of the Bonds of the relevant Issuer (including any Additional Bonds of that Issuer) at par (100% of the principal face amount) (a "Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption") plus the applicable Profit (including any applicable Additional Bonds Profit), but without any other premium or penalty; provided, however, that a Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption may be waived by Bondholders holding not less than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of Outstanding Bonds that are Voting Bonds of that Issuer (which shall include the Parent Issuer with respect to Hull 717).
(b) The Bond Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of any Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository) no later than 15 Banking Days before the date of the Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption.
10.7 Mandatory Redemption due to a Loss or Sale of a Vessel.
(a) If, in respect of any Vessel and prior to any Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption Event (in each case, other than a forced sale or voluntary sale initiated by the Bond Trustee due to an Event of Default or a potential Event of Default):
(i) such Vessel (or a material portion thereof) is assigned or sold or disposed of; or
(ii) the Parent Issuer's shares in the relevant Subsidiary Issuer are assigned or sold or disposed of or its respective ownership interest therein otherwise is diluted (other than pursuant to a reorganization or similar transaction pursuant to which each Subsidiary Issuer remains a wholly-owned direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Parent Issuer and each relevant direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Parent Issuer is or becomes a Guarantor); or
36
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iii) the relevant Completion Contract in respect of such Vessel is sold or assigned other than to a Rever Obligor, cancelled, terminated or disposed of (it being understood that the relevant Subsidiary Issuer might replace or substitute equipment contracts with new equipment or equipment contracts, provided that such replacement equipment or equipment contracts do not materially change the nature of such Vessel, and provided further that if such equipment and/or equipment contracts are or are intended to be subject to the Bond Security, such replacement equipment and/or equipment contracts shall be deemed part of the Completion Contract and shall be subject to the Bond Security to the extent practical and legally possible); or
(iv) there is a material impairment or constructive loss of the Vessel,
(each a "Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption Event"), the relevant Issuer (which shall include the Parent Issuer with respect to Hull 717) shall promptly, and in any event within 30 Banking Days of such Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption Event, redeem 100% of the Bonds of the relevant Issuer (including any Additional Bonds of that Issuer) at par (100% of the principal face amount) (a "Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption") plus the applicable Profit (including any applicable Additional Bonds Profit), but without any other premium or penalty.
(b) Other than with respect to the material impairment or constructive loss of a Vessel, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of any Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository) no later than 15 Banking Days before the date of the Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption. In the case of the material impairment or constructive loss of a Vessel, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed promptly upon the occurrence of any such Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository).
10.8 Change of Control Event.
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right to require the relevant Issuer to redeem its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds then outstanding plus all Profit pertaining to such Bonds on apro rata basis, but without any other premium or penalty.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification as set out in Clause 13.1(j) (the "Exercise Long Stop Date")
(c) The Put Option may be exercised by a Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of that Bondholder's exercise of its Put Option. The applicable Issuer shall redeem that Bondholder's Bonds on the date that is 15 Banking Days after the Exercise Long Stop Date. The applicable Issuer shall provide written notice to the Bond Trustee at least 7 Banking Days before the proposed redemption date,
37
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
confirming that it has sufficient funds to redeem all Bonds in respect of which a Put Option has been exercised.
(d) Bonds redeemed by an Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds in respect of that Issue.
11 Payments
11.1 Covenant to pay.
(a) The Obligors will on each Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document.
(b) The covenant contained in Clause 11.1(a) shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.
11.2 Payment mechanics.
(a) If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1(a), the Issuers shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.
(b) Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
(c) In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2(a) or 11.2(b) above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.
(d) Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuers in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1(a).
11.3 Currency.
(a) If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder shall provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details.
(b) Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same
38
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, a Bondholder has not provided account details as set out in Clause 11.2(a) at least five Banking Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.
(c) Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
11.4 Set-off and counterclaims.
(a) No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document.
11.5 Default Interest.
(a) In the event that any payment of Profit or principal in respect of the Bonds is not made on the applicable Payment Date, the Outstanding Bonds (which amount shall include all applicable Profit) shall bear (additional) interest from such Payment Date at an interest rate of 5.00% per annum.
(b) The Outstanding Bonds and applicable Profit shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to any of Clauses 15.2 through 15.5.
11.6 Partial Payments. If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:
(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents; and
(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any principal or Profit due but unpaid under this Bond Loan Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.
12 Issuers' Acquisition of Issuers' Bonds
12.1 The Issuers have the right to acquire and own Issuers' Bonds.
12.2 Issuers' Bonds may, at the Issuers' discretion, be retained by the relevant Issuer, sold or used for partial redemption of the Outstanding Bonds.
13 Covenants
13.1 From the Initial Issue Date until the repayment in full of all Bonds and all other amounts payable by the Issuers pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement, the Rever Obligors shall:
39
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Default or Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which such Rever Obligor believes is reasonably likely to lead to a Default or Event of Default;
(b) provide to the Bond Trustee the weekly Construction Progress Report;
(c) forward to the Bond Trustee Financial Statements and Interim Accounts as soon as they are available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 45 days after the end of the relevant interim report period;
(d) at the request of the Bond Trustee send a report outlining the balance (on an Issue-by-Issue basis) of Issuers' Bonds;
(e) forward to the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of any Obligor, including but not limited to, mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital;
(f) at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents and applicable laws and regulations;
(g) within a reasonable time limit provide such information about the Obligor's financial condition as the Bond Trustee reasonably requests;
(h) at the same time as any annual or interim quarterly reports are sent to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 13.1(c) confirm to the Bond Trustee the Rever Obligors' compliance with this Clause 13, such confirmation to be provided in a compliance certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Issuer (on behalf of the Obligors and without personal liability), and, in the event of any non-compliance describing the non-compliance, the reasons therefor and the steps the Obligors have taken and will take in order to rectify the non compliance;
(i) immediately upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Bond Trustee of any event that would reasonably be expected to hinder or prevent the construction of Vessels;
(j) immediately upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) if a Change of Control Event takes place;
(k) upon the formation of any new Subsidiary of the Parent Issuer, promptly procure:
(i) that such Subsidiary grants an unconditional, irrevocable and joint and several on-demand Guarantee in favour of the Bond Trustee securing all payment obligations of the Issuers under the Finance Documents;
40
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) that such Subsidiary becomes a party to all relevant Security Documents and makes any and all necessary filings and registrations and takes all other actions necessary to grant in favour of the Bond Trustee a firstpriority security interest in substantially all assets of such Subsidiary;
(iii) that the applicable Obligor grants a first priority pledge over the shares in such Subsidiary; and
(iv) the delivery of legal opinions from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia due execution and enforceability of such Guarantee and due execution, perfection and enforceability of the grant of all applicable security interests,
in each case, in form and substance acceptable to the Bond Trustee;
(l) each Issuer agrees, for the benefit of any Bondholder or potential purchaser thereof, that for so long as any of the Bonds are outstanding and are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Section (a)(3) of Rule 144 under the US Securities Act, it will provide to any Bondholder and any prospective purchaser thereof designated by such holder for so long as such requirement is necessary in order to permit holders of Bonds to effect resales under Rule 144A, upon the request of such holder or purchaser, at or prior to the time of purchase, the information required to be provided to such holder or prospective purchaser by Section (d)(4) of Rule 144A unless it is exempt from the reporting requirements of the US Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the US Exchange Act or files reports and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 13 or 15(d) of the US Exchange Act;
(m) if any Issuer and/or any Bonds are rated, or if any such rating changes, without being requested to do so, so inform the Bond Trustee;
(n) immediately upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Bond Trustee of any default by any party under one or more of the Completion Contracts;
(o) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of any Bonds in the Securities Depository; and
(p) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Obligors' business, assets and financial condition, and take any and all such further actions, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13.2 From the Initial Issue Date until the repayment in full of all of the relevant Bonds and all other amounts payable by the Issuers pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement, unless the Bond Trustee (with the approval of the Bondholders as required by Clause 16) has agreed otherwise in writing, the Rever Obligors shall:
(a) not, and ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, cease to carry on its business;
41
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) not, and ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall:
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations;
(ii) change the nature of its business; or
(iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business;
in a manner which could have a material adverse effect on the remaining (in the case of mergers) Obligors' (as a whole) ability to comply with their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents;
(c) not, and shall ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, incur or permit to be outstanding any Financial Indebtedness, except for:
(i) the obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents and the Finance Documents (as defined in the Existing Bond Loan Agreement);
(ii) the Permitted 719 Financing and any Permitted Refinancing;
(iii) to the extent the same constitutes Financial Indebtedness, debt incurred in the ordinary course of business not for the purpose of borrowing (for example, supplier credit and tax postponement);
(iv) any intercompany loans between and among Obligors which are subordinated and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders; provided that the only intercompany loans owing from a Rever Obligor to the Parent Guarantor shall be (A) those as are in effect on the Initial Issue Date and (B) those necessary to fulfill Distributions permitted pursuant to Clause 13.2(d); and
(v) debt that is subordinated to the Bonds; provided that the amount and terms (including the terms of such subordination) of such subordinated debt shall be subject to the approval of the Bondholders at one or more Bondholders' Meetings; provided further that customary intercreditor arrangements setting forth the terms of such subordination are entered into;
(d) not declare or make any dividend payment, reduction of share capital, repurchase of shares (including total return swaps or any transaction with a similar effect) or other distributions or loans to its shareholders (each, a "Distribution"), except for:
(i) Distributions from Subsidiary Issuers to the Parent Issuer;
(ii) intercompany loans permitted pursuant to Clause 13.2(c);
42
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iii) following the Delivery Date of Hull 717 and Hull 718, Distributions to the Parent Guarantor necessary for prepayments with respect to the Existing Bonds; and
(iv) Distributions on the Initial Issue Date from the Parent Issuer to the Parent Guarantor in an amount not exceeding the sum of (i) the Parent Guarantor Working Capital Amount and (ii) USD 27,000,000;
(e) not prepay or pay cash interest in respect of the Existing Bonds until after the Delivery Date of Hull 717 and Hull 718;
(f) ensure that all cash proceeds of the Tranche B Bonds, Tranche C Bonds and Tranche D Bonds and any Additional Bonds are, immediately upon receipt by any Obligor, paid into in the appropriate Cash Management Account;
(g) provided that a Permitted Refinancing of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds has not occurred, if a binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date has not been received by the date that is 20 Banking Days prior to the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date, immediately thereafter commence an auction process to be run by the Parent Issuer (and monitored by the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds) which shall last until the later of (x) 20 Banking Days after commencement and (y) the actual Hull 717 Delivery Date (the "20 Day Auction End Date"); provided that (A) if no binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 20 Banking Days after the 20 Day Auction End Date has been received by 5 pm Oslo time on the 20 Day Auction End Date, the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (B) if at least one binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 20 Banking Days after the 20 Day Auction End Date has been received by the 20 Day Auction End Date, the Obligors shall have a further 20 Banking Days to complete the sale of Hull 717, after which time, if no sale has been completed, the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (C) the holders of the Existing Bonds shall be entitled to receive information regarding the sales process and any auction and to submit offers to purchase Hull 717 on the same basis and offer conditions as other potential buyers and (D) the amount of any thenoutstanding Tranche A Bonds and Tranche B Bonds (and Profit in respect thereof) may be credited against the purchase price in any offer made by the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds; provided that prior to the completion of any such auction or sales process, the Security Agent shall not bring any enforcement action in respect of Hull 717 or the shares in Cecon 2 unless an Event of Default arises which is reasonably expected to prevent the sale of Hull 717 prior to the expiration of the relevant 20 Banking Day period;
43
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(h) provided that a Permitted Refinancing of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds has not occurred, if a binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date has been received by the date that is 20 Banking Days prior to the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date but such sale has not been completed by the Hull 717 Delivery Date, immediately thereafter commence an auction process to be run by the Parent Issuer (and monitored by the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds) which shall last 15 Banking Days after commencement (the "15 Day Auction End Date"); provided that (A) if no binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 15 Banking Days after the 15 Day Auction End Date has been received by the 15 Day Auction End Date, the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (B) if at least one binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 15 Banking Days after the 15 Day Auction End Date has been received by the 15 Day Auction End Date, the Obligors shall have a further 15 Banking Days to complete the sale of Hull 717, after which time, if no sale has been completed, the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (C) the holders of the Existing Bonds shall be entitled to receive information regarding the sales process and any auction and to submit offers to purchase Hull 717 on the same basis and offer conditions as other potential buyers and (D) the amount of any thenoutstanding Tranche A Bonds and Tranche B Bonds (and Profit in respect thereof) may be credited against the purchase price in any offer made by the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds; provided that prior to the completion of any such auction or sales process, the Security Agent shall not bring any enforcement action in respect of Hull 717 or the shares in Cecon 2 unless an Event of Default arises which is reasonably expected to prevent the sale of Hull 717 prior to the expiration of the relevant 15 Banking Day period;
(i) supervise the construction of the Vessels at Davie Yard in a prudent and customary manner and ensure compliance with the Construction Budget Schedule;
(j) to the extent Additional Bonds are not issued to cover Excess Construction Expenses prior to 15 days following the relevant Milestone Date, ensure payment by the Obligors of all Excess Construction Expenses no later than 15 days following such Milestone Date (the "Cecon Funding Commitment");
(k) procure that any material decisions to be made in respect of any Rever Obligor are first presented to the board of directors of the Parent Issuer for consideration;
(l) not make, and ensure that no Subsidiary Issuer makes, any arrangements concerning the Vessels mortgaged under the Bond Security and their employment
44
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Obligors ability to comply with their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement;
(m) not agree (and shall procure that no Subsidiary Issuer agrees) to any changes to any Completion Contract in respect of any Vessel mortgaged under the Bond Security which (i) would be likely to have a material adverse effect on the Obligors' ability to comply with their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement (which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, increases in construction costs in a manner inconsistent with the Construction Budget Schedule) or (ii) is materially adverse to the Bondholders' interests;
(n) ensure that no Rever Obligor makes any non-ordinary course investments other than investments in another Rever Obligor;
(o) prior to the delivery, sale or assignment of a Vessel, or prior to the applicable Completion Contract being cancelled, terminated or disposed of, ensure that no Subsidiary Issuer engage in any activity other than investments and activity solely related to the relevant Vessel;
(p) ensure that all material property owned by a Rever Obligor and acquired in connection with a Completion Contract related to a Vessel shall be acquired by the relevant Subsidiary Issuer and be covered by the Bond Security;
(q) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all material property of the Rever Obligors used in connection with the Completion Contracts, situated on the premises of the Davie Yard, is at all times kept segregated and separate from (to the extent practical possible) other property in the Davie Yard and is clearly marked as the property of the relevant Subsidiary Issuer as provided for in the Completion Contracts;
(r) not take any action which may jeopardize the legality, validity or enforceability of the Bond Security;
(s) not permit any Security to exist in respect of any of the assets of the Rever Obligors, except in each case for (i) the Existing Bonds Security (subject to the Intercreditor Agreement), (ii) the Bond Security, (iii) any Security granted in respect of the assets of the relevant Rever Obligor pursuant to the Permitted 719 Financing and any Permitted Refinancing and (iv) any Security arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business; provided that it does not put the Bond Security at risk of not being, or continuing to be, a Security of the nature and of the rank provided for in the Finance Documents. In the event that such Security exists in respect of any of the assets of the Rever Obligors located in Canada, including in the event of a possessory lien or right of retention claimed by any of the Davie Entities, or in the event of any lien claimed by persons participating in, or supplying goods or services in connection with, the construction of the Vessels, the Rever Obligors shall immediately pay the entire amount of the claim secured by such Security, or contest immediately in good
45
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
faith the validity or the amount of such claim, and furnish to the Bond Trustee security of a nature and on terms satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, acting reasonably;
(t) not permit any Rever Obligor to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such Rever Obligor's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to such Rever Obligor than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time;
(u) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Delivery Date of each Vessel occurs as quickly as practicable;
(v) not, and shall ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, enter into or suffer to exist, any agreement that limits the ability of (x) any Rever Obligor to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Security on its property or assets or (y) any Rever Obligor to declare or pay dividends or other distributions in respect of its capital stock, except for:
(i) any Finance Document or the Finance Documents (as defined in the Existing Bond Loan Agreement) as in effect on the date hereof;
(ii) customary provisions in contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business; or
(iii) restrictions imposed by applicable law; and
(w) not, and shall ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, amend any of its constitutional documents or other material agreements in any manner that is materially adverse to the Bondholders' interests.
13.3 From the Initial Issue Date until the repayment in full of all of the relevant Bonds and all other amounts payable by the Issuers pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement, unless the Bond Trustee (with the approval of the Bondholders as required by Clause 16) has agreed otherwise in writing, the Obligors shall take all steps reasonably required to:
(a) ensure that the Rever Obligors, on the one hand and (ii) the Non-Rever Group, on the other hand, remain distinct;
(b) make it apparent to third persons that the Rever Obligors have assets and liabilities distinct from the Non-Rever Group;
(c) ensure that the books and records of the Rever Obligors are maintained separately from those of the Non-Rever Group;
(d) ensure that the Rever Obligors are not named, directly or indirectly, as a direct or contingent beneficiary or loss payee on any insurance policy with respect to any loss relating to the property of the Non-Rever Group;
46
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(e) ensure that the Rever Obligors maintain an arm's-length relationship with the Non-Rever Group;
(f) ensure that the funds or other assets of the Rever Obligors will not be commingled with those of the Non-Rever Group and will be maintained in a manner that facilitates their identification and segregation from those of the Non-Rever Group; and
(g) ensure that any employee, consultant or agent of the Rever Obligors will be compensated from the Non-Rever Group's funds for services provided to the Non-Rever Group.
14 Fees and Expenses
14.1 The Obligors shall pay an annual fee to the Bond Trustee, the amount of which is set out in separate agreements between each of the Issuers and the Bond Trustee.
14.2 The Obligors shall cover all expenses of the Bond Trustee (and any separate Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, including expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (as applicable) and registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Obligors and the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.3 The Obligors shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement (and any security for this Bond Loan Agreement). Any public fees or taxes on sales of the Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the relevant Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
14.4 The Obligors are responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders. If the Obligors are required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Obligors shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Obligors shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
14.5 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Loan Agreement, the Obligors shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds (including all Additional Bonds) at par (100% of the principal face
47
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
amount) plus all Profit. Such call shall be notified by the Obligors in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 30 Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
14.6 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Obligors' insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Issues and the enforcement of any Security.
14.7 In addition to the fee of the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Obligors shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as determined in separate agreement between the Obligors and the Bond Trustee, but including, for the avoidance of doubt, the reasonable costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee's professional advisors.
15 Events of Default
15.1 This Bond Loan Agreement may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default"):
(a) any Obligor shall (i) fail to pay any interest, Profit or principal or any other amount payable under any Finance Document in each case on the applicable Payment Date or (ii) fail to comply with the Cecon Funding Commitment set forth in Clause 13.2(j); provided, however, that any such failure shall not constitute an Event of Default if (x) it is obvious to the Bond Trustee that the Obligors will remedy the failure within five Banking Days, and (y) such failure is actually remedied within five Banking Days;
(b) any Rever Obligor shall fail to duly perform its obligations under Clause 13.1(a);
(c) any Obligor shall fail to duly perform any covenant or obligation (other than those referred to in Clauses 15.1(a) and (b)) to be performed under the Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 30 days after notice thereof is given to the Issuers by the Bond Trustee;
(d) if for any Obligor:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
48
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), except to the extent such creditor has provided a permanent waiver of its right to declare such Financial Indebtedness due and payable,
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of NOK 15 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
(e) if, for any Obligor;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness;
(ii) the value of the assets (both at fair value and present fair saleable value) is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective and unliquidated liabilities);
(iii) a moratorium is declared; or
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint;
(f) if, for any Obligor, any corporate action, legal proceeding or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, windingup, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on any Obligor's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets;
49
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(g) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Obligors in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Obligor under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made;
(h) if there is entered against any Obligor a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding NOK 15 million (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and does not deny or fail to confirm coverage);
(i) in the event of any material breach of the terms and conditions of the relevant Finance Documents related to a Vessel;
(j) any Davie Entity shall have defaulted under one or more Completion Contracts (it being understood that such a default shall constitute a "Default" under this Bond Loan Agreement); provided either (A) (1) such default has led to one or more Completion Contracts being cancelled and (2) the relevant Issuer has not entered into new Completion Contracts (in replacement of the ones that were cancelled) with a Davie Entity or an alternative yard within 60 days after the Completion Contracts were cancelled or (B) such default shall not have been remedied within 90 days after the occurrence thereof; provided that any such alternative yard and its affiliates shall be deemed to constitute the "Davie Entities" for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Finance Documents and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall have received all such documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
(k) in the event the Excess Amount for any Issue of Bonds exceeds 15.0% of the original aggregate principal amount of such Issue; or
(l) any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Obligors, would have a material and adverse effect on the affairs, assets or financial condition of any Obligor or the ability of any Obligor to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
15.2 In the event that one or more Events of Default occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare all Outstanding Bonds, including Profit and costs, to be in default and due for immediate payment and may exercise all rights and remedies pursuant to the Finance Documents or applicable law. The Bond Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more Events of Default occurs and is continuing:
(a) the Bond Trustee shall declare all Outstanding Bonds, including all Profit and costs, to be in default and due for payment if:
50
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds of all Outstanding Bonds, and Bondholders' Meetings in respect of every Issue have not decided on other solutions; or
(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting in respect of each Issue has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue to be in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Outstanding Bonds (subject to Clauses 8.3 and 8.4). The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub-clause (i) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub-clause (ii) above.
(b) the Bond Trustee shall declare all Outstanding Bonds of any Issue, including all applicable Profit and costs in respect of that Issue, to be in default and due for payment if:
(i) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds of that Issue, and a Bondholders' Meeting in respect of that Issue has not decided on other solutions; or
(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting in respect of that Issue has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue to be in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue (subject to Clauses 8.3 and 8.4). The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub-clause (i) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub-clause (ii) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee declares any of the Bonds to be in default and due for payment pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuers a notice demanding payment of all applicable Profit, interest (if any) and principal due to the Bondholders in respect of the Bonds declared to be in default and due for payment, including redemption premium (if any) and interest (if any) on overdue amounts and expenses.
15.5 In the event that one or more Events of Default occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall apply all amounts standing to the credit of Cash Management Accounts to the repayment of the appropriate Issue of Bonds promptly following the Bond Trustee's receipt of a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the appropriate Issue of Bonds that are Voting Bonds.
51
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
16 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting and the Bond Trustee
16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholder community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders holding Bonds of one particular Issue or of all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting in respect of Bonds issued by that Issue or all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable (and except as expressly provided to the contrary in the Finance Documents, if a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting in respect of all Outstanding Bonds that are Voting Bonds). Resolutions passed at such a Bondholders' Meeting shall be binding upon and prevail for all Bonds of that Issue or all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable.
16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' Meetings.
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting in respect of any Issue shall be held at the request of:
(i) an Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Voting Bonds of that Issue;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds of that Issue are listed; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
(b) A Bondholders' Meeting in respect of all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement shall be held at the request of:
(i) an Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Voting Bonds of all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement; or
(iii) the Bond Trustee.
(c) Any Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.
(d) If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting ten Banking Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summon the Bondholders' Meeting itself.
(e) Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Banking Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of
52
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds of the relevant Issue(s) shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication (if applicable).
(f) The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Loan Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
(g) The Bond Trustee may restrict the Obligors from causing any Voting Bonds to become Issuers' Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to the Issuers to such effect.
(h) Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds of that Issue or of all Outstanding Bonds, as the case may be.
(i) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder holding Bonds of the relevant Issue, and shall be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.
(k) The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend any Bondholders' Meeting. The Chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the Chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.
(l) Representatives of the Issuers have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuers have the right to be present at the voting.
16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings.
53
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond of the relevant Issue owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuers' Bonds. Issuers' Bonds shall not have any voting rights. For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.
(b) In all matters, the Issuers, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the Chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the Chairman being a Bondholder or not.
(c) In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue or of all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable, must be represented at the meeting, subject to Clause 16.4. If less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue or of all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable, are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed, but such voting shall be solely for purposes of specifying the result thereof in the summons for any repeated Bondholders' Meeting as set forth in Clause 16.4(a).
(d) Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue or of all Outstanding Bonds, as applicable, represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3(e).
(e) In the following matters, at least 75% of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue(s) represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:
(i) amendment of the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement regarding the interest rate, Profit, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of any Issue of the Bonds;
(ii) any transfer of rights and obligations of any Obligor under this Bond Loan Agreement to another issuer or guarantor;
(iii) any change of Bond Trustee;
(iv) any material change to the Bond Security; or
(v) corporate or business changes in respect of any of the Obligors which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the obligations of the Obligors under this Bond Loan Agreement or the other Finance Documents,
54
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
always provided that if the proposed changes affect more than the relevant Issue, the proposed change must be approved by a Bondholders' Meeting of the other affected Issues before entry into force.
(f) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders of a particular Issue an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders of that Issue.
(g) Any resolution that disproportionately adversely impacts the rights or obligations of a particular Issue of Bonds shall require the approval of 75% of the Bondholders of such Issue.
(h) The Bondholders' Meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
(i) The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Loan Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.
(j) The Issuers, the Bondholders and the Exchange, if applicable, shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
(a) If a Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3(c), a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
(b) When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue are represented.
17 The Bond Trustee
17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee.
(a) The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Obligors of their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or Profit, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Obligors), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Obligors' financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Loan Agreement.
55
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
(c) The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Loan Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Loan Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement.
(d) The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders of a particular Issue in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1(c); provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders of such Issue. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders of a particular Issue in the event that any Bondholder of such Issue submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
(e) The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1(c) or 17.1(d) to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.
(f) The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders of a particular Issue or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders of such Issue.
(g) The Issuers, the Bondholders and the Exchange, if applicable, shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
(h) The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuers' approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3(e).
(i) The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Obligors notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.
56
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds of any particular Issue to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
(k) The Bond Trustee may forward any documents and information it receives to the Bondholders; provided that none of the Obligors that has forwarded documents and/or information to the Bond Trustee in good faith has determined, and at the same time has informed the Bond Trustee in writing, that such documents and/or information cannot be forwarded to the Bondholders due to restrictions in applicable laws or stock exchange regulations.
17.2 Liability and indemnity.
(a) The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Obligors as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Loan Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuers.
(b) The Obligors are liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee, jointly and severally, in respect of all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Obligors (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) in the fulfillment of their obligations under the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Obligors in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document.
(c) The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a)(i) or 15.3(b)(i) or 16.2(a)(ii)), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.
17.3 Change of Bond Trustee.
(a) Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
(b) The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Obligors pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond
57
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
(c) The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement.
17.4 Appointment of Security Agent.
(a) The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent in respect of the Bonds.
(b) The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding the Bond Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Obligors and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Bond Security.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuers shall be given the opportunity to state their views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agency Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Obligors and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.
(e) Any changes to this Bond Loan Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Loan Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee and each of the Obligors.
(f) If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Bond Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Obligors.
(g) If (1) a Buy Out Notice is provided (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) and (2) the Security Agent receives from the Second Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or its nominee or nominees an amount equal to the Buy Out Amount (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) and in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent shall without undue delay transfer all the rights and obligations under the Bonds to the Second Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or its nominee or nominees. The Security Agent is authorised and instructed by the Bondholders to
58
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
take all steps necessary to effect such transfer, including instructing the account manager or custodian of each Bondholder to transfer the Bonds registered with the Securities Depository to the Second Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or it nominee or nominees.
(h) Without limiting the generality of Section 17.4(a), the Bond Trustee is hereby appointed to act as the holder of an irrevocable power of attorney (fonde de pouvoir within the meaning of Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Quebec) of the Bondholders in order to hold hypothecs and security granted by any Obligor on property pursuant to the laws of the Province of Quebec. The execution by the Bond Trustee, acting as fonde de pouvoir of the Bondholders, prior to this Bond Loan Agreement of any deeds of hypothec or other security documents is hereby ratified and confirmed. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 32 of An Act respecting the special powers o f legal persons (Quebec), the Bond Trustee may acquire and be the holder of any Bonds. The constitution of the Bond Trustee as fonde de pouvoir shall be deemed to have been ratified and confirmed by each Bondholder by its subscription, purchase or other transfer of the Bonds and by each successor Bond Trustee upon it becoming a successor Bond Trustee in accordance with this Bond Loan Agreement.
18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community of Bondholders. By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Loan Agreement (which pursuant to the second paragraph of this Bond Loan Agreement is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, included, but not limited to, taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Issue and/or any Bond Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding;
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository;
(d) this Bond Loan Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:
(i) the Bonds of a particular Issue rankpari passu between each other;
(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Loan Agreement, act directly towards the Obligors and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Obligors, however the foregoing shall not restrict the
59
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Bondholders from exercising their individual rights derived from this Bond Loan Agreement;
(iii) the Obligors may not, based on this Bond Loan Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and
(v) an individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance.
(a) The Issuer of a particular Issue may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations with respect to such Issue discharged upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):
(i) such Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and all Profit on the Outstanding Bonds to the applicable Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the parties hereto;
(ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the parties hereto;
(iii) the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;
(iv) such Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer stating that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by such Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of such Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of such Issuer or others; and
(v) such Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or
60
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of each Obligor or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of such Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets, including of each of the Vessels or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.
(b) Upon the exercise by an Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2(a):
(i) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.1(a), (c), (h), (j) and (k), or as otherwise agreed;
(ii) such Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Bond Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Bond Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(iii) any Guarantors shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantees, and the Guarantees shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;
(iv) any Bond Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and
(v) all other provisions of this Bond Loan Agreement (except as set forth in (i) - (iv) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.
(c) All amounts owed by the Issuers hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Loan Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Loan Agreement on the due date thereof.
61
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, Profit, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuers.
18.3 Limitation of claims. All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Loan Agreement for payment, including Profit, interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.
18.4 Access to Information. The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, have access to the Securities Depositary for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depositary.
18.5 Amendments. All amendments of this Bond Loan Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise expressly provided for by this Bond Loan Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Bond Loan Agreement, the Bond Trustee and the Issuers may amend, supplement or otherwise modify this Bond Loan Agreement without the consent of any Bondholder to effectuate the issuance of the Tranche C Bonds and the Tranche D Bonds and any Additional Bonds.
18.6 Notices and Contact Information.
(a) Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuers and (if applicable) the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata.
(b) Any Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee or alternatively through the Securities Depositary with a copy to the Bond Trustee and (if applicable) the Exchange.
(c) Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e mail or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the recipient;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by telefax, when received.
(d) The Issuers and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
62
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(e) When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Loan Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):
(i) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.
(ii) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.
(iii) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Banking Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Banking Day.
18.7 Dispute Resolution and Legal Venue
(a) This Bond Loan Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
(b) All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.
(c) Clause 18.7(b) is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.
19 Eligible Purchasers and Transfer Restrictions
19.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A. Each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Parent Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Obligors stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased on any Issue Date by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
19.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S in a transaction on
63
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA the Oslo Børs, (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), or (e) in another transaction that is exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements set forth in the US Securities Act. The Bonds may not be traded in Canada except in compliance with the prospectus and registration requirements set forth in applicable Canadian securities laws or pursuant to an exemption from the prospectus and registration requirements set forth in applicable Canadian securities laws.
64
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Oslo, 19 February, 2013

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Rever Offshor Name: >vA£. Title: /fn V W iy -^ -F Æ a r Cecon ASA Name: iVAft- VT/Tt,' C.b't N/
Title: ATrPWvV -1M - F/9-CT
n) v v- Title:^rro h - ) - F/Tcr

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Bond Trustee
N am e:,;; Title:
Cecon Shipping"!. AS

Name: iVAGL

Title:

t

Cecon Shipping 3 ^S

Name: \ / 4 d
Title: ^ rrV ^ ^ Y - FrtCT

65
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Attachment 1 - Compliance Certificate Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date] Dear Sirs, I refer to the Bond Loan Agreement dated as of February 19, 2013 made between, inter alia, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Parent Issuer (the "Bond Loan Agreement") under which this Compliance Certificate is issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [·]. Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Loan Agreement. With reference to Clause 13.1(h) of the Bond Loan Agreement, I hereby certify that: 1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which
would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Group since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you; 2. the covenants set forth in Clause 13 are satisfied; and 3. no Defaults or Events of Default have occurred and are continuing. Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited][quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed. Yours faithfully, Rever Offshore AS
N am e o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]
66
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Attachment 2 - Construction Budget Schedule
67
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

Attachment 2 CONSTRUCTION BUDGET SCHEDULE

($ in '000s C A D )
A t Closing M arch 1, 2013 A pril 1, 2013 M ay 1, 2013 Ju n e 1, 2013 Ju ly 1, 2013 A ugust 1, 2013 Septem ber 1, 2013 O ctober 1, 2013 N ovem ber 1, 2013 D ecem ber 1, 2013 Jan u ary 1, 2014
Total

$ 17,027 12,541 5,327 6,198 6,228 6,025 5,207 4,509 2,680 2,560 1,201 -
$ 69,503

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Attachment 3 - Officer's Certificate for Release of Funds
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date] Dear Sirs, I refer to the Bond Loan Agreement dated as of February 19, 2013 made between, inter alia, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Parent Issuer (the "Bond Loan Agreement") under which this officer's certificate is issued. Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Loan Agreement. I hereby certify that: 1. the release of USD __________________ contemplated to be made on or about
____________________________complies with Construction Budget Schedule; and 2. no Defaults or Events of Default have occurred and are continuing. Yours faithfully, Rever Offshore AS
N am e o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]
68
LEGAL US E # 102031623.16

EXECUTION VERSION
INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT in respect of Cecon ASA
Rever Offshore AS Cecon Shipping 1 AS Cecon Shipping 2 AS Cecon Shipping 3 AS
between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

1

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

THIS INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made on February 20, 2013 between:

(1)

A3N4go2rres6ek2m4Tei(lnilnitts(iatmssacdanepnfainAceiStdyAba,esaloBcwoo)nm,dtphTaernu"ysFtiienrsectoaSrnpedocrSautereictdyuriAnitygNeAongrwte"na);yt uwnitdherotrhgeanFisirasttioBnonndumLobaenr 963

(2)

A3NF4igor2srrets6ekS2me4Tcei(ulnilnrittits(yiatmssAacgdaneepnnfaitn,AceitStdhyAeba,"esSaloBecwoco)num,drtpihtTayernuA"ySsgtieenececnootanr"pn)d;doarSanSedteeccduurriniittyyNAAogrgweenantyt"uwnaitdnhderototrhggeaentShiseeacrtoiionnnditnsBuocmanpdbaeLcroi9tay6n3as

(3)

C98nR97uee12mcv,oe7bCnr8ee9rOAc96fSo9f7sAn17h,,S7oaC8rhe9ciepocA6pmo5Sinn0p,gaSaann1hcydioApimnCSpcpei,onacargnopcyon2oriaSmAntcShepo,diaprnpapiynoicnriNoangmtoce3ropdwraApainnoSyyr,NawiatnoietcrhcdwoooraimnprygopNwraaaoninttrhieyswdaoaintryiinogcwnoaNrniptnoihsourawrmoataritbogeyenadwrnniii9ntsuh3amN8toiboor8egnr0wra3nan8uyi59sm99aw5tbi3,itoeh2nr9

organisation number 991 789 685.

WHEREAS: (A) aPrecuscrtosaurtedadan,ntctaoemawenibtdhoendtdhelaonatdenrmraegssrteaoetfemdthe, insstuAdpagptrleeedmemeonennteot,dr atohbreouo"ttFhtehirreswtdisBaetoenmhdoedrLeifoioeafdn(afsrAogmmraetyeimmbeeentaotm")teimnmdeaeddien,
gbueatwraenetneedthesecOubrelidgobrosndasndin athperinFciirpsatl aSmecouurnittyofAugpentot, UtShDe 3O17b,l5ig0o0r,s00h0a. ve issued and/or (B) AGsuasreacnuteriety Afogrretheemeonbtlig(aatsiodnesfinoef dtheinOthbeligFoirrsstuBnodnedr thLoeaFnirAstgrBeoenmdenLto;atnheAg"rFeiersmteGntuaarnadnttehee
dAhreeagpsfralaeubceelitmneignnetnepartrne"oy)svti,(odinfeccdtohlsuwetdsiitfnhoag,rneidngthtoeeeixrnpgaienl)inad(,seteotbhsgteeeadtfnhnodeellorsawstlhlineaingnd"dsFeebircatseuntrdyitnIynea:dsnesdbataenlddl nooetbhsliesgr"a)toitobhnleigs,aFtiilroisantbsiSlirteeiecfsuin,raitnyinctAienrggeesont,rt (1) pledge over the shares in each of the Rever Obligors held by the Obligors; (2) Vpeersfseecltse;d and registered ship mortgages on, and security interests in, each of the (3) perfected and registered hypothecs in respect of each of the Rever Obligors; (4) perfected security over the materials and equipment earmarked for use in the
construction of the Vessels; (5) apneyrfemcotendetaanryd crleagimissteareridsinhgypuontdheercasnoyno, fathsesigCnomnsetnrutsctoiof,n aCnodntsreacctusr;ity interests over, (6) Tapsrausrasigtgenremapehisnstsl(o2so)sftoinp(sa5uy)reaaenbcoaevnedin ardedspitieocntaol f inesaucrhedof inthereVspeesscet lsofptrhoevidcinogllatthearatlthliesteBdonidn (7) suhpiopnmreogrtigsatrgaetioanndofdaeneydVoefscsoevleinnathnetsroevleevraanntdshinipreresgpiesctrtyo, fathpaetrVfeecstesedl;and registered (8) a first priority pledge over any insurances held by each of the Rever Obligors; (9) a charge on any intercompany debts owing by any Obligor to any Obligor; and (10) security over substantially all of the other assets of the Rever Obligors; toaDoltlohodecnourwcmfuiisremsentetpsnrer"tia)loatritioeatynds intcthorfeeaavatosninauygmr,soeeefctsmhutaeraibtyyFlisirhhrseiatnlvaSget,eincgrbueerciettooynrdAtihangenged,nFtcim(rotsnoatfgyireImnthhdieneergrbe,ttaehfedetevnri"edFsebisrnesct(intaShgmeeecon"urFdrpieirtrdyse,"ts)eSprreuvesricntsaugutreaidtony,rt taomtiemned.ed and restated, supplemented, refinanced, replaced, or otherwise modified from time

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

(C)

dAAPreagguptrrreleesaeeuchmmaeendreeet,nnotttoo,,f r(tttahhhoseeethms"e"aSeBrywceooicbnsnoedednadLammmooeBadenonindfnideedAeddgd, LrrfeoareoensamtdnmateerAteidnmgs,ttrseaae"tm)eetomdemneabtdindometend"edbaailnennodtdawnaretecoeascgngtoearrttedtheheadeemn,rcesOweunbiptthwlpidgiltaeothhtmreesdethnaFeotnierndsdtet,otrhrBmreeoasfnibnSdoaoeunfcLtcootethnhadidnes,

SupectourUitySDAg1e2n2t,,0t0h0e,0O0b0ligpolurss ahnayvePIiKssiunetedreasntdw/ohricghuaacracnruteeesdthseerecuorne.d bonds in the amount of

(D) tAGhseuasGreacunuatrreiateyntAfeoegrrtAehegemreoeebmnligte"antation(ndasstoodgfeetfhtihneeerdOwbinliitghtohtrehseuSnFedicresortndtGhueBaoSrnaednctoeLneodaAnBgorAengedrmeLeeomnate,nntAth;egtrhe"eGemu"Saerenatcnoatnendde AdSeegfcraeuuerlittmyienAtngetersen"s)tt,h(iancscolsbutedseinnagnpdtrhoeveixdipeneddnewsbeittehsd), nin(ettosesgreaatlhinaed,rthatheneyfo"lalSonewdcinoagnlldsoebcInluigdriateytbi:otnesd,neliasbsi"li)tiethse, iSnteecroenstd,

(1) pledge over the shares in each of the Rever Obligors held by the Obligors;

(2) Vpeersfseecltse;d and registered ship mortgages on, and security interests in, each of the

(3) perfected and registered hypothecs in respect of each of the Rever Obligors;

(4) perfected security over the materials and equipment earmarked for use in the construction of the Vessels;

(5) apneyrfemcotendetaanryd crleagimissteareridsinhgypuontdheercasnoyno, fathsesigCnomnsetnrutsctoiof,n aCnodntsreacctusr;ity interests over,

(6) Tainsrsususigrteendemien(nurtnesdseporef citnthsoeufrtSahneeccceoonlidnlatreBerosanpl delicsttLeoodaf nineapAcaghrraeogefrmathpeehnstV)(e2iss)steolols(s5sp) rapobavoiydveieneg atnhdat athdeditBioonnadl

(7) suhpiopnmreogrtigsatrgaetioanndofdaeneydVoefscsoevleinnathnetsroevleevraanntdshinipreresgpiesctrtyo, fathpaetrVfeecstesedl;and registered

(8) a second priority pledge over any insurances held by each of the Rever Obligors;

(9) a charge on any intercompany debts owing by any Obligor to any Obligor; and

(10) security over substantially all of the other assets of the Rever Obligors;

saaeelnslctdoaunbrtlioitssygehecirnteohglnea,drtinrpwegrciitoohtorridttyithnheigen, fFSacivreosocntoufinrSrmdoecfinIutnghrd,eitey,eSbvteetihcddoeennned"csSisnSegec(tcuhouerrriitty"ypS"r)Aeegscpeeournnrvstdiun(agtoSngetoecrttuohoreitdrthyotehcreDuwmoi"sSceeuenmctraoeetnilnaodtntesSd"c)ertecaoaustriantithngyey," ssaumppelemmeanytehda,vreefibneaenncedan, drepmlaacyedh,eorer aofttheerrwbeiseammeonddifieedd, frroemstatitmede, toamtimened. ed and restated,

(E) Whenever used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meaning:

"inAdfifrielicattlye)" Xmaenadnsa,niyn ortehsepreecnt tiotyf awnhiechntiitsyC"Xon",traonlleydo(tdhierer cetlnytiotyr "inYd"irwechtilcyh) bCyoXntroorlsY;(danirdectly or

"Control" (including the term "Controlled") means the right and ability, directly or indirectly, wdsomrmeiifhmraameteynhicoltaeahtvigiroenevenrcaomaslrttuhrlielnad,rwngoneoitugt,rhrgeaidtghmhihrrseeeetthhsscnmeapttio)rneaeorcjoshwoatrornoigtoltoerdyetr,heonstertehohhsrrefiwepatrailhsoogeeempfrq,eevdeueorteiioarvmtteitaininc(enlgiget)ngontscr,otseaafocsnvotfutohdfrirteociiotnfreiitemgnrhcssaeoe,naronmbcgtferbiyraaoqeenllcuerostimpehvnonaeoetlrtlrineiacctyotnciaewttsasootonrrienrfeofgidarfcoserebraoearolnfisdngfymgeaoodeonefrmrntaaeeotnerintrtnychateitoant,nywmngtisie(pttiyifhimldi)yfet.oeyawrnphplt(epiieci(toitrw)heinhcgrtteiihcvoonheerrt

CinatphietaFliziresdt BteornmdsLouasendAbguretenmotendte,fiansedinheeffreecint osnhathllehdaavteetthheismAegareneinmgeanstcirsibfiersdt teonsteurcehd tienrtmo.s

NOW THEREFORE:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

3

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

1 CONSENT 1.1 AAamgt etehnnetdhmreeeqrneutien, saatfsteoarfpcthpolenictaaObinbleeli,gdo,brytshtehaenFdiOrsibntliSgceoocrnsusrioidtfyetrhAaegtioeSnnetcocofontndhseeSnectocsuvterointytahnDetosecxuoemfcteuhnteitosnS,,escrueobgnjeidsctrtSaaetilcowunaryiotsyr
tootheearwchiseof dtheealtFiwrsitthSeincusruitcyhDaocmumanennetsr baesinmg aryegbisetenreedceasnsda/royr tfoiledenasnudre/orthneotFairrisstedSeacnudr/iotyr Documents' priority in all respects to the corresponding Second Security Documents. 1.2 tThheedFuiersrteSgeisctruartitioynAogfetnhtewSilel cpornodcuSreecthuarittyitsDoccounmseennttsw. ill be given in such form as will enable 1.3 AASgteecthnuetr,ityrtehDqeouceSusemtceoonnftdsth.eSeOcubrliigtyorsAgaenndt cinoncsoennstisdetroatitohne ogfrathnetincgovaenndanrtesgiosftrathtieonFiorsft thSeecFuriritsyt 1.4 TehneabSleetchoenddueSerceugrisittyraAtiognenotf wthiell FpirrosctuSreectuhraityt iDtsoccuomnseenntst. will be given in such form as will 1.5 The parties acknowledge and agree that the First Security Documents and the Second dSoeccuumriteynDtsocmuamdeentins fmaavyo,ursuobfjethcet tSoeCcularuitsyeA1g.e6,ntco(snusbtijteuctet toin twhehopleroovrisiinonpsarsteat sfoinrtghlehseeretino)f arIInnenddsdpeeebbinctteeteiddvanneceehssrsisgsuha(cttnshhdeac(n"aiiFds) eirt,ohsbetreliBgSfeaoertencioondnnchsedosloSdhfeeecrtrhsuee"ri)nityFutoniDrdso(tei)crSuthsmeeucecunFhrtiitsrydstosAhcSuagemlelcnuemtrniettaysanndDasothtchetuehmereyhesonprltdeseelcasrttsihevaeoltlofrmigtthheheeatsnFFatiihnrrssedtt "soSubeclihgcaodtnioodcnusBmooenfndtthsheoaslSdteehcresoy"ndraenlSadteetcotuogreittyhtheeArSgewecnitothnadtnhdeIndtFheierbsttehdoBnlodenesdrssh.ooldf ethrse, Stheeco"BndonInddheobldteedrnse")ssun(dtheer 1.6 TDhoecupmaretinetss aacnkdnothweleSdegceoannddSaegcruereitythaDto(ci)utmheengtsranmtsayofcSonesctuitruittye psuerpsauraantet toanthdedFisitrisntcSt egcraunrittsy ttsoSSihhnefeeeespccSoaoopleFvrnnacaierddrutsnteirtecBilItyysnySodonecaaerdlcsnabhuldstipoqresirlutd(idoyfiiniiedve)eiraAddssbtgeiseoiiednncnnaisitranupensrfsotouyehprcneeepdotchelfaia,tmedmnoiamnefFmognetihfrotdsraeneritalegllSaytoBeteorilongdyctnhgaiufdpefnrethirriotzeryoetacthlndhteciitnoeeodgnrnifnsOsrsgo,tpbimatlrtsuionhgetdpeoetnhorirtsetsaeh.ednesdiFcfTifneieroSog,srerlitfeniufcgaIorincttdnhldraoideisegsprbshthSeteteesodefldffdceininuccntelrthauisttaahisyamntetyesaAaSnntg(bheyrdeaacennctumhtilkrnaeirtuotiuyrmesr,pnttshttttchahbyooneee,ff saecpknaorawteledcglaessseasnodf saegnreioersanthdajtunailol rdsiesctruibreudtiocnlsaimssh)a,llthbeen tmheadSeecaosndifStehceureritywAergeenstehpearreabtey wcliathsstehse oefffescetnbioerinagntdhajut,ntioorthseeceuxrteednt cthlaaimt tsheaaggaginrsetgathtee vOabluliegoorfsthine Sreescpuercittyoisf sthuefficSieecnutr(iftyo,r tthheis pFuirrsptoSseecigunriotyrinAggealnl tclaanimdsFhiresldt BbyonthdehoSldeecrosndshSaellcubreityeAngtitelendt atnod rSeececiovned, Binonaddhdoitlidoenrst)o, Aaaaonmmtghyeooenuurdwtnnisitthssstreeibordeuwrisebtiticnyoreignbiavuicnetisekdrdnemoostwraopdlereteechdctegeiomneifvsarpienboaslsneprtde-epsbcepayt tegitotcrhieofteentmohsfeinttpotoerSirntetehuccseiroptnna(edlwo,xthvepIeennrrtedth-etepnobreeteotctihtdreieonsnnesoFastisirnray,stletltoaroSwensdeeetcdfftuaehornceirtdtyuaSaolAletotehgcwoeetahnrnbedtclelaaiS)nmimetbeocesnuu,ftonriartotesylfl tSheiscosnedntSenecceu,riteyvAegneniftsauncdhthtuernSoevceorndhaBsotnhdehoelfdfeecrst.of reducing the claim or recovery of the
2 SUBORDINATION 2.1 ABnoyndchloalidmerosfmaanyy htayvpee, parnedseinnt aonr yfutcuurerr,eangcyainthstatthteheObSliegcoorsnddeSrievicnugritfyromAgtehnet SaencdonSdeBcoonndd
(sLiunobcalonurddiAinnggar,teebedumtteonnotth,t elitmhpeirtieodrSpteoac,oyamnndeynstIneidnceufbruittlelydindnoeccsaussm,heaonnftsdanoayrngayunadoratahnleltercelasdi)omcssuhamthlleanat ttthaerlleltFaimitresedtsSbteheceufruerilttloyy Agent and First Bondholders may have, at any time against the Obligors deriving from the

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

AO(FinigprcsrpeltuoedBrmtiounenngdni,ttiebLsdouaatFtnunenodAdtg,lorieLmn.ePitme.oderanntatdo,b,YothauoentrkyFthCisreseretcdudIinratidttOyeepbdptheooedcrrnuteuemonsfiestin,ebtssaentIwonderveaegnnsutymatroheatennhtteseOreMdbsolaigcasoutnermdsr eFthnauatnntddre)c.leaYrtoteardiknthCLeerreettdetoirt 2.2 The Second Security Agent irrevocably agrees that as long as any amount is outstanding
uunnddeerr tthhee FFirirssttBBoonnddLLooaannAAgrgereeemmeennt ta,ntdhethiSseAcgornedemSeencut,riatyccAegpetnotrwreilcl enivoet, aunnyleasmsopuenrtm. itted 2.3 tiEnoascfuuhcllOhibnOlibgcloiagrsohhrebroeyfbeyaancfuyhllyoatnshduebroaOrlldbilnciglaaotierms(sthaenuyn"Sdaeunrdbotahrldel idnFeabitretsdtliaOBboiblnitlidiegsaLtaioonandnso"A)thgtoerertehomebleipgnratio,tirotnphsaeyomFweiernsdtt
dgaInoundayceurbaomtntehetdeennertsesd)s.oosrc,ugamunaeyrnaotnttrheeeelarst)de,odtchtuehmeSreeencttoonr(edinlacBtleuoddnidnthgLe,oreabtnuotA(nignorcetleulimdmineitgne,td, btthou,et anSnoeytcolsimnedcitueIrdnitdyteob,dtoeacdnunymesseesnc,tusarniotdyr ALoftaenr tAhegreoeccmuerrnetnocre tahnedSdeucroinngd thBeoncdonLtionaunatAiognreoefmaennyt,eveeancthoOf dbelifgaourltsuhnadll,erifththeeFirSstecBuornitdy AOgbelingtatsioonsreaqsuetsrutss,teceollfeocrt,theenfroerlceevaanntd broencedihvoeldpearsymaenndtsotohnerascecocuurnetdofpathrteiesSuabnodrddinealitveedr sSOinuebscctlhirogunompdraeuynInnmtdsdeeenorbtfttshetredtaonnoesttshfhesee,rr, pabrrsoeuvtleaiswvpiapoitnlhnictosauSobtefletcr,heuidsrtiuotyAcgigenArtgehgeeeomrnrtewanoifttfnh.ecataincncgyouinnnetcaenosyfstamhreyanFenniersdrtothrIsenedmleiabebtneiltdistyneoosrfsostuahncehdr AaOeLnmofbtdaelpingrotootwAhr,aegeprrteeoopdeclycmco(uabelrlnuenryetctntawocamrietnthohdaouenunedttSnsfaedorncureocyrcienne,odgivbaetBlhindgoedantthdctiooeonLrnseotuotianobnnumasoAiotntigocrdnaeloaceo)ci,mmfoesuainnnnittyni,tsoetrfhevdtesehispneScetrecFeotcitfriuosodrftni,et,IyfnSa(dAuui)elbgtboeinutrnedntdtidhnnieseaertsaetnsuhdateahmOnoFedrbiirzlsoiSgetfeadBcetiooaoannncnddhds sssIInnuuuddccbeehhmbbOittoteebbcddlllniniaggeeiaomsstrssiso,,uninnasadssreteoarasptptphphpeeleilccicotaatSbohbfle,eelecr,S,upaurbrinbtouydovtriA(dswiiiig)onitenahtonstoeturdofetofqOtrrhuebaiidsrlpeiugpAcaelgiitncairogaecnhteisoomOrnaebanntlofditfg.eot(chBrtei)n(AtgFo)iritpsnoat yacInnoadylnleeymcbttaaemandnnnodeeursnestntshfoaerrnecdcleiea,Sibvaeielnictdydonotodnof
3 RANKING OF SECURITY 3.1 Tshhaellsreacnukriitny tghreanfotelldowuinngdeorrtdheer:First Security Documents and the Second Security Documents
(i) first, the First Security; and (ii) second, the Second Security.
3.2 The ranking in Clause 3.1 above applies regardless of: (i) tahneyodredfeerctofinreagniystroafttiohne,fothreegdoainteg;of notice or the date of execution of any document or (ii) when any indebtedness is incurred or any security granted; (iii) any fluctuation in the outstanding amount of, or any intermediate discharge of, any (iv) winhdeetbhteerdnoerssw;hoern the lenders under the First Bond Loan Agreement or under the Second Bond Loan Agreement are obliged to advance any indebtedness.
4 SECOND SECURITY AGENT'S UNDERTAKINGS WITH THE FIRST SECURITY AGENT
4.1 In consideration of this Agreement, the Second Security Agent agrees and undertakes with the First Security Agent that:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

a) tSheecuSreitcy;ond Security shall in all respects be subordinated to and rank after the First

b) it will, forthwith upon becoming aware of the happening of any event of default under aFnirystoSfetchueritSyeAcognednt BthoenrdeoLf;oan Agreement or Second Security Documents notify the

c) iBt ownidll nLootatnakAegraeneymaecntitonortoexeenrfcoirscee oarnyseoefkitstorigehxetsrcaisned apnoywerrigshtusndoerr rtehme eSdeiecsonidn airtesbsoprviegech)ttuotnoflethdsesemaSnaedncdounndptial:Iynmdeenbtteodfneasnsy wmithonreeysspescetctuoreadnythSeerecboyn,d sSuebcjeucrittyto(oCthlearusthean2

(i) after all moneys and First Indebtedness secured by the First Security Documents have been paid to the First Security Agent in full in cash, or

(ii) the First Security Agent has given its prior written consent thereto, or

(iii)

ASarreegescpecpeenueirvtri;coiettyddptoAroaogftvhwe1iedn8reit0tFdtoeirdrnstahttyhanSseotethciFscauuiersrcsithtoyefBlaopsopreunstrcdheiohheddoeafldrvspoeehpmrnalsitlcltahaobnrefeloeddtdeaOirfltauiebgnuleitlgthnaoetfltrryoFiasmpinruisynrttshsStuoeimilenvSceeguenrcrttiehtooymanrtdAesdgtuhSiebeeenjsectcuFwhtriiraitttshoyst

any insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding;

such period defined as a "Standstill Period".

d)

ttsrihimugebhejtSestecoatctoniamndsdeppSoirnowevcietiusdrsreaitdbyusnAiondgleueCrtneltath;dueisseFcri5res,ttiothSneeecFnufirroistrytceSDeoocrcuumrmiatyekneAtsgaenwynittchmloauaimyt sparotiorarencxyoenrticmsiuseeltaaatinnodynofwrfoiitmths

e)

wsfoitoubrribwlmtitgjeielalnctationnatndoopstpssruuaouncsvbshdasiegltpranoan,thrfcteyettrhaSfeinsressacFtfteoiisrernsf,nadttcepSStrolieeenrccdyguugrreitiniottyytooiDArtagonowectunahhmtgeerrre(eewnneboitsmysteettsoondutaicbswhnepyiothuspoenatthhrreteeyoarfsFpwoiaarnislnrlattyybSclwyoeomifctwhupiorittlisyhutyht rewtAihglidgethh)etsnpatrtnhiooidenrr

obligations of the Second Security Agent hereunder;

f)

wcLiintooaaraiegrvneareescrApehgoosrfncetdtahehisanmeetgeOanipnnbtry,loiagwvacoiuascrtioisoov'rmnedosraabnotoliicfcfgeaatahlntlewiyoeinSctvhsoeencnutoshtntneiodtdufettderBeerComfanalasduwulatLtsheoiuveasnernedr1oeAo3fr,.fg2trshs(eugehec)amhFlolie,rresnve1tt.ex3Bnc.o2etn(phodt)f LdionoefafttahnhueelAtFgcuriarnessdeteemBroeotfnhntdea,

4.2 sTbuahpnepkSoruertpctocanyndyoSr eolictqhuueriirdtyaptAioegnresonpntr,oacingereedceionsngtt)he,asttthinietgs,vhaaliinldl intyao,ntye(axntpedrnohtc,eerpeeedbrifynegwctaio(iivnne,cslpuradioninrygityrigaohnrtyeton)ifnocsroocnlevtaeebsnitcliyoty,r of any First Security;

4.3 TnlieohnneeoproafsrttiimheesilaOhreberlenigtcoourmsagbsrrheaaenllc,tehoarot,nshuaannlltyilptaehsremseirtteaptonayysmeocfeunitrsteiAnafnffiuyliallSteiensccotoan,sdhgrInaodnfetthboetredpFneirersmstsitInuadnnelyebstsesedcnituerhsitayss,, tsgasproeuermramecbosncujeeeuterediccndtdyytutin,s,troegaorlveirCesatchnceliaeloenauivntobseecrFleneduicror7srtebt.oeth1yne;aIottrnrhlreydeedetnnihbsFocettieutrrriesdbmctwnuobetimSretshaedpsncl.gitcueoreradiatnTygwntosryiA,athtnSgahteeeefsoncdertoe,nnaxiintdontheryeBncptoorrSennitoaedhtrrschaaitoootyvnnled,tldnhieewtenriSoitpneohpucrorrouousevrftuniitsacytlihinumoitmAsnittsgiobnCergaonolarntfaucantaseshyegeaoreon4reti.emhs3sseumurctshlehthradiaogtailfahlsatatsebnnoeleyyyrt

4.4 TSheecuSrietyconDdocSuemceunritty sAhgaellntinacglruedees tthhaet tfhoelloSweincogndlaBngounadgLeoa(norAglarenegmuaegnet atnod seiamcihlarSeecfofencdt reasonably approved by the First Security Agent):

"gNraontwteidthstotatnhdein[gSeacnoynthdinSgehceurreitiyn Atogethnet] caornetreaxryp,re(as)sl(yi)sthuebjelicetnsanadndsusbeocrudriintyatientetoretshtes

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

6

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

tgoplhierfueanranssnItuneyaatdnenrdrtitcgotrshoeetNdocooirutrorrisnirtrkyeAcmToigninelrtleniedtseeryemmcstbaietoysnnnnttghwrreAaeitnSfh[etSAertr,ehdeceidnoin[nFtiofdtiasrsvbSctoeaeuBlpcoroauwnocr)difi,ttytyhLinoeAacasglFnueibdnrAsoitn]tgngdrSoeerletirecmauunnserstyinetyate[]SnAadaegnncedsdonen(tcsidiue)(arctBishutyoerdinteieydnfxhitnaeeoegrrlecdedisenstitrens,] AtsdTshimuuaiegllbptrireeetopesdurltmeedonmmiadantnesieeamnrnnteeottiesA"ft)dpS,osaFAurtea,bthoybmjereartuocshFanteoiSrgrtrtyosheetetcot2NrohIw0nnoea,didrsnseledi2kbmS0t(eei1btTmcad3)iutnloiltoreihdt(intssaeiyfmsssieoAaad(bagannlmesnidgnfeardtpon,tAeirdmofoStiehnnvAdeseis,,tdiioOomfrnaibenetsslhsigtteoahotFfteor[eisOtrdhsIb,netatlitnmiegaIdSnroemcetr,erasecerf]nufcditdrlhrhiiiteaeteoeydtdrreeitdAuoA"anrIggnendrAedneteengteritrtrrm,iceeserehessemNtanadfltoeltr)ieotrnbosdmttoek,,r tAahngeyreeecxomtenenflnti,ct,tatnbhdeetwitneertemhnes tmohfeatnhtneeerrmIn, stseeroctfrfeothdrteihtoIrinnAtteghrrecereeInmdtieteorncrtreAsdhgiarteollergmAogevrenertenma. nedntt.heIntethrme sevoefntthoisf

By its acquisition or holding of any [Bonds], each [Bondholder] shall be deemed to (i) TAscpuorrgoucnrvsehsiteese[minBeot]oentnsntootd,thhoe(oefniil)dtsteehaurergb]irnoeatrIoendnditntethhar(eacitvirto)eInindtaticwetookrficlrnl[roSebAwedegclietruboedroregitumAyen]gedaarnnentbde,dymap(aeigaininr)ydetmeawaeustinlhtlthsatoeptarcrktiohzueveeriitdny[oeBadnaoadgnfcoedtirnoinTtinnsrsauttrnshucdtecoetneoInt]ntrthaseberhryecarhlt[eloBadaloftiltnhsooedorf saectc,usruitybjeacgtetnot afnodr tihneacbcoonrddhaonlcdeerwsithantdheottehremr sseocfuthreedInptaerrtcieresdiutonrdAergrteheem[eFnirts,taBsotnhde Loan Agreement].

TLpoheaermnfiotArtehggereoeiinnmcguerpnrrteo]nvciinseiofoanrvsoisrasruoeaf ninthcteeenodOfeb[dFliginaoasrnsacniaanlindIdnusduceecbhmteedbnnotentsdosh]tohuledned[rFesirrsathtreeBo[iSnntedechnoodnleddderBstho]inrtddo party beneficiaries of such provisions."

4.5

(ai)pply bTohthe pbreofvoirseionasnodf tahfisterAgtrheeemoecnctu(rirnecnlcuedinog,f wainthyoubtalnimkrituaptitocny,, Cilnasuoslvee7n)cyshaolrl

liquidation in relation to any Obligor (an "Insolvency Event");

o(iif)an InsthoelveSneccyurEitvyeAntgeinnat cschoarlldaanpcpelywdiitshtrtihbiustiAongsreemmadeent;to it following the occurrence

(iii) if the Security Agent or any Bondholder receives a distribution in the form of nInodne-bcatesdhnecsosn,sisduecrhatioinndeibnterdenspeessct woifll annoyt obfethreeduFciresdt IbnydethbatetddniesstrsibuotriotnheunSteilcoanndd einxdceebpttedtonetshse; extent that the realization proceeds are actually applied towards such

t4(hi.v5a);t tahnedtFheirstSSeceocnudritySeAcguernittyreAagseonntaabnlyd rtehqeueSsetscoinndorBdoenr dtohoglidveersefsfehcatlltodothiasllCthlainugses

ss(invuimi)paielnarvyrisptporhorreoycpeSaoeeusdcatihonlongrdspituyrSteeilnatcotuirnretightsyeptoAecvgatoentonyetfOaabbnnyldyigotoihnrresaousSlnvediencensorctnryudt,hcetpBerodesn-udbinpyhseotohrllvdveieesrFinsoicrnsysthooaSrflel craceuanhrsyiattybtjuhiAlidetgaiiecrtiinovatonl.teoosrr

4.6 tThheepSroevciosniodnsSeocfuCrliatyusAege1n.3t(abg) roefetsheinSfeacvoonudr oBfothnde LFoirasnt SAegcreuerimtyeAngt.ent that it will comply with

5 FIRST SECURITY AGENT'S UNDERTAKINGS WITH THE SECOND SECURITY AGENT

5.1 In consideration of this Agreement, the First Security Agent agrees and undertakes with the Second Security Agent that: a) the maximum principal amount from time to time secured by the First Security shall enxopt eenxsceesedin rthesepeacmt othuenrteosfe; t out in recital (A) plus interest, premiums, costs and

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

7

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

b)

aSitnewycioll,onfdfotrhStehewcFuitrihritsytuApBogonenndbtetLchooeamrenionfAg; garweeamreenotf tohre thhaeppFeirnsitngSeocfuarintyy eDvoecnutmoefndtesfanuolttifuyndtheer

c) wthreitinFgirstifSitecinutreitnydAsgteonet xweilrlcnisoetifayntyheofSeitscornigdhStsecourriptyowAegresntoaf sensfooornceamsepnrtacutnicdaebrlethien tFhirrostugShec5u.5ritwyillDaopcpulym. ents (the "Notice") whereupon the provisions of Clauses 5.2

d)

taohbcecligeFadirteisostntSsoetuchunisrditeAyrgAtrhegeeemnFteirnsstht;aSllencoutritayssDigonc,umtraennstsfetrooranoythoetrhweisrepadristypousneleossf itssucrihghptsarotyr

e) the rights of the Second Security Agent under the Second Bond Loan Agreement have tthhee fFuilrlstriBghotndofLsouacnceAsgsrieoenmaesntanadrewphaeidn ocflfaoimr sreddueeemtoedthien fFuilrlsitnSceacsuhr;itaynAdgent under

f) the surplus (if any) of any sums which may be held by the First Security Agent as a rDeoscuultmoefnttsheafteerxearllcimseonioefs asneycuroefdtthheeirrebreyshpaevcetivbeeernigihrtrsevoucnadbelry tphaeid Finirfsutll Ssheacullrbitey paid over to the Second Security Agent.

5.2 The Second Security Agent, in its capacity as Bond Trustee under the Second Bond Loan Anogtrieceem(aen"tBmuayyOaut tanNyottiimcee")atfoterthreecFeiiprsttoSf eacuNroittyiceAgbeyngt,ivrinegquniroet tlheesstrthaannsfe2r Btoanikt in(ogr Dtoayists' AAainfgogmthgmeeornienutgFenoaierftts"eto)ht.reSaTnemBhoceuomuyuriFinntOiytersueAottsfgA)Seameonlclfot,uaumrlonli,tonytnbwbeuAieyttghshneianonslttfe3powcaBufirlartlthe,npedkoriofnFbtvgihyridseDtetharBiewygoshrnFittosdtierfhsanrotenlddccSeeoeorinpcsbfut,ilrirbgmiistyayatpiittoiaDoonindofscthtauionenmtraeBhemneustypsoSeuOce(nuttchttooeenNfqdto"huBteaiSculeeByt.coouOntrhdiuteyst

5.3

toNphrooewrneeeFmrisroesfdtutihneBedsoenFirndiarhsrneotyslSdpoeeefrcctsuhtreosithyfFatiAhrllsegtebFBneiotr,snettdnhIteniLtldoeBeadobnntteAdodgTntrareeukessesmteweaennittyh(uonraredcesetxiporeentrhcctetisotoeFeiraonsnrtfyosBreFcoeeinrksdtatonLSoyeeaxconeufrrAciititgyssree(oreaigtnmhhyeetsrnritgtha)hanotdnsr

((bFFii)ieii)rrlssiotsttswuSSc,riehgetchhcureutirgrtioidthtyyatds)tAeeg(amtfenhaadnelnltindr"teogEpmnttaheefyeondmriSceBeeseanmcntaokosenifnndiagtt nSdSDyeetacemayumnsoridsntayserftyteAieslaglr"ses)toehnuncetnau(tbdtrihle,layedtse"ntuFheobeicnrjreesewcstbtshLyati,ocornhystughttboheSjeeptcporNtrepootsovtDeiicsrCaveiotleaenwu"ts)ahs. seeofg2viCavalelubaneouvsboeeyf att5hhn.dee4

5.4 pIfatyhethSeecBounydOSuetcAumritoyuAngtetontth(oer FitsirsntoSmeincueerityorAngoemnitnoeneso),r hbaesfogreive5npma bNinedwinYgocrokmtimmietmoenntthteo fFuirrtshteLro2n0g BSatonpkinDgatDe,aythepeSrioedcotnod pSaeycaunrityamAoguenntt e(oqruaitlstonotmheineBeuyorOnuotmAimneoeusn),t twoillthheavFeirsat Scoenctuinriutye tAogaepnpt.ly.During that further 20 Banking Day period, the Enforcement Standstill will

5.5 YcIfoomtrhkmetiitmmSeeecnootnntdothpSeaeycFutihrrseittyBLAuoynggeOnutStt(oAopmr oDitusantetn,tootmhteihneeEeFnifroosrrtceSnmeocmeuninrtietySestAa),gnedhnsattisllonwnoiolltr bngoeivfoelonrenga5eprmbianpNdpienlywg; cporomvmideitdmethnat ttoifp(ai)ytthhee SBeucyoOndutSAemcouurintyt tAogtehnet F(oirrstitSsencoumritiyneAegeonrt ndoumriningetehse) 2g0iveBsanakinbgindDinagy tenpDoneoatrmyceioorinpdeneedfliremiicosintm)dt,o.wetihdatRheinaeytEseguinlanycfrtohdeforlreclvblesoeismnwndieionninnfgggtwctShhcoteeomatmnhFmdemirisrtstmitittlmhleLewenontinSlltwgebibctSehyotnoratedphietnhDSsieaSrtadcteetuecprdoaaitnnyrftddoyAr(tSgihtih)eeaenctthutrcere(oiotmFuyrliadriAstisntgrdeeSneanoerstmcoou(nifonraisretbyuelictyAshogbrne2eno0nometBmxhinpaaineenseecketinensoogd)rt tgOShievuecetoNsAnomdatiocSuebeninwctduationrsigttyghiecvAoegFmneirnmsbttyitS(mtoehrecenuittFsriittrynosotAmpSgaieenynceutet.rh)iteyshABagullyehnOat vtuoet t3Ah0emSBoueanncotkinntodg StDheeacyusFriitraysfttAeSrgeethnceut rtdiotyapteaAygoenthnewt,hBtihcuhey

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

8

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

5.6 tAThhgaerteteFhmiersyetnwSt.iellccuorimtypAlygwenitthatnhde FprirosvtisBioonnsdhoofldCelarsusaegr1e3e.2in(gf)aavnodur1o3f.2th(he) SoefcthoendFSirsetcuBroitnydALgoeannt 5.7 SNeoctwonithdsItnadnedbintegdnaensysthrinegmatoinsthoeutsctoanntdrainryg, stehte fFoirrtsht SinectuhrisityAAggreeenmt sehnat,ll fnoort haasvelonthge arisghatntoy
a(SiIfnDpediptcreheruboacrtptitetiyrvdieaanActee2gtsi0oes(0nna.2ts'/sSw4su7oauc/buEchilhldCitry)et)esrteratomrsnictuyatliitkosoenfiutnhaosnenetydhaaeepsinsnpefrpoottehsrpcrermoeiarmEatpinUeorennonDtpsteiahrrcearttyeclilotdicnivunhecauntirnooogndnewedafrionybofayrfnetapcthtluileearrls,FouciarraosltnltepltarSattroeoetrrcatuiholmrefitapytreterhdDareemnogcstSheueeommcfeeFotnnhinrttsidssst AseSungecfrcoheorencamedpmepInnreotdn,petrbaaiatncetytidoionnnoefsb(isu)t.htisesFudocoFrhnirteshatepoptSahrevoecopruirtdihraiaattyninocneDbyodowcofueadmsyoeunonbofttts,sursecoushrcuhaltappripneprslotithcrpiaecribtaiploteeinornml(aAaow)nr es(tihnoi)at iltdslhindsecoohtneaepxrrtgboeeyvnitwdoefasuyathcnoheyf ohtohldeerwrsiseofthaanty aSreecnoontdcoInndtaeibnteeddnheesrseinanayndrig(hBt)s sthoacllonnostulfteatttieorn,, anltoetrifiocratiimonp,edeenftohreceambeilintyt oorf tirIIhnnneeddoaeerFgmbbaittraeensdndtiznnnSaeeetesirsocsscnu.orinotoysrrisAts(geiiiem)nntilttwao(riit)hprteotrhaoiflcsoizerAeeegdcrlivoneasgelemuteohenanttfraobnrmueytswauaslittssnheyotiusntaoastrhsneepytrsorpepeteuorrrmrtnyatpnaorenotdnhpteerredhtayiosllicdzhieenarvsrgaaoelufetbhoatefhnekSSrreeuecpcfrootocnnmydd,

6 PROCEEDS

6.1 AcollmpprroiscienegdtshereSceecivuerditybsyhaallnybeSaepcpulireitdy aAsgfeonllto,wBso: ndholder or Obligor on account of assets

a)

fSrieresccteloyivn, edinr Soreresacpuneryictyot foAtfhgaeelilnr tcaogosertsnatnsaynadnredecxeinpiverenersseposercaitnnocyuf raorlefldcthobesyitrsthaaegnedFnietrsxatpsSeneascecuosrintyisnecAqugurereenndtcoberytahthnaeyt

aSceccoornddanSceecuwriitthy tAhigseAntgrheaesmteanket;n action after instruction of the First Security Agent in

b) soefcthoendFlyir,stinBoorntdowLoaardnsApgareymemenetnto;f all First Indebtedness in accordance with the terms

c) tAhgirednlyt,oirnanreysrpeeccetivoefraolrl aonthyeorfcthoesitrsaagnedntse;xpenses incurred by the Second Security

d) tfeorumrthslyo,f tihneoSretcoownadrdBsonpdayLmoaenntAogfreaellmSeenct;onadndIndebtedness in accordance with the

e) feifnthtiltyle,dththeerbeatola. nce, if any, shall be paid to the Obligors or whomsoever shall be

7 REDISTRIBUTION

7.1 teIhnitehtheSereedcvioreenncdtt tBphoaanytdmtheeLnoSta,ensceoAtngdoreffSeoemrceucnrotitmyoprAetghneesnatStiooerncaonnpydaySSmeeeccnoutnsrdi,tytBhDoronoudcguhhmoldeeenntrfsor,reccpeermiioverenstotaifnnuyllrepalaanytdimonfeinntato,l settlement of all amounts outstanding under the First Bond Loan Agreement:

(i) the Second Security Agent shall immediately notify the First Security Agent about such payment, to the extent it is aware of the same, and

(ii) repay a corresponding amount to the First Security Agent, to the extent such amount was received by the Second Security Agent.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

9

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

8 VARIATIONS TO THE FIRST BOND LOAN AGREEMENT

8.1

vThFahoirrewsiateFtSivoireensrctsut,ShriaaetymtcusDeruniotcydchmuAvmeganeeritnnastttsioomwrnassiytu,hpaoaptumltaeenpmnyrdieotmnirmtescenottnoassntuohdlretfasrFtouiomiprnspttlwiemBmitoehentdntohtseLtiomsSaheenaclaAlogngnrdoreeteeSbmweecietiuhnnrctittohyanenAsdOigs/oebtenrlingta,tonpwrysriotohvfidtthheeed

Aprgoevnist,ioancstinogf tohnistAhegrienesmtruecntti;onpsroovfidtehde fSuertchoenrdthBaotnthdehopldrieorrsc,osnhsaellnbt eofrtehqeuiSreedcofonrdaSneycurity

aommfaCetulnardiutmysedesantt1e(3io).2rw(rghe)idcohermi1np3ct.ir2oe(nahs)secoshfetohdreualcFeciroesfltetBrhaeotneFdsirtLshtoeaInnadmAeobgrtreteisdeanmteioesnnstpo(rraos(fiiil)ienw, ehpfifaceyhcmtaeomnnettnhodef sindttahetereetsteht,risms

Agreement is first entered into).

AobernsyaunapnpindleteamgllredanoltscpuasmrhtaeolnlfttfshroeemxFeiarcnsutdteInaddftpeeubr rteesxduenacneusttsitoon,anobdrettohdeeimeFmpirleesdtmSefoenrct,uthrseiutycphDurvopacorusiametieoonnftssth,iasanmAdegsnrhedaemlml erenantnstkto SinepcroionrditySteocuthreityreAlgeevannt tshSaelcl oenndteIrnidnetobtseudcnhesasmaennddmtheentSse, csounpdplSeemceunrittsy aDnodcoumtheenr tdsoacnudmtehnets caosnthteemFpilrastteSdebcyurtihtyisAAggernetemmeaynt.reasonably require to maintain the relative rights and priorities

9 VARIATIONS TO THE SECOND BOND LOAN AGREEMENT

9.1 vtThahereiaSSteioecncoson,nddaSmSeeecncudurmirtiyteynDAtosgceounrmtsemunpatpsylewamtithaenonyutsttitpmoreitohraecnoSdnefscrouomlntadttiiomBnoenwtdoithLtiomtahene aAFggirrrseeteeSmweiecthunrttihtayenAdOg/beolnrigta,onrsy of FprirosvtidSeedcuhroitwy eAvgeerntht'satosruacnhyvFairrisattiBonosn,dhaomldeenrd'smpeonstsitioonr siunpapnleamdevnetrsseshmaallnnnoetr.weaken the

toaFhrmoetroigptrhhotietsseaitpnitouisonrnpaoonprsyrerocigfooilhevft,etshnpioasafnyCtthm,leaeuunnFstdiereosr9ftt.aiS1nke,teicnarugenrsyiotty,rammeAvgeaeentnundtrtmitoyinef dndaatentwfeaahudoilcvtrhesrerhisndaecellrmmeaaplawstniaeonysnesrosbarcehnadecddcebeueellmeesreauodtbrejwtesohctthiwcteheoatakhdeedns prior consent of the First Security Agent, acting on the instructions of the First Bondholders.

10 MISCELLANEOUS

10.1 TheimreetoistoofetxheerceisseseanncyepionwtheirsoAr grrigehetmheenrte,ubnudternoshfaalilluorepeorartedealasyaown athiveerptahretreoof ft,henoprasrhtieasll aenxeyrcsiisnegloef othrapt aorrtiaanl yexoethrceirsesuochf apnoyweproworerrigohrt.right hereunder preclude any other or further
10.2 Aaitspnepyllficwparibothlveoisuliaot wnmoiindnifaytnhinyisgrteAhleegvrreaeenmmt ajeuinnriitsndgpicrpotirohonivbiistseiohdanlsl,boyafstohtrios uAsnuglcraehwefjmuulreisnodtr.ictuionne,nfoonrclyeabbeleineufnfedcetriveaniny 10.3 tDIhnoeccauFsmiersetontfSsc,eoctnhuferliicttyet rbmDeostwcauenmednecntohtsnis,ditAthiogenresSeoemfcetohnnitsdaAnBgdorenadenmyLetoenartmnsshAaogllfrepthereemvaeFinilr.tstoBr otnhde LSoeacnonAdgreSeemcuernitty,

11 NOTICES

11.1 Ebeaccohmoefsthaewapraertioefsthheerheatoppheenrienbgyoaf garneeesvetnot noof tdifeyfaeualcthunodtheer rthaestesromons oafsthperarcetsicpaebcletivaeftFeirrsitt SBeoncudriLtyoaDnoAcugmreeenmtse.ntS, uFcihrstnSoteicceu,ritiyn Deoaccuhmceanstes,, sSheaclol nsdpeBcoifnydthLeoannaAtugrereeomf esnutchoreSveecnot nodf default and the date upon which it became aware of the happening thereof.
11.2 Every notice or other communication under this Agreement shall be in writing and may be given or made by e- mail, letter or telefax.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

10

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

11.3 ttEeimvleeefraybxennonutoimcteifbieeodrr osbptyheeictritfocieotdhmebmeoultonhwiecra(optioranrstuiescshhahloletbrheeetors)ea: ndtdtroesthseorretleelveafanxt pnaurmtybaetrthase madadyrefrsosmortimtoethteo (a) to the First Security Agent: Norsk Tillitsmann ASA 0P1.O1.6BOosxlo1470 Vika AFEta-tmncs:aiiOml:lialpeo:Ns+yt@4g7atrr2du2st8e7e.9n4o 10
(b) to the Second Security Agent: 0PNF1a.oO1cr.s6skiBmOToislixelllo:it1s+4m477a0n2Vn2ikAa8S7A94 10 AEt-tmn:aiOl:lapoNsyt@gatrrdustee.no

(c) to the Obligors: cFPNN/a.OooOxr-:w.C4+a8eB4y0co7o1xn3A17A6re5S0nA6da2l8 99 AEt-tm: aIvila:rpHo.stH@alcveocrosenn.no

11.4 Every notice or other communication shall, except so far as otherwise expressly provided by tohfisthAegrreeleevmaenntt,pabrety,deifebmyeed- tmoahilaovretebleeefanx,rewcheeivnedre, cief ibvyedle. tter, when delivered at the address

12 LAW AND JURISDICTION

12.1 This Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law. The courts of Norway shall have OexsclolusDivisetrijcutriCsdoiucrttio(nOsolovetringmreatttte) rsshaalrlisbiengtheouctooufrtoorf finirsct oinnsnteacntcioen. with this Agreement. The

13 COLLATERAL AGENCY PROVISIONS

13.1

AfThhIunoeegtdurrreeeersiebbeneytm,echdueaeonrcnaleedctcseehasrptnhstodseafontahftdphneaeFdiyinSrmaOsetgcebcronoleIinngtnedsodsieradsbnBteodtorehandhetdipnoroeleendLbrs,ofysoaournfgmnordrtaAahenngeSrtcrseeetphcetorimoseonmefdAtnhigsttehI,erneesadSelelmeaFbconetiurfednsrdsitttuntyhfceoIehnsArdsgtOmehebubenutnlttei,ugdbdaoeenalrrnne'sedastfhsgirteetrhesoaeepFfnmeiadrScslelettnivtcphteBusreeroirstnsiygeSedhnteAtt,cLfgooaoteirnnatntlddnhet

Afaungrdtehneitn,rtescruoebvsjetencinat,ntottotahanenddfudurtenhcdelearrrcetohvetheanatasntshteset,scSsoeuncbdujiertiicotytntsowaitlhlnedbeSagehrceeuledrimtyae.nnTdtshedsiespttarfirbotiuretthsedthoebrtehyiinst.hAegrSeeecmuerintyt

13.2 Upon and during the continuation of an event of default under the First Bond Loan Agreement AoaFkirpignrpsetdhtlniectinaSmSbecelaceocyunorlaenintwxyede,crtBtDichooioesnncedOuwtmhbLiteloehiganrontitgshrshiAstosghrAreaergneeSrdmbeeyecermeonwmntea,dneivstd,euSiebtepshjecreecupstrrFoiettyovinristdmtthDeeedSonceiptnu,crmuotdhrveeiitisnmsytiosAaD.nngsodreTc,seuoepmmtroteefhtonneerttst,shteaoonxarrtdbeaoSninvnteeytc,hponetenohrdtermiceeisSSttpeeeoeccdfcuuatrrivniibtteyyyy Documents.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

11

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

13.3 aaSngudebnjwetcilhlt,etosre,uubanjneddcetri,tnofaothcrcethoperdroabvneicsneieofnwitsisthso,eletthlfyoisratAhndgarbeeoxevcmelue:snivt,etlhyeofStehceurpitryesAegnetnatnwdilflustuerreveBaosndchoollaldteerrsa,l

(a) aanccdeSpte,ceonntderSientcou,rihtyoldD,omcuaminetanitns,, aindcmluidniinstgeralalnsdeceunrfiotyrcseubajlel cFtirtshteSreetcou, raitnydDaollculiemnesnts wScproeietwhcaoettenhrsdde atSFhneierdscretureurSimnteydceeDudrrio,eitcyspuegDmrrfoaoecnrnmuttesmdiatesnnodortsbaplavirgnaoadtiletaicSobtnel,esceotxuonendirdtceSuisrneetdcheauernr,idtFypieruDsnrtsofoSucrauecnmcetuettrhnoitetyso;irDniotnecrcueomsntesn,netrcsitgiaohnntsd,

(b) take all lawful and commercially reasonable actions permitted under this Agreement annedcetshseaFryirsotrSaedcvuisraitbyleDtoocupmroetenctst oarndprSeseecrovneditSsesceucruitryityDioncteurmesetn; ts that it may deem

(c) dDeolcivuemr eanntds raencdeiSveecnoontdiceSsecpuurristyuaDnotctoumtheisntAs;greement and the First Security

(d) tsoe,ll,oraossthigenrw, cisoelleecxte, racsisseemorbelen,foforcreectlhoeseriognh,tsinasntidturteemleegdaiel sproofcaeesdeicnugrsedwiptharrteyspect (pinaycelued)inwgitha mreosrptegcatgteoet,hteruFstirsdteSedecbuerintyefDicoiacruymaenndtsinasnudraSnceecobnedneSfeicciuarriytyoDr olocsusments and its other interests, rights, powers and remedies;

(e) remit as provided herein all cash proceeds received from the collection, foreclosure or enforcement of its security interest;

(f) execute and deliver amendments to this Agreement, the First Security Documents and Second Security Documents as from time to time authorized; and

(g) tDrheoelecaSusemeceoannntdsy BilfieoannnddgrLaaosnatrenedqAutgoirreeitdebmhyeeanrnet.ybyFiarnstdSbeyctuhreityFDirsotcBumonedntLsoaanndASgereceomndenSteacnudri/toyr

13.4 aEpgoaewcnhetrOtahbnelidrgeooarfu,hthweorirethitbyyfuinilrlrtephvoeowcneaarbmloyefcsooufnbsssuttictituhutteiOosnba,lingadosra,tphoperoiriinnttrisutsethoeawnnSdenlcaaumwrifetuy,l Afarogttmeonrnttiemayne-dinto-afnatyicmtoewffiiatchcetrifnuoglrl adturtihneg dtihreectcioonntionfutahneceObolifgaonrs,evoernint othfedeSfeacuultrituynAdegrentht'es dFiisrsctreBtioonndupLoonanthAegorececumrerenntcoeratnhde aOSSanpeebdpcclirougotnrhopidteryriaiBFDstoeiornrsceadtuqcmSutLieoieorcenanudntsarinttAoyodgr rDttdehoooeecemSuaxemneendccetuo,nftntaefsdoilrsaSantnehtyodceuatdrnphiodtueyrpauSDolnleosdcdceeouornmcodutfehmcneSateserncr.cytousivnreigatynnaodDnuitotnsctshutaremunmedtenertpmsnr,tsosvtoowisfhitotaihcnkihsse tAoahfngeyrtehreeealmnedvFeainranstl,ttl

13.5 AUgproenemanenet,veanntd osfodleofnagulat susnudcehr tdheefaFuilrtssthBaollnndotLhoaavneAbgereenemcuernetdoorrthweaivSeedcoinndwrBitoinngd toLotahne S1ethcruoruitgyhAg12enotf bthyisthAegrreeqeumiseintet: Bondholders, and subject to the provisions set forth in clauses

(a)

tSainhneedictSubpreyritocytucherDisietoydAciAugnmrggeeseennmattsses;hnitata,mlnladahnyadvdeeeaetchmhe aoripfgpthhrtoeapnFridiarstpetoStwoeecprurtrooitteyincDtstoaitcnuudtemeeannnfodtsrcmaenatdihnetSaerinicgohsnutsdchvessuteitds

(b)

ttclohaoewusreSotlelrocaifnulclreooitqrmy,upAfitreyogtmeetonnttteimjmnuferaoiysrt,doceiectiitmstihoueenc,r.haarnfitgyehrotesf ntahtnreydSoteor cwfuoitrrhietyoculuotnseedneturrypt,hoenprjtouhcdeegermedleebnvytansoutr iSdt eeoccrruserueitiytosafanatd

13.6 Subject to the provisions above, if a receiver of the Security shall be appointed in judicial parpopcoeinedtminegnst, otfhae reSceeciuverirt,ythAegeSnetcumriatyy Abgeenatpsphoainlltebde eanstitsleudchtorreecteaiivnerp.osNsoetswsiitohnstaannddincgontthroel oAfgraelel mceasnht orhealndy bFyirsot rSedceuproitsyitDedocwumithenitts oorr SitescoangdenStsecupruitrysuDaonctutmoenatnsy. provision of this

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

12

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

13.7

t(S(Fhiy)ite)rasUrtnethndteBotsil,oteinltalxhdspePiaerLeaproiatopaiordlnlinic,eaArtohbgfoelreftehF(eaeximnr)sdSetthtn(aSietin)edadcusnuipstdriocliltnhyaPactAhretgiegrneieogendoa,tinfrlotiaheralelrcthcoFSeofirer(srdcxetao)qInntnuhcddieeseiStdbweeitseictFchduhinrrasitethtyrsgeBsAeoagaonpenfdpndhartolol(oplyFdrr)eiiarttrhshtseteeIanvreseodxqtespiunebirigttsaefitdtopieonrrtnoehSvseoisisncfiooatthhnnnededs

tsfeceBhouoxxoerbenentccdrhdaculueahiptscuoepittnasldirdnogekegpianr(arsing)iana,dnyatoteyhsfpdaaosveptnewolrtiyothvteiecnefraoergccerpettodhridpoonirnnvfitoneogisvartriiuhoseftohtiendohersnoSosraoneiSnzfcteeytChohcdenleuarrdibreugSiyttshByoeetC,ocsuAnolasrdr1guhit3esyarL.nee9lolAtms,aaghnen1etadod3nAvy.te8g,1dr3aotiterh.hvre1eraeco0fmiotluarsergibthgnthhhlahteeeltl1a,t3naatoib.pdpm1yppt3ehalo;y,aeci.nnptimtnrSmogieenvetiscihdnntuoertruaddiotmc,yfceaianoAnnrrgdttdheeaecinnnpetccli,avwaecesroeriwetr,initooooghrfff

13.8 Sacutbiojenc, tthtoe tFhierstpSroevcisuiroitnysAogfeCntlasueslels 1a3n.9asasnedt w1h3i.c1h0 iisf, sinubcjeocntnteoctFioirnstwSitehcuarnityy eannfdorSceemcoenndt Sasesceutr,ityp,rotvhideedSeaclwonadysStheacut rtihtye oAbgleignattioshnasllofrethleeasFeirsttheSeScuerciotyndAgSenetcuurnitdyergrCalnatuesdesov5erantdha8t of this Agreement have not been breached.

13.9 The Second Security Agent shall be entitled to notice of any proceeding, exercise, aSinpefopcroumirniattymtioeAnngtreenogtrartdmaiknaigyngthreeraersfeeolrenrevadabnlyttoprreoinqcueCeesldatiunsgfre,oem1x3e.tr7icm;iseea,ntdaopspthiomainellt,mbeeanntdeonrtmittlaeakkdiengtoaavsraeitclhaeebivleSeecssouunccdhh aiinnnffooyrrsmmuaactthiioonnprotthocaettehdiesinSpgre,ocevoixdneedrdciBstoeo,nodathhpoeplrodiepnrotsmteeinfntirtaeolqrubteiadskdtieendrgs. boyr aonthyerofthtihrdempatrotiedsoinsoc,oinnncelucdtiionng wainthy

13.10 The First Security Agent shall not sell Hull 717, Hull 718 or Hull 719 (each, a "Vessel") or the ASoRhvaghSesearrnPfeittrlhsas(ottiotisnouebbCet(aaietnshicngseoeenudt"sVn2ada,mnelCuarsayaetpcotibpoooerndnai"rs1te)haloeaal arntodsCsfeuetdhhccaehopsnuvsarpa3srllueuo(eaveminadotcaefhtydot,hteaaaCkl"caaeVopueppspsyelliasccaoe1ebfl3l.ttOe8hh)eewVruneesnseaalserfmt"ese)elsr(fatrtahoontemdathFneepoirirtsihScSteeeeSrcceroCoecnngluaddarrirktSSdysleeoeAccnsguusserriionottyyrtf taheVeVsasleulaOtiownn).erIntothaepeevresonnt thoreeFnitristyt StheactuirsitaynAAgfefinlitatperoopfothseesOtoblisgeolrlsaoVrethseseFl iorsrtthBeonsdhhaorledserins (paur"cRhaeslaetepdricPe awritlyl "b)e(1a)nythoeutsotnalnydinnognT-craasnhchceoAnsBidoenradtsioanndpeTrrmanitctehde tBo Bcoonudnst (taonwdarPdrsofitthien trheespseacltethoenreoafr)ms'os hleenldgtbhy tseurmchsRaenladteudsePabrteysat nedff(o2r)tsthteo FpirrsotcuSreecuarit"ycoAmgefonrtt slheattllere"ntferormintoa cfSbraeoeevpmecounuuptraraiabtnrybaleelbAge,logeteitinoantttreteatr(dhnnfoesaratoictonShtneieoacanlborlymenwnd'sreietfhBcilteooonganfgndttihphsheeoerdltdsSeeoerinrmcnsosstnotihtdruaatneBniodnonttnihtidsywohshonweilcodhhteitchrohsasn)thaiaswtlnelodrnumbowledsthiaacwhhdahdRviocreeephlsianbsteaeeesrddeenthtPmoaoatabrttttthhyeaeerini(aseitSlaldyelebcieolnheinnasdgssa buenednersotbotoadinethdatisththisatrepqruoisrpeemcetinvtewpilrlonviodterbse, swahtiislefiewdilliinf gthetoroeapsinoen othnethceomsufobrjteclet ttmerathtears, anroet tAtonuprhatonugehtnwreecsnirhalSaltianecpsrRtgceierooeoptnnlpouapdottrwaeoiscbidpeteBhlisenoPweatnoairdltpelrhhstegyaoberuteslldll(oat1ehasnt)reeesVdoctsherutaeshremilsatenieaeontilirstnskyolteyhorlwitsnothnhtseiaoeacednnhrmds-atchih'snasaa(dsrn2tleheo)tsntrwacgsaiodnotuhuiRnbnalsdejgteeiVldacreoemtthenrsaasdstvoteaieaPolnnarCOdebrtlcweyapnoe)ueno.gnsretnmIernimsoittteotbah6edtte.daae1ir,sneiptaeevoelcaedlryunsncryotoilitenntiuhessnesosuatrcfFeatehiocxvrnoswcottmihnuatySaorrpadnneatbsh-gcrclaeaueattbrhsitoltiheeoysr cInodnesbidteedranteiosns omn uaspt roberataapbpaosirsti.oned between the First Indebtedness and the Second

13.11 TthheeeSxetecnutritsyucAhgewnrtittsehnaldl inreocttfioonlloswaraenyknworwittnenbyditrheectiSonescurreitcyeAivgeednpt utorsubaenitntocoCnlfaliucstewi1th3.7antoy provisions of law.

13.12 Oponwtehres dcareteatehdereboyftthhiserAegsrheaelml beentesshtaablllihshaveed taenrmd,inaatteadll,tiimncelsudtihnegrethaeftedrisucnhtailrtghee idnuftuiellsoaf nadll First Indebtedness and Second Indebtedness, there shall be maintained with the Security

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

13

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

AfASmoggeraeerciencunetlrtoaimtasiynuneernAdeatgcboceoyronruotthntSheateef(tScrtehoerrenecdatu"hlPrieiztrByaootociAnocegdnceeudunrLsrptoeoAaanntncceiactsnoAyoucgfonrSerteape"nc)om.urTaereihtntveyetesonPihftnfraiocolelccfseob.edendAendsefllaecAupmticlootocsnnoiuteuenwynddstietihstnrhhatathahtlelneaybrPeeFrcoierrocsesletclteaeecbBditvliosioesnndhAd,ecbdcyLsooaatuhlanendne,t tttfarbirhuimnegeinshdatedttte,setArhtdotgeoiitdrnrlteaeeeimesnadmaetefaitnfpeeyndmonridnstsai.gnihybttaTeeaienlonrlseddtbtstehaheteembemihlnaiPseeeihnlraxddottnacseadieeunnnqebtitdnoud-ngaisavetchpapcAcpeleroecolsiuncecPsnotdeartuotesronbycd,,yteastsesthahodheppefaspatlhlPrSrAotecrecpoooccrScnfuioaeesrtutehictetnidyeuttusroAitPsteryAghr,oedacpcanelcalelsotrlvetiuironedaonfssbtfawtltcefAhhoic,neciroccttrhhaShdoeleauelsnncupSSuctbueere-fricoatcpywurcuo.rcirsttiihoTthteyyeuhstnehAApthegsguPeeertrrsepnneohorttocma,sfefl.erlaseonAdbmoodesllff Admicsoctnroiebuyunsttiohsneh,ladbllebybdeitshtseriubSbujeteeccdutrbittoyytAhthegeeSneetxcciunluritsthyievAePgredonocmteaiensdiossneAt cafocnrodthuncinot nsCthrlaoallul,soetfo6tth.hee SexetceunrtityavAagilaebnlte. fAolrl

13.13 At any time and from time to time, upon the written request of the Security Agent, and, at the tsdSinhoeeselecetrrmeuueirmnsixtypegnenrDeantsoncsceteeausdnmso.dafertnydhtoesoc,OruthmbdeleeignSsoiterrsasc,boalntnehddeiSntOaekbcoeulbigrtisaotyuirnscDihnwogifclulutrhmpthereoenmrfutspalltcalytbnioedennxoeeaffcsittuhstteehoerafignShtdhetsicsduaernAliitvdgyerperAoeagwmneeyenrntsatn,rhedeathraseeloilnnsFauaibncrslhdyt

13.14 tSaPbDhdeeuoedccrcsoioutFuimnmoiardnisnenattngBltGtsodopuniradaaetrhrnctayeLtdno/ottoFaoerrnierinsaSAtdAneigygrBcerrooeecsnnetueddmcmshueeLSbnonasetatigcdnaruaieanrneAirdtdiymge//oorseerDrneototShmfscee,tuehcmnesoSutneePcdnachatonsrGnde.sd/nuuotIabrnSrIsasteihdcsnceouituaenerrenrFiytyeiarAc(sraeDgttinoroSrenece"euqAmcwmuudeiirertdenhintidytttisoaat,Donnnoyfdarbco/leousmcrOmuocFebmthinimlreistgsestopuSaratbo"rnes)tdicietdsiumsihtarhiaertteoyyl,l sereuxscephcounteesixbaeilcitSuieutisop.nplemsheanllt tobeIcnotemrceredaintor OAbglrigeeormehnetreinunthdeerforwmithof aEllxhiabpitpAlicahbelreetorigahntds uapnodn

13.15 TcrheeateSdecbuyritthyisAAggernete, mfoerntituspeolfnatnhde teitsrmssucacnedscsoonrsd,itiohnesrehbeyreaocfc. epts the powers and duties

13.16 TcohnestiFtuirtsintgStheecuFriitryst ASgeecunrtityshaalsllo creolnesatsiteutethsetheFiSrsetcoSnedcuSreityc,urietyxc(seupbt jewcht etoreCltahuesed1o3c.u1m8)e: nt

(a) diniswchhoalreg,euinpoanccthoerddainsccehawrgithe tihnefuFllirosft aBlol nFdirsLtoIanndeAbgtreedenmesesnt()oarnudpoanll oathdeerfeoabsliagnactieonosr finorrweshpicehctntohecrlaeiomf (oinr deeamchancdasfoer optahyemr ethnat,nwahneythceornotirnagleonrtwinridtteemn,nhifaicsatbioenenobmliagdaet)io; ns

(b)

tddapriisaessrnppmtsooofissetteiaertidnodyonobr fyatdosbtihssyteephtaoeFnssiyiruetsibxotOtjneBeb)cnolittngadotnoorfLtOtotohhabeenaligFAiponigerrtesrretsrieneoSsmnteaectshnutoartrl,aidttnya,isst tattrhhncaaeotnittostinf(imeserierotsherooedlfdros,otbhurtecerfahroontrhscseaeifrelrceowru,rriemstardeasfttneaodsrnrifscespoeurotchoshterehrodaswtathiloseeifes,;r

prheerosrepviiendc;etdofthaant,y tshuechFisrastleS, etrcaunrsitfyerAogreontth'serlidenisspowsiiltlioantt,ascuhbtjoectthteo tphreocpereiodrsitierescseeivtefdortihn

(c) (A) as to any First Security over (i) the shares in Cecon Shipping 2 AS and (ii) the TSaresrhsasippneepctschinteogtrhA2einrAteBeoSrofen)sidn(tissnf,uoelTlfarC(caihnencccclouhandesienSBghaispaBpdnoeiynnfdgiPnser2odafAintiS,nd,itnhuateepnroyFensirAtst,hdtedfBeitoerieonspndaaaLnyl odmBaeonontnhAtdegosrrreairesemmsduoeeeumndntp)ts;tbioyonwCoinefgctohinen

T((eaBiansra)sccnehluctdschiaenoasgrseCinataotnBseyoardennePsdyftrsisnoFfeiaoirtdsn,ftdCiinSneatetechncoreyeunsrFAitSt,iydrhsdfoietpitveBipoesoinnrnaga(diln)1dLtBhoAoeoaSntnhs,dhesAuarpgirsoareesnmseuotemihnudeenCntbrestey)c;pooCanweyimcSnogheninpintpSoihnrreigprspep1idenAegcmSt 1ptahtAnieodrSne(ooiiinf)f) ttfhh(uieenll

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

14

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

t(a(ahCinse)scPelTuetrdsraminnoaigcrtstheiantedonteDyar7enPB1syr9otosFnfiditoFr,ssfintiCnaaStneneedccrceoinausngnrt,iytSyfh(eAioniedpvsdpeieiartniaong(cidn)h3atohlAtecBhSaeos,srnheudaapsrmeoaiosnssusi(nnud1tee)sCdftiehonbceweyodirnnCegpeSinacihnoyiptmnrhpeeeSisnnphgteFipoc3iprrtsiAnttrheSgedBr3aeoenmnoAddfpS)t(iiooiiLn)rnotf(hau2onel)lf Agreement);

(d)

tsgahuisvebestnrotealbenayatisathreleleyloerafaelslqseuuocifshotihtfeelieaBFnnosiyrnsdotphfSootherltdecioeunrFrsitiryaos)ts,f SwstheeitetchuforrFreittiyshrsptAiengcSttehenteoctuFsoriiunrtsyctshuB(wcFohihnrsidcFthiLSrsoetmacnSuareyAitcgyui,rnreicitefylumcdhoeeannsst;eabnlaletnetdoonr

(e) as and when required in accordance with the other provisions of this Agreement.

13.17 taaiIhnncssesctciiorrgournsnmdusnae,cenncctchettesiseosnawoSsirwteshacitruohethrriettnayhesepcsAreioggrsevenslisnesa,tairoysasnenhsodarolhldfaeetetrhsetxheieoreafc,FbuciltureoespsttotionSnaetnretcedhrusmerpeiitexwnypca,rteitteontoersfnaeatnhndroeeyfqrteFuphmieoersrsottOtivoeSbonlfeiogtcthfohuererrserite,cyrooethfrss,deopiiernarcnesteyluievaceadccshoeeOcsdcubs,amloisgrseesounrcsotihns,r caossnisgtnitmutienngtspgurbalnictednotthiceereuonf dtehre, iFnirsetacSheccausrietywDithocruemspeenctst toansducthheFisrsetcuSreitcyuriintyte, raensdts sahnadll tdaaphesnreosylipivgFseeniurrrtescyatdcnoeSdtfseosttcrhouaterhnriestsOyfeebcSDrlui,egorcooictorryusnmcdaatehguneeSstnnesetcthsutooehrlaibdtcylelhbbaaAyersggtsehweingeittna,hSenoeddiunctaubrnpereidrtsyerpetjruAeiamdcgnitebcsenufoetr.fstroreeTthdtdhhe,eefoaFcrnraiirdganshnctstyeshSlaleaoelxltfcipdoutheenrineltiydvaSientsuedrorcoesursarreictttilyasheufaaaAstscgeetieitdotno,mnt baaooeylrfl thereafter incur in connection therewith.

13.18 The Second Security Agent shall release the Second Security:

(a) diniswchhaorleg,eupinonadccisocrhdaarngcee inwfiuthll othfeallSSeeccoonndd BInodnedbteLdonaenssA(gorreeumpoennta) daenfdeasaallncoetheorr oobbbeelliiggnaamttiiooanndsse)i;fnorrewshpieccht tnhoercelaoifm(inoreadcehmacansdefoorthpearythmaennta, nwyhceotnhteinrgoernatl ionrdewmritnteifnic,athioans

(b)

ttdaaprrtisaaestnrnphtmossoeffiseteattererinmrddeyoedorbafyoosdfbsrtihsyesopeuttahocsFnehsuyiirrbtwsisojOaetinslcebBe)t,loigtdatnoroindasrtpnhLtOosoeosfbeaeaSlrnidgeopoAcorerogf;ronrsitepndoherneomSarvteeihddtcniaresuattpdrnaioitsstynshadiantctihtoott,iahtonttenh(teioesSiotehtSsrhceoeeorlocdntoe,bhdnxeetdtrfrBeaononrScetnseirdfocceofuurrLtrrmhoeiateaydsftnteaAionrnAgrtecsgeoeurrnetechtse'htsethmrasswleiaoteinllsnedtiess,,,

wdiisllpoasttiaticohn, tsoubthjeectptrooctheeedpsriorreitcieesivesdet finortrheshpeerecitn;of any such sale, transfer or other

(c) sausbtsotanatiarelllyeaaslel ooffthaenySpeocrotniodn Soefctuhreity)S,ewcoitnhd reSsepceucrtityto(wsuhcichh SmeacyonidncSluedceuraityll, oirf ScLooenacsnuerAintygt rtheoaesmthbeeenetr;enlaegnaidvseenobfysuthceh rleieqnusisiotef tBhoenSdheoclodnedrsSaescuserittyfoArtgheinntthoen SsuecchonSdeBcoonndd

(d) winhtihceh ohawsnebreeonf agrVanetsesdeloavnedr (tih) ea Vasessestesl oufpothnatthoewsnaeler oupf othnatthVeesssaelel oorf (tihi)ethsehasrheasreins ttoFhhhtaieahrvsteetoroIbnnwaloidvgnteaaebbitrliet;aoeebndpnlsenroebovfsruifesdnatehdrcdeeshlaeiFantdiipn,rpseg(tlaCitecoS)dhettohcfcoautahtrrsietVetyheeatAsxhtsgtaeepetnlunto(rtApr1uo)3isns.t1sedhu2,eeerabdpCperpbloasylciueuetsshfefe,aidcstaisenS5nyoutafbstnsusodiradplriel8aeurdswyoefipelIlstr,mhositucsoteehgAereedgintsrhreefeouelrelfml,vsweaa(iBtnnlhe)tt shall be paid into the Proceeds Account and (D) such sale is on arm's length terms.

13.19 taIhncecciorornsdunacenccceteiossnwoiwrtshithothrtehaespsrrieoglvneissa,isoaennsodfhatehtreethoSef,eccuoopsnotdnanSthdeeceuxwriptryeit,ntesoner aroenfqytuhpeeosrOttiboolnfigttohhreesr,reetohsfe,pierincstuievcaeccehOsbcsaloigsrsoersoin,r areslseiagsnesd, , thsuechSeincsotnrudmSenetcsuraitsy aAregennetcesshsaallryexoer cduetseirainbleretsopetecrtmoinfattheeanSdecroenmdovSeeocuf rrietycosrdo

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

15

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

daSainlenelteylcipvruedrerosoirtptycsoe,urrmaatcynnaeddunostfssaethshctasoeolilgnbnOsaemtsbitdslueiiegtgnilonnitvsrgseargpnetrhuddaebnnttltoirceadhtnhneseotlfdhteiOecr,ebrbeyloiuogrntfohdctrehseae,ruS,siSneeiecnrocetoonesndapbdceehScSteaceocsacufssutrihgeirtienytyweSAdiDteghocaeocnnrundet.mdstpTreSeahnencetcstsufctearoairntrnydescduset,ochllheaartenisSoldeeneaccssuoahernnaidtddyl,l sSeaxetpciseofnnaddcittiuoSrneescoufthrtitahyteitASmgeecanoytntdhoerSreeaacnfuyterirtsyiuncDccuoercsuinsmocreonnttrnsuesscthetiaoelnl tbtoheecrwehiwathritgoheu.t apnredjubdeiceretoimtbhuersreigdhtsfoor fathney 13.20 TauhteomSaetcicuariltlyy orefleaasGeudaruapnotnorth(aesredleefainseedofinsuthceh rGeusaperacntitvoer'sBoonbdligaLtoioannsAugnredeermietsntr)essphaelcltivbee Gofutahreanatpepelic(aabsledeGfinueadraninteteheAgreresepmecetinvte. Bond Loan Agreement) in accordance with the terms 14. iIttsiscuanpdaecritsytoaosd saencduraitgyreaegdetnhtatan(ad) tbhoendFirtsrut sSteeecuruitnydAergethnet isFiersntteBrionngdinLtooathnisAAggrereeemmeennt toinn AAbegghrreeaeelfmmoeefnnttthoienn ibFtseirhscatalpfBaoocfnitthdyehaoSsldeesceroscnudarintBydona(dgbhe)ontlthdaeenrsdS. ebcoonndd trSuestceuerityunAdegrenthteisSeecnotenrdinBgonindtoLothains

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

TpahristieAsglriseteemd eonntthheassibgeneantoerinetse'rpeadgientaot othnetehneddoaftethsistaAtegdreaetmtehnet.beginning of this Agreement by the

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, as Bond Trustee and Security Agent under the First Bond Loan Agreement
"A, M
Nam eQ lfi

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, as Bond Trustee and Security Agent under the Second Bond Loan Agreement

* al

m

«ame: (fc j.

The terms hereof are acknowledged and agreed by us:

N orsk T illitsm an n ASA

1

LEGAL US E # 102141498.14

Exhibit A
[Form of] Supplement to Intercreditor Agreement
Reference is made to the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2013 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Intercreditor Agreement"), among Cecon ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 938 803 595, Rever Offshore AS, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 899 329 872, Cecon Shipping 1 AS, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 991 789 677, Cecon Shipping 2 AS, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 991 789 650 and Cecon Shipping 3 AS, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 991 789 685 (collectively, the "Obligors"), Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 963 342 624 (in its capacity as Security Agent under the First Bond Loan Agreement, the "First Security Agent"), Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 963 342 624 (in its capacity as Security Agent under the Second Bond Loan Agreement, the "Second Security Agent" and together in its capacity as First Security Agent, the "Security Agent") and each other person party thereto from time to time. Terms used and not otherwise defined herein are as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement.
This Supplement to Intercreditor Agreement, dated as o f_________________ , 20___ (this "Supplement to Intercreditor Agreement"), is being delivered pursuant to Clause 13.14 of the Intercreditor Agreement.
The undersigned,_______________ , a _____________ (the "Additional Obligor") hereby agrees to become a party to the Intercreditor Agreement as an Obligor thereunder, for all purposes thereof on the terms set forth therein, and to be bound by all of the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement as fully as if the Additional Obligor had executed and delivered the Intercreditor Agreement as of the date thereof.
This Supplement to Intercreditor Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute one contract.
This Supplement to Intercreditor Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law. The courts of Norway shall have exclusive jurisdiction over matters arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. The Oslo District Court (Oslo tingrett) shall be the court of first instance.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

1

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Additional Obligor has caused this Supplement to Intercreditor Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized representative as of the day and year first above written.
[Additional Obligor]
by:_______________

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, as Bond Trustee and Security Agent under the First Bond Loan Agreement
By:
Name:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, as Bond Trustee and Security Agent under the Second Bond Loan Agreement
By:
Name:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2

LEGAL U S E # 102141498.14

EXECUTION VERSION
ISIN NO 001 0604697 (Tranche A Bonds) ISIN NO 001 0604705 (Tranche B Bonds) ISIN NO 001 036425.0 (Tranche Cl Bonds) ISIN NO 001 050672.8 (Tranche C2 Bonds)
ISIN NO 001 0605090 (Warrants)
AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT
in respect of an AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT
originally dated 10 March 2011 (as amended)
between CECON ASA (Parent Borrower)
and CECON SHIPPING 1 AS AND CECON SHIPPING 2 AS
(Subsidiary Borrowers) and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of
THE BONDHOLDERS in the issues
5.0 per cent Cecon ASA Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2013 with Warrants 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured
Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche Cl Senior Secured
Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C2 Senior Secured
Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016
UKDOCS/l 178423 4

2/11

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT
This amendment and restatement agreement (the "Agreement") has been entered into on 20 February 2013 between Cecon ASA (Norwegian company no. 938 803 595) as issuer in respect of the Tranche A Bonds (the "Parent Borrower"), Cecon Shipping 1 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 677) ("Cecon 1") and Cecon Shipping 2 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 650) ("Cecon 2") as issuers in respect of the Tranche B Bonds and the Tranche C Bonds (the "Subsidiary Borrowers" and together with the Parent Borrower, the "Borrowers"), Rever Offshore AS (Norwegian Company no. 899 329 872) ("Rever") as Parent Guarantor and Cecon Shipping 3 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 685) ("Cecon 3") as Obligor under the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement (as defined below) and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian company no. 963 342 624) as loan trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Loan Trustee").
WHEREAS:

(A) Pursuant to an amended and restated loan agreement originally dated 10 March 2011 (as subsequently amended, modified and supplemented, the "Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement") made between the Borrowers as issuers and the Loan Trustee as bond trustee on behalf of the bondholders and warrantholders:

(i)

the Parent Borrower has issued (1) bonds constituting the Parent Borrower's 5.0 per

cent Cecon ASA Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue

2001/2013 with Warrants, with ISIN NO Oil 0604697 and (2) the warrants with

ISINNO 001 0605090 (the "Warrants"); and

(ii)

the Subsidiary Borrowers have issued bonds constituting the Subsidiary Borrowers'

(1) 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior

Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 0604705,

(2) 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche Cl Senior

Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 036425.0

and (3) 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C2

Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001

050672.8,

(B) to, inter alia, finance the completion of the Vessels and the purchase of the EDC Loan, the Issuers, Rever Offshore AS and Cecon Shipping 3 AS have or will enter into the New Bond Loan Agreement (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement) pursuant to which the New Bonds (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement (itself defined below)) will be issued;
(C) it is a condition precedent to the issuance of the New Bonds that, inter alia, the Bondholders agree to certain changes being made to the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement; and
(D) subject to the conditions set out herein, the Loan Trustee has accepted the terms and the entry into of this Agreement so that, inter alia, the terms of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement in respect of the Bonds are amended and restated as set out in the second amended and restated bond loan agreement (the "Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan

UKDOCS/1178423 4

3/11
Agreement") attached in Schedule 2 (S e c o n d A m e n d e d a n d R e sta te d B o n d L oan A g reem en t) hereto.

IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

1

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

(a)

Capitalized terms use herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning

ascribed to such terms in:

(i)

the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement, when such terms are

used in Schedule 1 (C on dition s p r e c e d e n t docu m en ts) hereto; and

(ii) the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement, when such terms are used in any other part of this Agreement.

(b) In this Agreement:

"Bondholder Counsel" means Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP.

"Effective Date" means:

(i)

the date on which the Loan Trustee notifies the Parent Borrower in writing that it

has received all the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1

0C onditions p re c e d e n t docu m en ts) hereto in a form and substance satisfactory to it;

or

(ii) such earlier date as informed in writing by the Loan Trustee to the Parent Borrower, acting on the instructions of the holders of Bonds that hold in excess of 50% of the Tranche A Bonds.

(c)

The provisions of Clause 1.2 (C on stru ction ) of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan

Agreement apply to this Agreement as though they were set out herein in their entirety,

except that references to the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement shall be

construed as references to this Agreement and any other logical adjustments being made.

(d)

Any reference herein to the "Finance Documents", the "Security Documents", the

"Guarantees" or "Loan Security" shall be construed as a reference to the agreements,

documents and security interests designated as such in the Amended and Restated Bond

Loan Agreement and entered into, executed, made or granted in relation or pursuant to the

Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement.

2

THE EFFECTIVE DATE

With irrevocable and unconditional effect from and including the Effective Date:

UKDOCS/l 178423 4

4/11

(a) the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement (and thereby the rights and obligations pertaining to the Bonds) will be amended and restated in the form set out in Schedule 2 (S eco n d A m e n d e d a n d R e sta te d B o n d L oan A g reem en t) hereto, so that the rights and obligations of the Bondholders, the Borrowers and the Loan Trustee shall, with effect from and including the Effective Date, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the terms of the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement.

(b) the Bondholders, the Borrowers and the Loan Trustee shall have the rights and take on the obligations ascribed to them under the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement;

(c) the Bondholders and the Loan Trustee:

(i)

waive any and all Defaults, Events of Default and any other non-compliance with

or breach of the terms of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement, the

other Finance Documents and any related agreement or document and any

misrepresentation made thereunder;

(ii) waive any and all rights of mandatory redemption, repayment or prepayment due or otherwise capable of being declared due under the Finance Documents and any related agreement or document, excluding reimbursement of costs and expenses to the Loan Trustee and fees due to the Loan Trustee; and

(iii) give such consents and other waivers as are required to complete the transactions contemplated by the New Bond Loan Agreement (in its original form) (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement);

(d) each security interest constituting Loan Security or otherwise granted under the Security Documents or in relation to the Finance Documents, the 2007 Bonds or the 2009 Bonds (the latter two as defined in the Transaction Agreement), is fully released and discharged;

(e) each member of the Group is fully released and discharged from all obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent) under the Finance Documents and related agreements and documents (other than in respect of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement, in relation to which the obligations and liabilities of the Borrowers thereunder shall be amended and restated as set out in this Agreement), including obligations and liabilities under or in respect of the Guarantees, the Loan Security, the Security Documents and any obligations and liabilities related to the 2007 Bonds and the 2009 Bonds, provided that nothing in this paragraph shall compromise or release any accrued and unpaid costs, expenses and fees of the Loan Trustee; and

(f)

the Loan Trustee shall (in its capacity as trustee and security agent for the Bonds, the 2007

Bonds and the 2009 Bonds (the latter two as defined in the Transaction Agreement) and the

holders thereof) promptly:

(i)

at the request and cost of the Parent Borrower, take whatever action is necessary to

give full effect to (1) the waivers and consents set out in paragraph (c) above and

(2) the release and discharge of obligations, liabilities and security interests set out

in paragraphs (d) and (e) above, including the filing of documents for de

llKDOCS/l 178423 4

5/11

registration in any relevant registry, the sending of notices of release and discharge to relevant persons (and each member of the Group may, from and including the Effective Date, treat a copy of this Agreement as a notice of release and discharge of the relevant security interest); and

(ii) deliver to the Parent Borrower the originals of any debt instruments and similar documents evidencing indebtedness of any member of the Group.

3

FINANCE DOCUMENTS

This Agreement is a Finance Document for the purpose of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement.

4

FURTHER ASSURANCES

The parties shall, at their own expense, take whatever actions the Loan Trustee may reasonably require for the purposes of implementing the Restructuring pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement including any actions required to create, perfect, preserve or protect any security intended to be created pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement.

5

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Invalidity of any Provision

If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any law, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected or impaired in any way

5.2 Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and all of those counterparts taken together will be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.

6

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Borrowers, Rever and Cecon 3 represent and warrant that as at the Effective Date that:

(a)

each of the Borrower is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly

existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets

and carry on its business as presently conducted;

(b)

each of the Obligors has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all

necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of

this Agreement;

(c)

This Agreement constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties

thereto, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and no registration, filing,

payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render this

Agreement enforceable against the Borrowers; except as enforceability may be

UKDOCS/1178423 4

a.

6/11

limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law);

(d) the entry into and performance by each Borrower of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on that Borrower; and

(e)

all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of all persons (including

Governmental Authorities) required for the Borrowers in connection with the

execution, performance validity or enforceability of this Agreement, and the

transactions contemplated hereby, have been obtained and are valid.

7

JURISDICTION AND GOVERNING LAW

(a)

This Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this

Agreement between the Loan Trustee, the Bondholders and any Borrower, shall be

governed by Norwegian law.

(b)

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Agreement between the Loan

Trustee, the Bondholders and any Borrower, shall be exclusively resolved by the

courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

8 EFFECTIVENESS

The Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement shall not be effective unless and until the date on which each of the following has occurred (i) the Loan Trustee has given its written confirmation in accordance with Clause 1(b) on or before 11.59pm (Oslo time) on 15 March 2013; and (ii) all fees, costs and expenses incurred by or payable to the Loan Trustee and its advisers (including, but not limited to, Bondholder Counsel and any local counsel engaged by them) in connection with the issuance of the New Bonds and the amendments to the terms of the Bonds and all matters ancillary thereto have been paid in full by the Parent Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, such fees, costs and expenses shall include an estimate on the part of both the Loan Trustee and its advisers (each acting reasonably) of the fees, costs and expenses anticipated to be incurred by them through to completion of the issuance of the New Bonds and all matters ancillary thereto, including any post-closing matters.

For the avoidance of doubt, prior to written confirmation of delivery of all the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 (C on dition s p re c e d e n t docu m en ts) in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee and payment in full of fees, costs and expenses as set out above, the terms of the Bonds and the Loans shall be governed by the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement.

9 TERMINATION

This Agreement shall terminate at 11.59pm (Oslo time) on 15 March 2013 if any of the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 ( C o n d itio n s p r e c e d e n t d o c u m e n ts )

UKDOCS/l 178423 4

7/11
has not been delivered to the Loan Trustee in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, or such delivery has been waived by the Loan Trustee, by such time.
** *
UKDOCS/1178423 4

8/11

SCHEDULE 1

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT DOCUMENTS

(a)

This Agreement, the New Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, duly

executed by all parties thereto.

(b) Certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Obligors to execute the Finance Documents.

(c)

A power of attorney from each of the Obligors to relevant individuals for their execution of

the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar

documentation evidencing such individuals' authorization to execute the Finance Documents

on behalf of the Obligors.

(d) Certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for each Obligor, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of each Obligor.

(e)

Any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee and the relevant

Bondholders (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor and opinions

related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents), addressed to

the Bond Trustee (for itself and as trustee on behalf of the Bondholders), such legal opinions

to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

(f)

Evidence that the EDC Loan has been (or substantially concurrently with the Effective Date

will be) transferred in full to the Parent Borrower and all security interests and guarantees in

respect thereof have been (or substantially concurrently with the Effective Date will be)

released and discharged.

(g)

The Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary

corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence of the establishment and

perfection (in certain circumstances, substantially concurrently with the Effective Date) of

the Bond Security (and any insurance certificates evidencing any issuance covering the Bond

Security).

(h) The Completion Contracts having been duly executed by all the parties thereto and in effect on or before the Effective Date.

(i)

Payment in full of the invoice issued by the Bondholder Counsel and dated on or about the

date of this Agreement, which invoice shall include the fees, costs and expenses of local

counsel and an amount on account of fees (including the fees, costs and expenses of all local

counsel retained by Bondholder Counsel) to be reasonably incurred in connection with

completion of the new financing and restructuring (it being understood that such payment is

only a condition precedent to the Effective Date and that the Obligors are otherwise under no

obligation to make such payments).

(j)

A copy of an executed commitment letter between, inter alia, the Parent Borrower, the Parent

Guarantor and York confirming a binding commitment on the part of York to purchase

UK DO CS/1178423 4

9/11
Tranche C Bonds, Tranche D Bonds and Primary Additional Bonds (each as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement). (k) Evidence that each of the conditions precedent listed in Clause 6.1 of the New Bond Agreement have been satisfied and/or waived by the Bond Trustee (as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement) under the New Bond Loan Agreement.
UKDOCS/l 178423 4
9-

10/11
SCHEDULE 2 SECOND AMENDED AMD RESTATED BOND LOAN AGREEMENT
UKDOCS/1178423 4

EXECUTION VERSION
ISIN NO 001 0604697 (Tranche A Bonds) ISIN NO 001 0604705 (Tranche B Bonds) ISIN NO 001 036425.0 (Tranche Cl Bonds) ISIN NO 001 050672.8 (Tranche C2 Bonds)
ISIN NO 001 0605090 (Warrants) SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND LOAN AGREEMENT
between CECON ASA (Parent Issuer) REVER OFFSHORE AS (as Parent Guarantor)
and CECON SHIPPING 1 AS AND CECON SHIPPING 2 AS
(Subsidiary Issuers) CECON SHIPPING 3
(as Obligor) and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
THE BONDHOLDERS AND THE WARRANTHOLDERS
in the issues 5.0 per cent Cecon ASA Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2013 with Warrants
8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016
8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche Cl Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016
8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C2 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016
U K D O C S /1178424.8
or

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions and Construction.........................................................

3

2 The Bonds and the Warrants................................................................................. 21

3 Listing.................................................................................................................... 23

4 Registration in the Securities Depository............................................................... 24

5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds..............................................................................24

6 Representations and Warranties.................. ........................ .......................... 24

7 Status of the Bonds and Bond Security...................................................................29

8 Interest...................................................................................................................29

9 Maturity of the Bonds, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option..... 31

10 Payments................................................................................................................35

11 Issuers' Acquisition of Issuers' Bonds and Warrants............................................ 37

12 Covenants............................................................................................................... 37

13 Fees and Expenses..............................................................................

47

14 Events of Default.................................................................................................... 48

15 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting and the Bond Trustee........................... 52

16 The Bond Trustee................................................................................................... 55

17 Miscellaneous........ .........

58

18 Eligible Purchasers and Transfer Restrictions............................................. 63

2
UKDOCS/l 178424 8

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND LOAN AGREEMENT
This agreement has been entered into on the Effective Date between Cecon ASA (Norwegian company no. 938 803 595) as issuer in respect of the Tranche A Bonds (the "Parent Issuer"), Rever Offshore AS (Norwegian company no. 899 329 872) as parent guarantor (the "Parent Guarantor"), Cecon Shipping 1 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 677) ("Cecon 1") and Cecon Shipping 2 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 650) ("Cecon 2") as issuers in respect of the Tranche B Bonds and the Tranche C Bonds (the "Subsidiary Issuers" and together with the Parent Issuer, the "Issuers"), Cecon Shipping 3 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 685) ("Cecon 3") as obligor and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian company no. 963 342 624) as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bond Trustee").
As set out in the Amendment and Restatement Agreement referenced below, this Bond Loan Agreement amends, restates and supersedes the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement (as defined below).
The Bond Trustee is bond trustee for the Bonds and agent for the Warrants in respect of Warrantholders' right to exercise their Exercise Rights and any adjustments to the Exercise Price, as set out in Attachment 1.

1 Definitions and Construction 1.1 Whenever used in this Bond Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the
following meaning:
15 Day Auction End Date: is defined in Clause 12.2(h).

20 Day Auction End Date: is defined in Clause 12.2(g).

ABM:

is defined in Clause 3.1.

Account Manager:

a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

Additional Bonds:

the Additional Tranche A Bonds, the Additional Tranche B Bonds, the Additional Tranche Cl Bonds and the Additional Tranche C2 Bonds (each defined in Clause 8).

Amended and Restated Bond the amended and restated bond loan agreement

Loan Agreement:

originally dated 10 march 2011 between Cecon 1,

Cecon 2, the Parent Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

3
UKDOCS/l 178424 8

4/71

Amendment and Restatement the amendment and restatement agreement dated 20

Agreement:

February 2013 made between the Parent Borrower, the

Subsidiary Borrowers and the Bond Trustee (each as

defined in the Amended and Restated Bond Loan

Agreement), providing for, among other things, the

amendment and restatement of the Amended and

Restated Bond Loan Agreement.

Attachment: Banking Day:

the attachments to this Bond Loan Agreement.
any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo and New York.

Bond Loan Agreement:

This second amended and restated bond loan agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time.

Bond Security:

the security for the Bonds created or purported to be created pursuant to the Security Documents, which includes, inter alia:
(i) second priority perfected and registered ship mortgages on, and security interests in, each of the Vessels, with the related Deeds of Covenant;
(ii) second priority perfected and registered hypothecs with respect to all movable property related to each of the Vessels;
(iii) second priority perfected Security over the materials and equipment earmarked for use in the construction of the Vessels;
(iv) second priority perfected and registered Security on, assignments of, and security interests over, any monetary claims arising under any of the Completion Contracts;
(v) second priority assignments of insurance in respect of each of the Vessels providing that the Bond Trustee is second loss payee and additional insured in respect of the collateral listed in paragraphs (i) to

U K D O C S /1 178424.8

Bond Trustee:
Bondholders: Bondholders' Meeting: Bonds: Call Option: Cecon 1: Cecon 2: Cecon 3: Chairman:

5/71
(iv) above;
(vi) a second priority pledge over the shares in each Rever Obligor owned by any Obligor;
(vii) a second priority pledge over each of the Cash Management Accounts and any other accounts held by each of the Rever Obligors;
(viii) a second priority charge on certain intercompany debts owing by any Obligor to any Obligor;
(ix) a second priority pledge over any insurances held by each of the Rever Obligors; and
(x) second ranking security over substantially all of the other assets of each Rever Obligor.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee.
the holders of the Bonds, as registered in the Securities Depository.
a meeting of the Bondholders in respect of one or more Issues of the Bonds, as set forth in Clause 15.
collectively, the Tranche A Bonds, the Tranche B Bonds, the Tranche C Bonds and all Additional Bonds.
is defined in Clause 9.2(b).
Cecon Shipping 1 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 677).
Cecon Shipping 2 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 650).
Cecon Shipping 3 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 685).
the chairman of the board of directors of the Parent

UKDOCS/1178424 8

6/71

Guarantor.

Change of Control Event:

if and when any person or a group of persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, acquires Decisive Influence over the Parent Issuer (other than the Parent Guarantor) or the Parent Guarantor.

Completion Contracts:

the vessel completion contracts entered into by the Subsidiary Issuers and Cecon 3 relating to the construction and completion of the Vessels fully equipped (including any insurance and guarantees relating thereto), as the same may be amended, modified or replaced from time to time to the extent permitted by this Bond Loan Agreement.

Construction Schedule:

Budget with respect to any Vessel, the schedule set forth as Attachment 2 with respect to such Vessel, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Construction Progress Report:

the weekly report delivered to the Bond Trustee consisting of (i) any milestone or other reports prepared under any Completion Contracts since the delivery of the prior Construction Progress Report and (ii) a brief comparison of the progress of the construction of the Vessels to the relevant Construction Budget Schedule.

Davie Agreement:

the Subordination and Rights Agreement between Chantier Davie Canada Inc., the Bond Trustee and the Parent Guarantor entered into on or about the date hereof.

Davie Entities:

Chantier Davie Canada Inc. (English version: Davie Canada Yard Inc.), a corporation incorporated under the federal laws of Canada and continued under the provincial laws of Quebec, together with its Subsidiaries; and any alternative yard as set forth in Clause 15.1(j).

Davie Yard:

the yard at Levis, Quebec, Canada owned as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement by the Davie Entities.

Decisive Influence:

a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:

UKDOCS/1178424,8

0/

Default: Defeasance Pledge: Delivery Date: Distribution: EDC: EDC Loan:
EDC Loan Agreement:
Effective Date:

7/71
(i) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(ii) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors or comparable governing body of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
an event or condition the occurrence or existence of which would, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both, become an Event of Default.
is defined in Clause 17.2.
with respect to each Vessel, the date of execution of the Protocol of Delivery and Acceptance as set forth in Clause 6.4.3 of each of the Completion Contracts.
is defined in Clause 12.2(d).
Export Development Canada.
the indebtedness (including indebtedness under hedging instruments for reducing currency and interest rate exposure related to such indebtedness) advanced to the Vessel Owning Companies pursuant to the EDC Loan Agreement exclusively for the part-financing of the Vessels.
the loan agreement dated April 23, 2009 between the Vessel Owning Companies and EDC, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, replaced or refinanced from time to time, including through the Effective Date.
has the meaning given to that term in the Amendment and Restatement Agreement.

U K D O C S /1 178424.8

Event of Default: Exchange: Exercise Price: Exercise Right: Face Value Finance Documents:
Financial Indebtedness:

8/71
is defined in Clause 14.1.
(i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
is defined in Attachment 1.
is defined in Attachment 1.
means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.
means (i) the Original Bond Loan Agreement, as amended and restated in the form of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement and further amended and restated in the form of this Bond Loan Agreement, (ii) the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, (iii) the fee agreement according to Clause 13.1, (iv) the Guarantee Agreement(s), (v) each Security Document and any other documents executed in relation to the granting of any Bond Security, (vi) the Davie Agreement and (v) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by any Obligor in relation to any obligation under the Original Bond Loan Agreement, as amended and restated in the form of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement and as further amended and restated in the form of this Bond Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition (each as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time).
any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(i) moneys borrowed;
(ii) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures,

U K D O C S /1 178424.8

Financial Statements:
GAAP: Governmental Authority:

9/71
loan stock or any similar instrument;
(iv) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(v) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non recourse basis);
(vi) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(viii) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vii) above.
the audited unconsolidated annual financial statements of each Obligor, and the consolidated annual financial statements (including consolidating adjustments) of the Parent Issuer and the Parent Guarantor for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the board of directors.
the generally accepted accounting principles in Norway; provided that such principles are IFRS-compliant.
any government, parliament, legislature, or any regulatory authority, agency, commission or board of any government, parliament or legislature, or any court or (without limitation to the foregoing) any other law, regulation or rule-making entity (including, without limitation, any stock exchange, securities regulatory authority, central bank, fiscal or monetary authority or

U K D O C S /1 178424.8

Group: Group Company: Guarantee Agreement: Guarantees:
Guarantor: Hull 717: Hull 718: Hull 719: IFRS: Instruments: Instrument Holders: Intercreditor Agreement:

10/71
authority regulating banks), having jurisdiction in the relevant circumstances.
the Parent Issuer and its Subsidiaries (direct and indirect).
the Parent Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
The guarantee agreement executed among the Obligors dated on or about the date hereof, as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time.
an unconditional, irrevocable and joint and several ondemand guarantee from the Obligors securing all payment obligations of each of the Issuers under the Finance Documents, pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.
at any time, any member of the Group that provides, or is required to provide, a Guarantee at such time.
the VS 4220 Offshore Construction Vessel owned by Cecon 2 and under construction at Davie Yard as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement with yard no. 717.
the VS 4220 Offshore Construction Vessel owned by Cecon 1 and under construction at Davie Yard as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement with yard no. 718.
the VS 4220 Offshore Construction Vessel owned by Cecon 3 and under construction at Davie Yard as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement with yard no. 719.
the international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002.
means the Bonds and the Warrants,
means the Bondholders and the Warrantholders.
the intercreditor and subordination agreement dated on or about the date hereof among the Security Agent and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as security agent for the New

UKDOCS/1178424 8

e_^

Interim Accounts:
Interest Payment Dates: I SIN: Issue: Issuers:
Issuers' Bonds:
Milestone Date: Money Laundering Laws: Mortgaged Vessels: New Bondholders:

11/71
Bonds, as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time.
the unaudited unconsolidated quarterly financial statements of each Obligor, and the consolidated quarterly financial statements (including consolidating adjustments) of the Parent Issuer and the Parent Guarantor for any quarter, drawn up according to GAAP.
18 March, 18 June, 18 September and 18 December in each year, commencing on 18 March 2013.
International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of each Issue.
with respect to any Bonds, the issue of such Bonds.
the Parent Issuer and the Subsidiary Issuers; provided that "Issuers" shall not include any entity that has been released from its Guarantee pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.
with respect to any Issue of Bonds, any Bonds owned by any Obligor, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over any Obligor, or any person or persons over whom any Obligor has Decisive Influence. For the avoidance of doubt, Issuers' Bonds shall not include any Bonds held by or for the benefit of York, subject to York holding less than 50% of the voting rights in each Obligor.
with respect to any Vessel, any milestone date as set forth in the Construction Budget Schedule with respect to such Vessel.
is defined in Clause 6.1(u).
Hull 717, Hull 718 and Hull 719.
the New Tranche A Bondholders, the New Tranche B Bondholders, the New Tranche C Bondholders and/or the New Tranche D Bondholders, as applicable.

U K D O C S /1 178424.8

O-

12/71

New Bonds:

collectively, the New Tranche A Bonds, the New Tranche B Bonds, the New Tranche C Bonds, the New Tranche D Bonds and any Additional Bonds (as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement) thereto.

New Bond Loan Agreement:

the bond loan agreement with respect to the New Bonds dated on or about the date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time).

New Bonds Security:

the security for the New Bonds created or purported to be created pursuant to the Security Documents, which includes, inter alia:
(i) first priority perfected and registered ship mortgages on, and security interests in, each of the Vessels, with the related Deeds of Covenants;
(ii) first priority perfected and registered hypothecs with respect to all movable property related to each of the Vessels;
(iii) first priority perfected Security over the materials and equipment earmarked for use in the construction of the Vessels;
(iv) first priority perfected and registered Security on, assignments of, and security interests over, any monetary claims arising under any of the Completion Contracts;
(v) first priority assignments of insurance in respect of each of the Vessels providing that the Bond Trustee is first loss payee and additional insured in respect of the collateral listed in paragraphs (i) to (iv) above;
(vi) a first priority pledge over the shares in each Rever Obligor owned by any Obligor;
(vii) a first priority pledge over each of the Cash Management Accounts and any other accounts held by each of the Rever Obligors;
(viii) a first priority charge on certain intercompany

UKDOCS/1178424 8

Qs

13/71

debts owing by any Obligor to any Obligor;
(ix) a first priority pledge over any insurances held by each of the Rever Obligors; and
first ranking security over substantially all of the other assets of each Rever Obligor.

New Tranche A Bonds:

the Tranche A Bonds as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement.

New Tranche B Bonds:

the Tranche B Bonds as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement.

New Tranche C Bonds:

the Tranche C Bonds as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement.

New Tranche D Bonds:

the Tranche D Bonds as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement.

New Tranche A Bondholders: the holders of the New Tranche A Bonds,

New Tranche B Bondholders: the holders of the New Tranche B Bonds.

New Tranche C Bondholders: the holders of the New Tranche C Bonds.

New Tranche D Bondholders: the holders of the New Tranche D Bonds,

NOK:

Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.

Non-Rever Group:

collectively, the Parent Issuer and its Subsidiaries other than the Rever Obligors.

Obligor:

the Issuers . Cecon 3and each Guarantor; provided that "Obligor" shall not include any entity that has been released from its Guarantee pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.

OF AC:

is defined in Clause 6.1(v).

Original Bond Agreement

Loan Collectively, the amended and restated bond loan agreements originally dated 30 April 2007 and 30 April

U K D O C S /1 178424,8

cv

Outstanding Bonds:
Parent Issuer: Parent Guarantor: Paying Agent: Payment Date: Permitted 719 Financing:
Permitted Refinancing:
Put Option: Refinancing Obligor:

14/71
2009, each between the Parent Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
(i) in respect of any Issue of Bonds, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of that Issue; and
(ii) in respect of all of the Bonds, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Issues.
Cecon ASA (Norwegian Company No 938 803 595), the ultimate parent company of each of the Issuers.
Rever Offshore AS (Norwegian Company No 899 329 872), the parent company of each of the Subsidiary Issuers and Cecon 3.
the legal entity appointed by the Issuers to act as their paying agent in the Securities Depositary with respect to the Bonds.
a date for due payment of principal or interest under this Bond Loan Agreement. If a Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the relevant payments shall be made on the following Banking Day.
shall have the meaning given to that term in the New Bond Loan Agreement, as in effect on the Effective Date and provided further that the terms shall be no less favourable from the relevant issuer/borrower and Bondholders' perspective than the terms of the New Tranche D Bonds.
shall have the meaning given to that term in the New Bond Loan Agreement, as in effect on the Effective Date and provided further that the terms shall be no less favorable from the relevant issuer and Bondholders' perspective than the terms of the New Bonds being so refinanced.
is defined in Clause 9.7(a).
is defined in Clause 1.3(b).

U K D O C S /1 178424.8

Ou'

15/71

Regulation D:

Regulation D adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the US Securities Act.

Regulation S:

Regulation S adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the US Securities Act.

Rever Obligor:

the Parent Guarantor, the Subsidiary Issuers, Cecon 3 and each Guarantor other than the Parent Issuer.

Rule 144A: SDN List: Securities Depository:

Rule 144A under the US Securities Act.
is defined in Clause 6.1(v).
the securities depository in which each Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

Securities Depository Act:

the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Security:

any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothec, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

Security Agent:

the Bond Trustee or any other bank or institution appointed to act as such pursuant to Clause 16.4.

Security and Covenant Shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 17.2. Defeasance:

Security Documents:

any document creating, establishing, recording, confirming, evidencing or preserving or otherwise related to any security relating to the Bonds and the New Bonds (each as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time), including each of the following documents:

(i) the Intercreditor Agreement;
(ii) deeds of hypothec with respect to all movable property related to each of the Vessels;
(iii) a formalities certificate and related statement of

UKDOCS/l 178424.8

UKDOCS/l 178424,8

16/71
completeness delivered by the Obligors;
(iv) a security agreement pertaining to insurance, intercompany debt, floating charges over trade receivables, machinery and plant and inventory, and a pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee over each of the Cash Management Accounts and any other accounts held by the Rever Obligors;
(v) a pledge agreement with respect to the Parent Guarantor's shares in Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee, together with notices of pledge and acknowledgements of notice;
(vi) a pledge agreement with respect to the Parent Issuer's shares in the Parent Guarantor in favour of the Bond Trustee together with notice of pledge and acknowledgement of notice;
(vii) a pledge over certain intercompany debts owed by any Obligor to any Obligor;
(viii) assignment(s) in respect of the First Priority Assignments of Insurance and the Second Priority Assignments of Insurance;
(ix) a Builder's Mortgage in respect of Hull 717 by Cecon 2 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(x) a Deed of Covenants in respect of Hull 717 by Cecon 2 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xi) an Assignment of Insurance in respect of Hull 717 by Cecon 2 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xii) a Builder's Mortgage in respect of Hull 718 by Cecon 1 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xiii) a Deed of Covenants in respect of Hull 718 by Cecon 1 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xiv) an Assignment of Insurance in respect of Hull 718 by Cecon 1 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xv) a Builder's Mortgage in respect of Hull 719 by Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xvi) a Deed of Covenants in respect of Hull 719 by Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee; and
(xvii) an Assignment of Insurance in respect of Hull

Share: Solvent:
Stamdata: Subsidiary: Subsidiary Issuers: Tranche A Bonds:
Tranche A Maturity Date: Tranche B Bonds:

17/71
719 by Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
together with any documents, certificates and instruments reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in order to perfect the security interests granted pursuant to the Security Documents.
is defined in Attachment 1.
with respect to any person or entity as of any date of determination, that, as of such date, (a) the value of the assets of such person or entity (both at fair value and present fair saleable value) is greater than the total amount of liabilities (including contingent and unliquidated liabilities) of such person or entity, (b) such person or entity is able to pay all liabilities of such person or entity as such liabilities mature and (c) such person or entity does not have unreasonably small capital. In computing the amount of contingent or unliquidated liabilities at any time, such liabilities shall be computed at the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.
the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
Cecon 1 and Cecon 2.
the bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement constituting the Parent Issuer's 5.0 per cent Cecon ASA Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2001/2013 with Warrants, with ISIN NO Oil 0604697, which shall include the Additional Tranche A Bonds.
31 December 2014.
the bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement constituting the Subsidiary Borrowers' 8.0 per cent

UKDOCS/l 178424.8

18/71

Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 0604705, which shall include the Additional Tranche B Bonds.

Tranche B and C Maturity 18 March 2016. Date:

Tranche C Bonds:

collectively, the Tranche Cl Bonds and the Tranche C2 Bonds.

Tranche Cl Bonds:

the bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement constituting the Subsidiary Borrowers' 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche Cl Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 036425.0, which shall include the Additional Cl Bonds.

Tranche C2 Bonds

the bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement constituting the Subsidiary Borrowers' 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C2 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 050672.8, which shall include the Additional C2 Bonds.

US Exchange Act:

the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

US Securities Act:

the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

USD:

US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

Vessels:

Hull 717, Hull 718 and Hull 719 (each a "Vessel"), to the extent the same constitute Bond Security.

Voting Bonds:

in respect of any Issue, all of the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue other than Issuers' Bonds.

Warrantholders:

means the holders of the Warrants from time to time, each a "Warrantholder".

Warrants:

means the rights to subscribe for new shares in the Parent Issuer issued to the Bondholders of Tranche A

U K D O C S /1 178424.8

York:

19/71
Bonds on the terms set forth in Clause 2.8 and Attachment 1.
one or more Bondholders or holders of shares issued by the Parent Guarantor controlled by York Capital Management Global Advisors, LLC (a company existing under the laws of New York with SEC File No. 801-70315) or its affiliates.

1.2 Construction. In this Bond Loan Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses and Attachments are references to the Clauses of and Attachments to this Bond Loan Agreement;
(d) any reference to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;
(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;
(f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors or comparable governing body of the Parent Guarantor or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise;
(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality);
(h) any reference to a "Maturity Date" shall be a reference to the Tranche A Maturity Date and the Tranche B and C Maturity Date, as applicable;
(i) any reference to an "Issuer" of the Bonds shall be a reference to the Parent Issuer, Cecon 1 and Cecon 2, as applicable; and
(j) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.
1.3 Intercreditor Agreement.

UKDOCS/l 178424.8

CK

20/71
(a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) (A) the liens and security interests granted to the Second Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) are expressly subject and subordinate to the liens and security interests granted in favour of the First Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), including liens and security interests granted to the First Security Agent, in its capacity as bond trustee and security agent pursuant to or in connection with the New Bond Loan Agreement and (B) the exercise of any right or remedy by the Security Agent or any Bondholder hereunder is subject to the limitations and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) the obligations of the Obligors hereunder shall be subordinate to the First Indebtedness (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) to the extent, and in the manner, set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern.
By its acquisition or holding of any Bonds, each Bondholder shall be deemed to (i) consent to the subordination of the Bond Security and payment provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) agree that it will be bound by and will take no actions contrary to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, (iii) authorize and instruct the Bond Trustee to enter into the Intercreditor Agreement as security agent and on behalf of such Bondholder and (iv) acknowledge and agree that the Bond Trustee shall also act, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, as the security agent for the bondholders and other secured parties under the New Bond Loan Agreement.
The foregoing provisions are intended as an inducement to the New Bondholders to permit the incurrence or issuance of Financial Indebtedness under this Bond Loan Agreement in favor of the Obligors and the New Bondholders are intended third party beneficiaries of such provisions.
(b) In case of a Permitted Refinancing in respect of New Bonds issued by any of the Subsidiary Issuers or a Permitted 719 Financing in respect of Cecon 3 (a "Refinancing Obligor"), (i) any claim the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders may have, present or future, against the Refinancing Obligor shall be subordinated to the claims, present or future, of the providers of the Permitted Refinancing and the Permitted 719 Financing (as applicable) and their agents and trustees have against the Refinancing Obligor (ii) and the Bond Security over the shares in and the assets of the Refinancing Obligor shall rank in priority behind any security interests over those assets securing the Permitted Refinancing and the Permitted 719 Financing (as applicable) and associated obligations, on terms no more onerous to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders than the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall, as trustee for the Bondholders, as soon as practically possible enter into such intercreditor agreement(s) and take such actions as are required to give effect to and accomplish the foregoing.
UKDOCS/l 178424.8
JLS

21/71
2 The Bonds and the Warrants
2.1 Binding nature of this Bond Loan Agreement. By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terras of this Bond Loan Agreement and each other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
This Bond Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuers. The Issuers shall ensure that this Bond Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Loan Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.
2.2 Tranche A Bonds. The Parent Issuer has issued Tranche A Bonds in the aggregate amount of USD 7,000,000. The Face Value is USD 1.00 each and rank pari passu between themselves and in right of payment with all other senior indebtedness of the Parent Issuer.
The Tranche A Bonds is described as the "5.0 per cent Cecon ASA Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2001/2013 with Warrants".
The ISIN Tranche A Bonds is NO 011 0604697.
The term of the Tranche A Bonds is from and including the original issue date of the Tranche A Bonds to the Tranche A Maturity Date.
2.3 Tranche B Bonds. The Subsidiary Issuers have issued Tranche B Bonds in the aggregate amount of USD 57,939,850. The Face Value is USD 1.00 each and (a) rank pari passu between themselves, (b) junior to the Tranche A Bonds and (c) senior to the Tranche C Bonds.
The Tranche B Bonds is described as the "8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016".
The ISIN Tranche B Bonds is NO 001 0604705.
The term of the Tranche B Bonds is from and including the original issue date of each of the Tranche B Bonds to the Tranche B and C Maturity Date.
2.4 Tranche Cl Bonds. The Subsidiary Issuers have issued Tranche Cl Bonds in the aggregate amount of USD 14,034,384. The Face Value is USD 1.00 each and (a) rank pari passu between themselves and the Tranche C2 Bonds and (b) junior to the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds.
U K D O C S /1 178424.8

22/71
The Tranche B Bonds is described as the "8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche Cl Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 036425.0".
The ISIN Tranche Cl Bonds is NO 001 036425.0.
The term of the Tranche Cl Bonds is from and including the original issue date of each of the Tranche Cl Bonds to the Tranche B and C Maturity Date.
2.5 Tranche C2 Bonds. The Subsidiary Issuers have issued Tranche C2 Bonds in the aggregate amount of USD 9,681,862. The Face Value is USD 1.00 each and (a) rank pari passu between themselves and the Tranche Cl Bonds and (b) junior to the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds.
The Tranche C2 Bonds is described as the "8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C2 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 050672.8".
The ISIN Tranche Cl Bonds is NO 001 050672.8.
The term of the Tranche C2 Bonds is from and including the original issue date of each of the Tranche C2 Bonds to the Tranche B and C Maturity Date.
2.6 Additional Bonds.
(a) The Parent Issuers has resolved to issue Additional Tranche A Bonds to the Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds on each Interest Payment Date in amounts equal to accrued interest on the then outstanding Tranche A Bonds, as further set out in Clause 8.1 and Clause 8.3. The Additional Tranche A Bonds shall constitute Tranche A Bonds and each Additional Tranche A Bond shall have the same rights as the other Tranche A Bonds from the date each Additional Tranche A Bond is registered in the Securities Registry.
(b) The Subsidiary Issuers have resolved to issue:
(i) Additional Tranche B Bonds to the Bondholders holding Tranche B Bonds on each Interest Payment Date up to and including the Interest Payment Date occurring on 18 March 2015 in amounts equal to accrued interest on the then outstanding Tranche B Bonds;
(ii) Additional Tranche Cl Bonds to Bondholders holding Tranche Cl Bonds on each Interest Payment Date up to and including the Interest Payment Date occurring on 18 March 2015 in amounts equal to accrued interest on the then outstanding Tranche Cl Bonds; and
(iii) Additional Tranche C2 Bonds to Bondholders holding Tranche C2 Bonds on each Interest Payment Date up to and including the Interest Payment
UKDOCS/l 178424.8
V'

23/71
Date occurring on 18 March 2015 in amounts equal to accrued interest on the then outstanding Tranche C2 Bonds,
in each case as set out in Clause 8.2 and Clause 8.3
(c) Each Additional Bond shall have the same terms and rights as the original Bonds in its Issue and shall be deemed to constitute a part of such Issue, in each case from the date each Additional Bond is registered in the Securities Registry.
2.7 Release and assumption of obligations and liabilities. When a Subsidiary Issuer is released from its Guarantee pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement, it shall automatically also be released from its obligations and liabilities as issuer of Bonds issued by it. At the same time, the Parent Guarantor will automatically assume those obligations and liabilities as if it was the original issuer and primary obligor thereof. For the sake of clarification, (i) if only one of the Subsidiary Issuers have been so released from its obligations and liabilities as issuer, the Parent Guarantor will assume the obligations and liabilities of the released Subsidiary Issuer as issuer, leaving the liabilities and obligations of the remaining Subsidiary Issuer unchanged, but (ii) if both Subsidiary Issuers have been so released from their obligations as issuers, the Parent Guarantor will remain as sole issuer and primary obligor in respect thereof. The relevant Subsidiary Issuer, the Parent Guarantor and the Bond Trustee shall each take any and all steps necessary to effect the release of liabilities and obligations and corresponding assumption of such liabilities and obligations contemplated by this Clause 2.7.
2.8 Warrants. By subscribing to the Tranche A Bonds under the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement, each bondholder of Tranche A Bonds was allocated 9.2857 (nine point two eight five seven) Warrants for each allotted Tranche A Bond (subject to rounding), the total number of Warrants issued thereunder being 65,000,000.
For each Warrant, the Warrantholder is entitled to exercise the Exercise Right and with that the right to purchase one (1) Share at the Exercise Price (all as defined and as set out in Attachment 1).
The Warrants are separately tradable from the Tranche A Bonds.
The registration number (ISIN) of the Warrants is NO 001 0605090.
The exercise of the Exercise Right and adjustments to the Exercise Price shall be governed by the provisions set out in Attachment 1 (Warrant Conditions).
3 Listing
3.1 The Bonds will initially not be listed on an Exchange. An application may be made for listing on Oslo Børs or Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM") or the OTC-list in Oslo at the discretion of the applicable Issuer.
UKDOCS/l 178424.8
y

24/71
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the applicable Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.
3.3 The Parent Issuer shall procure that the Warrants are listed on Oslo Axess at all times prior to the earlier of (i) the Tranche A Maturity Date, and (ii) the first date on which no Warrants are outstanding.
4 Registration in the Securities Depository
4.1 Each Issue and the Bonds shall prior to issuance be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions of the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Issuers shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Loan Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.
4.3 The Bonds and Warrants have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuers are under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds or the Warrants under the US Securities Act.
5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds
5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatoiy restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Loan Agreement.
6 Representations and Warranties
6.1 The Obligors hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Instrument Holders that:
(a) each of the Obligors is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) each of the Obligors has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
UKDOCS/l 178424 !

25/71
(c) the Finance Documents and the Bonds constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto (other than the Bond Trustee), enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Obligors and/or for any Bond Security to constitute a valid and enforceable, perfected security interest in the property purported to be subject to such a security interest; except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law);
(d) the entry into and performance by each Obligor of the Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby and the issuance of the Bonds do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on that Obligor;
(e) immediately after the Effective Date, no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Obligors or any of their assets, or which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Obligors to perform their obligations under the Finance Documents;
(f) all documents and information which have been provided in connection with the amendment and restatement of the Bonds occurring on the Effective Date represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Obligors' ability to perform their duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of all persons (including Governmental Authorities) required for the Obligors in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of Governmental Authorities required for the Obligors to carry on their businesses as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect;
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding, including with respect to environmental matters, is pending or, to the best of the Obligors' knowledge,
U K D O C S /1 178424.8

26/71
threatened against any Obligor which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of that Obligor or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) the Obligors are not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which they may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuers' payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other secured, unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally;
(l) immediately after the Effective Date and the Parent Issuer's purchase of the EDC Loan, none of the Issuers has any Financial Indebtedness except for the New Bonds, the Bonds and Financial Indebtedness owed to the Obligors;
(m) each of the Obligors has conducted and is conducting its business in compliance with all applicable laws (including all applicable environmental laws and regulations) of each jurisdiction in which its business is carried on, other than acts of non-compliance that would not materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of that Obligor or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(n) the most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts of the Obligors indicate fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Obligors and their Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the periods therein specified, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP;
(o) there are no other material liabilities of the Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise), except as disclosed in the Financial Statements, and there has been no material change (whether actual, anticipated, contemplated or threatened, financial or otherwise) since the date of the most recent Financial Statements which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of that Obligor or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(p) none of the Obligors has distributed or referred to and will not distribute or refer to any written communications (as defined in Rule 405 of the US Securities Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Bonds other than the Disclosure Documents;
(q) none of the Obligors is and none of the Obligors owns or controls an open-end investment company, closed-end investment company, unit investment trust or
U K D O C S /1178424.8
Ql

27/71
face-amount certificate company that is or is required to be registered under Section 8 of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;
(r) none of the Obligors, their Subsidiaries or any person acting on their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) with respect to the Bonds or has taken or will take any action (including sale of securities into the United States) that would cause the exemption afforded by Rule 144A or Regulation S to be unavailable for offers and sales of the Bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement;
(s) none of the Obligors or their Subsidiaries or any person acting on their behalf has offered or will offer to sell, or has solicited or will solicit offers to buy, the Bonds in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons, by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Regulation D) or in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of the US Securities Act;
(t) none of the Obligors nor, to the knowledge of the Obligors, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of any Obligors is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of any applicable anticorruption laws, including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any "foreign official" (as such term may be defined in the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of applicable anticorruption laws; and the Obligors and, to the knowledge of the Obligors, their affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with all applicable anticorruption laws and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith;
(u) the operations of the Obligors are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable money laundering statutes and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the "Money Laundering Laws") and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authorities or any arbitrator involving any Obligor with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Obligors, threatened;
(v) none of the Obligors nor, to the knowledge of the Obligors, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of any Obligor is currently included on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (the "SDN List") dated the date hereof and made available to the public on the internet site maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department ("OFAC"); and the Obligors will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Bonds, or
UKDOCS/l 178424,8
V'

28/71
lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, any joint venture partner or other person, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently included on the SDN List maintained by OFAC;
(w) each Obligor and its Subsidiaries has filed, has caused to be filed or has been included in all tax returns that are required to be filed and has paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, together with applicable interest and penalties, and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than any the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the relevant Obligor or its Subsidiary); no tax lien has been filed, and, to the knowledge of the Obligors, no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such tax, fee or other charge; no Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries is party to any tax sharing agreement;
(x) the Obligors have reviewed the Construction Budget Schedule, believe it to be reasonable and attainable, and know of no reason why it cannot reasonably be expected to be achieved;
(y) the Obligors have reviewed the valuations of each of the Vessels, believe them to be an accurate and fair estimate of the relevant values, subject to the assumptions contained therein (which assumptions the Obligors believe to be reasonable);
(z) on the Effective Date and assuming that the proceeds of the New Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds will be made available to the relevant Obligor in accordance with the terms of the New Bond Loan Agreement immediately after the occurrence of the Effective Date, the Obligors taken as a whole and individually are Solvent;
(aa) other than as set forth in the Financial Statements, including the notes thereto, there are no transactions of any kind between the Obligors and any of their respective affiliates, and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to such Obligor than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time; and
(bb) Cecon 2 is the rightful and legal owner of Hull 717, Cecon 1 is the rightful and legal owner of Hull 718 and Cecon 3 is the rightful and legal owner of Hull 719.
6.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 6.1 are made on the Effective Date.
6.3 In the event of a misrepresentation, the Obligors shall jointly and severally indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered by it and by the Bondholders after the Effective Date and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its and their reliance on the representations and warranties provided by the Obligors herein.
UKDOCS/l 178424 8

29/71
7 Status of the Bonds and Bond Security
7.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuers. The Bonds shall rank ahead of all subordinated capital of the relevant Issuer, and shall rankpari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuers other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. Each Guarantee shall rank ahead of all subordinated capital of the relevant Guarantor and shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations of the relevant Guarantor other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law.
7.2 The Bonds, interest (if any), redemption premium (if any) and expenses, shall be secured by the Bond Security and shall be guaranteed by the Guarantors pursuant to the Guarantees.
7.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, but always subject to Clause 7.4, the Bond Security shall secure the Bonds in the following order:
(a) first, the Tranche A Bonds;
(b) second, the Tranche B Bonds; and
(c) third, the Tranche C Bonds.
7.4 After the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, any amounts or property (of any kind or character, whether in cash, securities or other property) from time to time received or recovered (including any such recovery by set-off, account combination or payment netting) by or on behalf of the Bond Trustee with respect to any of the amounts owing under the Finance Documents and/or in connection with the enforcement of the Finance Documents and/or the Bond Security shall be applied:
(a) first, to the repayment in full of all amounts owing in respect of the Tranche A Bonds (including unpaid interest, redemption premium (if any) and fees);
(b) second, to the repayment in full of all amounts owing in respect of the Tranche B Bonds (including unpaid interest, redemption premium (if any) and fees);
(c) third, to the repayment in full of all amounts owing in respect of the Tranche C Bonds (including unpaid interest, redemption premium (if any) and fees); and
(d) fourth, the balance, if any, to the Issuers.
8 Interest
8.1 Tranche A. The Parent Issuer shall pay interest on the Tranche A Bonds from and including the Effective Date at a fixed rate of 8.75 per cent, per annum. Accrued interest shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date and shall be settled through the issuance of additional Tranche A Bonds to the holders of Tranche A Bonds (the "Additional Tranche A Bonds"). The number of Additional Tranche A Bonds
UKDOCS/l 178424.8

30/71
allocated to a Bondholder holding Tranche A Bonds shall be made by dividing (x) the total accrued interest amount for the Tranche A Bonds for the three months ending on the relevant Interest Date with (y) the total number of Tranche A Bonds of that Bondholder, provided that the total number of Additional Tranche A Bonds allocated to a Bondholder shall be rounded to the nearest USD 1.00.
8.2 Tranche B and Tranche C.
(a) The Subsidiary Issuers shall pay interest on the Tranche B Bonds and the Tranche C Bonds respectively from and including the Effective Date at the following rate:
(i) a fixed rate of 15.00 per cent, per annum, if (A) the New Tranche C Bonds have been issued and, (B) on the date on which the New Tranche C Bonds are issued, there is no binding agreement in place in favour of Cecon 2 for (x) a sale of Hull 717 or Hull 718 or (y) the employment of Hull 717 or Hull 718, in each case subject only to the satisfaction of conditions substantially in line with market practice for a sale or employment of a similar vessel in a similar location and condition (collectively, a "Binding Agreement");
(ii) a fixed rate of 10.00 per cent, per annum if either (x) no New Tranche C Bonds have been issued or (y) if (i) the New Tranche C Bonds have been issued and, on the date on which the New Tranche C Bonds are issued, there is a Binding Agreement in place or (ii) if, following the issue of the New Tranche C Bonds, there is subsequently put in place a Binding Agreement.
If the fixed interest rate referred to above changes between two Interest Payment Dates, the relevant fixed rate will be applied for the relevant number of days within that interest period.
(b) Accrued interest shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date, as follows:
Up to and including the Interest Payment Date on or immediately after (as applicable) the later to occur of (i) 18 March 2015 and (ii) the Delivery Date of Hull 717 and Hull 718 (the "Last PIK Interest Date"):
(i) accrued interest on the Tranche B Bonds shall be settled through the issuance of additional Tranche B Bonds to the holders of Tranche B Bonds (the "Additional Tranche B Bonds");
(ii) accrued interest on the Tranche Cl Bonds shall be settled through the issuance of additional Tranche Cl Bonds to the holders of Tranche B Bonds (the "Additional Tranche Cl Bonds"); and
U K D O C S /1 178424.8

31/71
(iii) accrued interest on the Tranche C2 Bonds shall be settled through the issuance of additional Tranche C2 Bonds to the holders of Tranche C2 Bonds (the "Additional Tranche C2 Bonds"),
in each case so that the number of Additional Bonds allocated to a Bondholder with respect to an Issue shall be made by dividing (x) the total accrued interest amount for the relevant Issue (e.g. Tranche B Bonds in respect of a calculating Additional Tranche B Bonds to a Bondholder holding Tranche B Bonds) for the three months ending on the relevant Interest Date with (y) the total number of Bonds held by the relevant Bondholder in each relevant Issue (e.g. Tranche B Bonds in respect of a calculating Additional Tranche B Bonds to a Bondholder holding Tranche B Bonds), provided that the total number of Additional Bonds in each relevant Issue allocated to a Bondholder shall be rounded to the nearest USD 1.00.
In respect of each Interest Payment Date to occur after the Last PIK Interest Date, payment of interest on the Tranche B Bonds and the Tranche C Bonds shall be made in cash.
8.3 Accrued interest under the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement: Accrued and unpaid interest under the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement on the Bonds up to the Effective Date shall become due and payable on or around the Effective Date and shall be settled by each respective Issuer issuing Additional Bonds to the relevant Bondholders.
8.4 Interest Calculations. Interest with respect to the Bonds shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless:
(a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or
(b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
9 Maturity of the Bonds, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option
9.1 Tranche A Maturity Date and Call Option.
(a) The Tranche A Bonds will mature in whole on the Tranche A Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount of the Tranche A Bonds) plus any accrued interest.
(b) The Parent Issuer may redeem all or parts of the Tranche A Bonds (the "Tranche A Call Option") on the Interest Payment Date in March 2013 at 103% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
U K D O C S /1178424.8

32/71
9.2 Tranche B Maturity Date and Call Option.
(a) The Tranche B Bonds will mature in whole on the Tranche B and C Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount of the Tranche B Bonds) plus accrued interest.
(b) If the Tranche A Loan has been repaid in full, the Subsidiary Issuer may redeem all or parts of the Tranche B Bonds as follows (the "Tranche B Call Option"):
(i) on the Interest Payment Date in March 2013 at 107% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount;
(ii) on the Interest Payment Date in March 2014 at 105% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount; and
(iii) on the Interest Payment Date in March 2015 at 103% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
9.3 Tranche C Maturity Date and Call Option.
(a) The Tranche C Bonds will mature in whole on the Tranche B and C Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount of the Tranche C Bonds) plus accrued interest.
(b) If each of the Tranche A Loan and the Tranche B Loan have been repaid in full, the Subsidiary Issuer may redeem all or parts of the Tranche C Bonds as follows (the "Tranche C Call Option" and together with each of the Tranche A Call Option and Tranche B Call Option, a "Call Option"):
(i) on the Interest Payment Date in March 2013 at 107% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount;
(ii) on the Interest Payment Date in March 2014 at 105% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount; and
(iii) on the Interest Payment Date in March 2015 at 103% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
9.4 Call Option Exercise.
(a) Should an Issuer exercise any Call Option, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository) no later than 30 Banking Days before the date of redemption.
(b) Partial redemption of any Issue of the Bonds must be carried out pro rata among the Bondholders in that Issue (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).
UKDOCS/l 178424.8

33/71
(c) Bonds of any Issue redeemed by an Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds in respect of that Issue.
9.5 Cash Sweep.
(a) On each Interest Payment Date commencing on and from (and including) 18 March 2013, provided that the New Bonds and all amounts outstanding in relation thereto have been repaid and all commitments from York to purchase New Bonds for the purpose of financing the completion of the Vessels have expired, any Excess Cash in excess of USD 200,000 of the Group shall be applied by the Parent Issuer or the Subsidiary Issuers (as applicable) in redemption of the Bonds (in part or in whole) at a price equal to 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount), provided that such Bonds and accrued interest thereon shall be redeemed in the priority set out in Clause 7.4, and at the relevant Interest Payment Date the Parent Issuer or the Subsidiary Issuers (as applicable) shall provide the Bond Trustee with a detailed calculation of the Cash within the Group and an analysis of its availability as Excess Cash for the purpose of this Clause 9.5.
(b) In this Clause 9.5:
"Cash" shall mean at any time for any member of the Group, the aggregate of (i) cash at bank, in hand or on deposit denominated in US dollars or any currency freely convertible into US dollars to which such Group member and its subsidiaries are alone beneficially entitled at that time and which is freely and immediately available to be applied in redemption of the Bonds plus (ii) Cash Equivalents but shall not include 717 Surplus Proceeds or 718 Surplus Proceeds.
"Cash Equivalents" means
(i) security denominated in US dollars or any currency freely convertible into US Dollars, excluding any Bonds held by the Parent Issuer or the Subsidiary Issuers;
(ii) commercial paper denominated in US dollars or any currency freely convertible into US dollars;
(iii) certificates of deposit, time deposits, Eurocurrency time deposits, overnight bank deposits, or bankers' acceptances denominated in US dollars or any currency freely convertible into US dollars;
(iv) repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above; and
(v) investments in money market or mutual funds which invest substantially all their assets in securities of the type described in paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above.
UKDOCS/l 178424.8

34/71
"Excess Cash" shall mean the amount (as calculated (i) in respect of each Interest Payment Date starting 18 March 2013 and (ii) after taking into account the payment of all cash interest, principal and other amounts that shall be paid under the Bond Loan Agreement on such Interest Payment Date) by which the aggregate amount of Cash that is freely and immediately available and credited to accounts in the name of (or held in accounts on behalf of) each member of the Group on the date that is five Banking Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date exceeds NOK 20,000,000, as calculated and reasonably determined by the Parent Issuer acting in good faith.
9.6 Surplus proceeds.
(a) If there are surplus proceeds of sale from the sale of Hull 717 or the shares in the entity which owns Hull 717, once the New Tranche A Bonds and New Tranche B Bonds and any related New Additional Bonds have been repaid in full, (the "717 Surplus Proceeds"), the 717 Surplus Proceeds shall be applied as follows:
(i) up to USD 5,000,000 may be used for general corporate purposes of the Parent Guarantor; and
(ii) the balance may be used to fund completion of Hull 718 and Hull 719 and for no other purpose.
(b) If there are surplus proceeds of sale from the sale of Hull 718 or the shares in the entity which owns Hull 718, once the New Tranche C Bonds and any related New Additional Bonds have been repaid in full (the "718 Surplus Proceeds"), the 718 Surplus Proceeds shall be applied as follows:
(i) up to USD 5,000,000 may be used for general corporate purposes of the Parent Guarantor; and
(ii) the balance may be used to fund completion of Hull 719, and for no other purpose.
(c) If there are surplus proceeds of sale from the sale of Hull 719 or the shares in the entity which owns Hull 719, once the New Tranche D bonds and any related New Additional Bonds, or any Permitted 719 Refinancing indebtedness (as applicable) has been repaid in full (the "719 Surplus Proceeds"), the 719 Surplus Proceeds shall be paid into a segregated, blocked bank account, secured in favour of the Bond Trustee, on terms that the 719 Surplus Proceeds may only be applied in repayment or prepayment of the Bonds in accordance with the priority set out in Clause 7.4 and the consent of the Bond Trustee will be required for any withdrawals from the account.
9.7 Change of Control Event.
UKDOCS/l 178424.8
CL-

35/71
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right to require the relevant Issuer to redeem its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds then outstanding on a pro rata basis and pay the interest pertaining to such Bonds, but without any other premium or penalty.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification as set out in Clause 12.1(j) (the "Exercise Long Stop Date").
(c) The Put Option may be exercised by a Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of that Bondholder's exercise of its Put Option. The applicable Issuer shall redeem that Bondholder's Bonds on the date that is 15 Banking Days after the Exercise Long Stop Date. The applicable Issuer shall provide written notice to the Bond Trustee at least 7 Banking Days before the proposed redemption date, confirming that it has sufficient funds to redeem all Bonds in respect of which a Put Option has been exercised.
(d) Bonds redeemed by an Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds in respect of that Issue.
10 Payments
10.1 Covenant to pay.
(a) The Obligors will on each Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document.
(b) The covenant contained in Clause 10.1(a) shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.
10.2 Payment mechanics.
(a) If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 10.1(a), the Issuers shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.
(b) Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
UKDOCS/l 178424.8

36/71
(c) In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 10.2(a) or 10.2(b) above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.
(d) Subject to Clause 10.3, payment by the Issuers in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 10.1(a).
10.3 Currency.
(a) If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder shall provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details.
(b) Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, a Bondholder has not provided account details as set out in Clause 10.2(a) at least five Banking Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.
(c) Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
10.4 Set-off and counterclaims.
(a) No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document.
10.5 Default Interest.
(a) In the event that any payment of interest or principal in respect of the Bonds is not made on the applicable Payment Date, the Outstanding Bonds shall bear additional interest from such Payment Date at an interest rate of 5.00% per annum.
(b) The Outstanding Bonds shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to any of Clauses 14.2 through 14.4.
10.6 Partial Payments
UKDOCS/l 178424.8

37/71
(a) If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:
(i) firstly, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs, and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents; and
(ii) secondly, in or towards payment of any principal or interest due but unpaid under this Bond Loan Agreement, pro rata, and without any preference or priority of any kind.
11 Issuers' Acquisition of Issuers' Bonds and Warrants
11.1 The Issuers have the right to acquire and own Issuers' Bonds.
11.2 Issuers' Bonds may, at the Issuers' discretion, be retained by the relevant Issuer, sold or used for partial redemption of the Outstanding Bonds.
11.3 The Issuers may not acquire or own, and shall procure that no other member of the Group acquires or owns, any of the Warrants.
12 Covenants
12.1 From the Effective Date until the repayment in full of all Bonds and all other amounts payable by the Issuers pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement, the Rever Obligors and the Parent Issuer shall:
(a) immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Default or Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which such Obligor believes is reasonably likely to lead to a Default or Event of Default;
(b) provide to the Bond Trustee the weekly Construction Progress Report;
(c) forward to the Bond Trustee Financial Statements and Interim Accounts as soon as they are available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 45 days after the end of the relevant interim report period;
(d) at the request of the Bond Trustee send a report outlining the balance (on an Issue-by-Issue basis) of Issuers' Bonds;
(e) forward to the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of any Obligor, including but not limited to, mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital;
(f) at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable) and of the Warrants on Oslo Axess and to otherwise enable the Bond
UKDOCS/l 178424.8
(X

38/71
Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents and applicable laws and regulations;
(g) within a reasonable time limit provide such information about the Obligor's financial condition as the Bond Trustee reasonably requests;
(h) at the same time as any annual or interim quarterly reports are sent to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 12.1(c) confirm to the Bond Trustee the Obligors' compliance with this Clause 12, such confirmation to be provided in a compliance certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 3 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Guarantor (on behalf of the Obligors and without personal liability), and, in the event of any non-compliance describing the non-compliance, the reasons therefor and the steps the Obligors have taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance;
(i) immediately upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Bond Trustee of any event that would reasonably be expected to hinder or prevent the construction of Vessels;
(j) immediately upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) if a Change of Control Event takes place;
(k) upon the formation of any new Subsidiary of the Parent Issuer, promptly procure:
(i) that such Subsidiary grants an unconditional, irrevocable and joint and several on-demand Guarantee in favour of the Bond Trustee securing all payment obligations of the Issuers under the Finance Documents;
(ii) that such Subsidiary becomes a party to all relevant Security Documents and makes any and all necessary filings and registrations and takes all other actions necessary to grant in favour of the Bond Trustee a firstpriority security interest in substantially all assets of such Subsidiary;
(iii) that the applicable Obligor grants a first priority pledge over the shares in such Subsidiary; and
(iv) the delivery of legal opinions from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia due execution and enforceability of such Guarantee and due execution, perfection and enforceability of the grant of all applicable security interests,
in each case, in form and substance acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
(l) each Issuer agrees, for the benefit of any Bondholder or potential purchaser thereof, that for so long as any of the Bonds are outstanding and are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Section (a)(3) of Rule 144 under the US Securities Act, it will provide to any Bondholder and any prospective purchaser
U K D O C S /1 178424.8

39/71
thereof designated by such holder for so long as such requirement is necessary in order to permit holders of Bonds to effect resales under Rule 144A, upon the request of such holder or purchaser, at or prior to the time of purchase, the information required to be provided to such holder or prospective purchaser by Section (d)(4) of Rule 144A unless it is exempt from the reporting requirements of the US Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the US Exchange Act or files reports and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 13 or 15(d) of the US Exchange Act.
(m) if any Issuer and/or any Bonds are rated, or if any such rating changes, without being requested to do so, so inform the Bond Trustee;
(n) immediately upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Bond Trustee of any default by any party under one or more of the Completion Contracts;
(o) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of any Bonds in the Securities Depositoiy; and
(p) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Obligors' business, assets and financial condition, and take any and all such further actions, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
12.2 From the Effective Date until the repayment in full of all of the relevant Bonds and all other amounts payable by the Issuers pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement, unless the Bond Trustee (with the approval of the Bondholders as required by Clause 15) has agreed otherwise in writing, the Rever Obligors and the Parent Issuer shall:
(a) not, and ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, cease to carry on its business;
(b) not, and ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall:
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations;
(ii) change the nature of its business; or
(iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business;
in a manner which could have a material adverse effect on the remaining (in the case of mergers) Obligors' (as a whole) ability to comply with their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents;
(c) not, and shall ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, incur or permit to be outstanding any Financial Indebtedness, except for:
(i) the obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents and the Finance Documents (as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement);
UKDOCS/l 178424.8
cv

40/71
(ii) the Permitted 719 Financing and any Permitted Refinancing;
(iii) to the extent the same constitutes Financial Indebtedness, debt incurred in the ordinary course of business not for the purpose of borrowing (for example, supplier credit and tax postponement);
(iv) any intercompany loans between and among Obligors which are subordinated and pledged (in priority behind the New Bond Security and the Bond Security) in favour of the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders; provided that the only intercompany loans owing from a Rever Obligor to the Parent Issuer shall be (A) those as are in effect on the Effective Date and (B) those necessary to fulfill Distributions permitted pursuant to Clause 12.2(d) and
(v) debt that is subordinated to the Bonds; provided that the amount and terms (including the terms of such subordination) of such subordinated debt shall be subject to the approval of the Bondholders at one or more Bondholders' Meetings; provided further that customary intercreditor arrangements setting forth the terms of such subordination are entered into;
(d) not declare or make any dividend payment, reduction of share capital, repurchase of shares (including total return swaps or any transaction with a similar effect) or other distributions or loans to its shareholders (each, a "Distribution"), except for:
(i) Distributions from Subsidiary Issuers and Cecon 3 to the Parent Guarantor;
(ii) intercompany loans permitted pursuant to Clause 12.2(c);
(iii) following the Delivery Date of Hull 717 and Hull 718, Distributions to the Parent Issuer necessary for prepayments under this Bond Loan Agreement; and
(iv) Distributions which are permitted under the New Bond Loan Agreement, as in effect immediately after the Effective Date;
(e) ensure that all cash proceeds of the Tranche B Bonds, Tranche C Bonds and Tranche D Bonds and any Additional Bonds (in each case as defined and issued under the New Bond Loan Agreement) are, immediately upon receipt by any Obligor, paid into in the appropriate Cash Management Account;
(f) supervise the construction of the Vessels at Davie Yard in a prudent and customary manner and ensure compliance with the Construction Budget Schedule;
UKDOCS/l 178424.8
<2 ^

41/71
(g) provided that a Permitted Refinancing of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds has not occurred, if a binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date has not been received by the date that is 20 Banking Days prior to the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date, immediately thereafter commence an auction process to be run by the Parent Guarantor (and monitored by the New Bondholders in respect of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds) which shall last until the later of (x) 20 Banking Days after commencement and (y) the actual Hull 717 Delivery Date (the "20 Day Auction End Date"); provided that (A) if no binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 20 Banking Days after the 20 Day Auction End Date has been received by 5 pm Oslo time on the 20 Day Auction End Date, the New Bondholders in respect of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (B) if at least one binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 20 Banking Days after the 20 Day Auction End Date has been received by the 20 Day Auction End Date, the Obligors shall have a further 20 Banking Days to complete the sale of Hull 717, after which time, if no sale has been completed, the New Bondholders in respect of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (C) the holders of the Bonds shall be entitled to receive information regarding the sales process and any auction and to submit offers to purchase Hull 717 on the same basis and offer conditions as other potential buyers and (D) prior to the completion of any such auction or sales process, the First Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) shall not bring any enforcement action in respect of Hull 717 or the shares in Cecon 2 unless an Event of Default (under and as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement) arises which is reasonably expected to prevent the sale of Hull 717 prior to the expiration of the relevant 20 Banking Day period.
(h) provided that a Permitted Refinancing of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds has not occurred, if a binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date has been received by the date that is 20 Banking Days prior to the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date but such sale has not been completed by the Hull 717 Delivery Date, immediately thereafter commence an auction process to be run by the Parent Guarantor (and monitored by the New Bondholders in respect of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds) which shall last 15 Banking Days after commencement (the "15 Day Auction End Date"); provided that (A) if no binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 15 Banking Days after the 15 Day Auction End Date has been received by the 15
(JKDOCS/l 178424.8
CL

42/71
Day Auction End Date, the New Bondholders in respect of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (B) if at least one binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 15 Banking Days after the 15 Day Auction End Date has been received by the 15 Day Auction End Date, the Obligors shall have a further 15 Banking Days to complete the sale of Hull 717, after which time, if no sale has been completed, the New Bondholders in respect of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (C) the holders of the Bonds shall be entitled to receive information regarding the sales process and any auction and to submit offers to purchase Hull 717 on the same basis and offer conditions as other potential buyers and (D) prior to the completion of any such auction or sales process, the First Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) shall not bring any enforcement action in respect of Hull 717 or the shares in Cecon 2 unless an Event of Default (under and as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement) arises which is reasonably expected to prevent the sale of Hull 717 prior to the expiration of the relevant 15 Banking Day period.
(i) procure that any material decisions to be made in respect of any Rever Obligor are first presented to the board of directors of the Parent Issuer for consideration;
(j) not make, and ensure that no Subsidiary Issuer or Cecon 3 makes, any arrangements concerning the Vessels mortgaged under the Bond Security and their employment which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Obligors ability to comply with their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement;
(k) not agree (and shall procure that no Subsidiary Issuer or Cecon 3 agrees) to any changes to any Completion Contract in respect of any Vessel mortgaged under the Bond Security which (i) would be likely to have a material adverse effect on the Obligors' ability to comply with their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement (which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, increases in construction costs in a manner inconsistent with the Construction Budget Schedule) or (ii) is materially adverse to the Bondholders' interests;
(l) ensure that no Rever Obligor makes any non-ordinary course investments other than investments in another Rever Obligor;
(m) prior to the delivery, sale or assignment of a Vessel, or prior to the applicable Completion Contract being cancelled, terminated or disposed of, ensure that no Subsidiary Issuer or Cecon 3 engage in any activity other than investments and activity solely related to the relevant Vessel;
(n) ensure that all material property owned by a Rever Obligor and acquired in connection with a Completion Contract related to a Vessel shall be acquired by the relevant Subsidiary Issuer or Cecon 3 and be covered by the Bond Security;
H K D O C S /1 178424.8
G_

43/71
(o) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all material property of the Rever Obligors used in connection with the Completion Contracts, situated on the premises of the Davie Yard, is at all times kept segregated and separate from (to the extent practical possible) other property in the Davie Yard and is clearly marked as the property of the relevant Subsidiary Issuer or Cecon 3 as provided for in the Completion Contracts;
(p) not take any action which may jeopardize the legality, validity or enforceability of the Bond Security;
(q) not permit any Security to exist in respect of any of the assets of the Rever Obligors, except in each case for (i) the New Bonds Security (subject to the Intercreditor Agreement), (ii) the Bond Security, (iii) any Security granted in respect of the assets of the relevant Rever Obligor pursuant to the Permitted 719 Financing and any Permitted Refinancing and (iv) any Security arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business; provided that it does not put the Bond Security at risk of not being, or continuing to be, a Security of the nature and of the rank provided for in the Finance Documents. In the event that such Security exists in respect of any of the assets of the Rever Obligors located in Canada, including in the event of a possessory lien or right of retention claimed by any of the Davie Entities, or in the event of any lien claimed by persons participating in, or supplying goods or services in connection with, the construction of the Vessels, the Rever Obligors shall immediately pay the entire amount of the claim secured by such Security, or contest immediately in good faith the validity or the amount of such claim, and furnish to the Bond Trustee security of a nature and on terms satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, acting reasonably.
(r) not permit any Rever Obligor to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such Rever Obligor's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to such Rever Obligor than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time;
(s) not, and shall ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, enter into or suffer to exist, any agreement that limits the ability of (x) any Rever Obligor to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Security on its property or assets or (y) any Rever Obligor to declare or pay dividends or other distributions in respect of its capital stock, except for:
(i) any Finance Document or the Finance Documents (as defined in the Existing Bond Loan Agreement) as in effect on the date hereof;
(ii) customary provisions in contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business; or
UKDOCS/l 178424.8
cv

44/71
(iii) restrictions imposed by applicable law; and
(t) not, and shall ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, amend any of its constitutional documents or other material agreements in any manner that is materially adverse to the Bondholders' interests.
12.3 From the Effective Date until the repayment in full of all of the relevant Bonds and all other amounts payable by the Issuers pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement, unless the Bond Trustee (with the approval of the Bondholders as required by Clause 16) has agreed otherwise in writing, the Obligors shall take all steps reasonably required to:
(a) ensure that the Rever Obligors, on the one hand and (ii) the Non-Rever Group, on the other hand, remain distinct;
(b) make it apparent to third persons that the Rever Obligors have assets and liabilities distinct from the Non-Rever Group;
(c) ensure that the books and records of the Rever Obligors are maintained separately from those of the Non-Rever Group;
(d) ensure that the Rever Obligors are not named, directly or indirectly, as a direct or contingent beneficiary or loss payee on any insurance policy with respect to any loss relating to the property of the Non-Rever Group;
(e) ensure that the Rever Obligors maintain an arm's-length relationship with the Non-Rever Group;
(f) ensure that the funds or other assets of the Rever Obligors will not be commingled with those of the Non-Rever Group and will be maintained in a manner that facilitates their identification and segregation from those of the Non-Rever Group; and
(g) ensure that any employee, consultant or agent of the Rever Obligors will be compensated from the Non-Rever Group's funds for services provided to the Non-Rever Group.
12.4 The Parent Issuer shall ensure that:
(a) each Eligible Bondholder receives an offer to participate in the Share Issue within 21 days after the Effective Date; and
(b) the subscription period for the Share Issue shall be open for 21 days, calculated from the Offer Date on such further terms as described in the offer to participate in the Share Issue; and
(c) Shares are issued to each Eligible Bondholder according to their subscription (subject to applicable subscription and allocation principles) as soon as practically
UKDOCS/l 178424.8

45/71
possible, and in any event within 20 Banking Days after the end of the subscription period.
For the purpose of this Clause 12.4 and Clauses 12.5 to 12.11:
(a) "Eligible Bondholders" means the Bondholders as on the Offer Date.
(b) "Offer Date" the date the offer to participate in the Share Issue is submitted to the Securities Registry for circulation to the Eligible Bondholders.
(c) "Share Issue" means the issue of ordinary shares in the Parent Issuer at a subscription price of par value (NOK 0.05), to be offered for subscription to the Eligible Bondholders as follows:
(i) to Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds and allocated amongst them on a pro rata basis based on their relative holding of Tranche A Bonds, an aggregate amount of 12,000,000 shares ("Tranche A Shares");
(ii) to Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche B Bonds and allocated amongst them on a pro rata basis based on their relative holding of Tranche B Bonds, an aggregate amount of 4,886,089 shares ("Tranche B Shares"); and
(iii) to the Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche Cl Bonds and Tranche C2 Bonds on a pro rata basis based on their relative holding of the combined amount of Tranche Cl Bonds and Tranche C2 Bonds, an aggregate amount of 1,000,000 shares ("Tranche C Shares").
12.5 To the extent the number of shares allocated to one Tranche of Eligible Bondholders in accordance with Clause 12.4. (c) (i)-(iii) above is not fully subscribed for by the Eligible Bondholders within that Tranche, other Eligible Bondholders within the Tranche who have oversubscribed will be allocated additional new shares of that Tranche on a pro rata basis based on the number of subscription rights such Eligible Bondholders have exercised, up to a maximum amount as would lead to the relevant Tranche being fully subscribed.
12.6 To the extent that Tranche A Shares have not been fully subscribed for by Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds pursuant to Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, any remaining Tranche A Shares shall be allocated among Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche B Bonds, who have subscribed for more Tranche B Shares than they have been allocated pursuant to the provisions of Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, on a pro rata basis based on the number of subscription rights such Eligible Bondholders have exercised.
12.7 To the extent that Tranche A Shares have not been fully subscribed for by Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds and/or Tranche B Bonds, respectively, pursuant to Clauses 12.4, 12.5 and 12.6 above (as and to the extent applicable), any remaining
U K D O C S /1178424.8

46/71
Tranche A Shares shall be allocated among Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche C Bonds who have subscribed for more Tranche C Shares than they have been allocated pursuant to the provisions of Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, on a pro rata basis based on the number of subscription rights such Eligible Bondholders have exercised.
12.8 To the extent that Tranche B Shares have not been fully subscribed for by Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche B Bonds, respectively, pursuant to Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, any remaining Tranche B Shares shall be allocated among Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds who have subscribed for more Tranche A Shares than they have been allocated pursuant to the provisions of Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, on a pro rata basis based on the number of subscription rights such Eligible Bondholders have exercised.
12.9 To the extent that Tranche B Shares have not been fully subscribed for by Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds and/or Tranche B Bonds, respectively, pursuant to Clauses 12.4, 12.5 and 12.8 above (as and to the extent applicable), any remaining Tranche B Shares shall be allocated among Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche C Bonds who have subscribed for more Tranche C Shares than they have been allocated pursuant to the provisions of Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, on a pro rata basis based on the number of subscription rights such Eligible Bondholders have exercised.
12.10 To the extent that Tranche C Shares have not been fully subscribed for by Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche C Bonds, respectively, pursuant to Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, any remaining Tranche C Shares shall be allocated among Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds who have subscribed for more Tranche A Shares than they have been allocated pursuant to the provisions of Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, on a pro rata basis based on the number of subscription rights such Eligible Bondholders have exercised.
12.11 To the extent that Tranche C Shares have not been fully subscribed for by Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds and/or Tranche C Bonds, respectively, pursuant to Clauses 12.4, 12.5 and 12.10 above (as and to the extent applicable), any remaining Tranche C Shares shall be allocated among Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche B Bonds who have subscribed for more Tranche B Shares than they have been allocated pursuant to the provisions of Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, on a pro From the Effective Date until the repayment in lull of all Tranche A Bonds and any interest or other amount payable in respect thereof, the Tranche A Bondholders shall have the right to appoint one director to the board of directors of the Parent Guarantor. The Parent Guarantor and Parent Issuer shall ensure that:
(a) the maximum number of directors on its board of directors shall at all times be 4;
(b) two of the directors shall be appointed by the Parent Issuer (of which, one shall be the Chairman), one director shall be appointed by York and one director shall be appointed by the Tranche A Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting;
UKDOCS/1178424.8

47/71
(c) the board of the Parent Guarantor shall make decisions by a majority vote, with each director having one vote. No director shall have any veto rights or special voting powers other than the Chairman who shall have a casting vote; and
(d) the reasonable fees of the director appointed by the Tranche A Bondholders shall be paid by the Parent Guarantor.
12.12 From the Effective Date, the Parent Guarantor will provide such updates to the Bond Trustee, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request from time to time, regarding (i) any sales process relating to Hull 717, Hull 718 or Hull 719, (ii) the status of the construction of Hull 717, Hull 718 or Hull 719 and (iii) any refinancing process relating to a refinancing of the New Bonds.
13 Fees and Expenses
13.1 The Obligors shall pay an annual fee to the Bond Trustee, the amount of which is set out in separate agreements between each of the Issuers and the Bond Trustee.
13.2 The Obligors shall cover all expenses of the Bond Trustee (and any separate Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, including expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange, listing of the Warrants on Oslo Axess (as applicable) and registration and administration of the Instruments in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Obligors and the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Document, to set off and cover any such costs and expenses.
13.3 The Obligors shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement (and any security for this Bond Loan Agreement). Any public fees or taxes on sales of the Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the relevant Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
13.4 The Obligors are responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders. If the Obligors are required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Obligors shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Obligors shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
UKDOCS/l 178424.8

48/71
13.5 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Loan Agreement, the Obligors shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par (100% of the principal face amount) plus all accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Obligors in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 30 Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
13.6 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Obligors' insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Issues and the enforcement of any Security.
13.7 In addition to the fee of the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 13.2 and 13.3, the Obligors shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as determined in separate agreement between the Obligors and the Bond Trustee, but including, for the avoidance of doubt, the reasonable costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee's professional advisors.
14 Events of Default
14.1 This Bond Loan Agreement may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default"):
(a) any Obligor shall fail to pay any interest or principal or any other amount payable under any Finance Document in each case on the applicable Payment Date; provided, however, that any such failure shall not constitute an Event of Default if (x) it is obvious to the Bond Trustee that the Obligors will remedy the failure within five Banking Days, and (y) such failure is actually remedied within five Banking Days;
(b) any Obligor shall fail to duly perform its obligations under Clause 12.1(a);
(c) any Obligor shall fail to duly perform any covenant or obligation (other than those referred to in Clauses 14.1(a) and (b)) to be performed under the Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 30 days after notice thereof is given to the Issuers by the Bond Trustee;
(d) if for any Obligor:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
UKDOCS/l 178424.8
CL-

49/71
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), except to the extent such creditor has provided a permanent waiver of its right to declare such Financial Indebtedness due and payable,
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of NOK 15,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
(e) if, for any Obligor;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness;
(ii) the value of the assets (both at fair value and present fair saleable value) is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective and unliquidated liabilities);
(iii) a moratorium is declared; or
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint;
(f) if, for any Obligor, any corporate action, legal proceeding or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, windingup, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on any Obligor's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
U K D O C S /1 178424.8

50/71
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets;
(g) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Obligors in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Obligor under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made;
(h) if there is entered against any Obligor a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding NOK 15,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of suchjudgment or order and does not deny or fail to confirm coverage);
(i) in the event of any material breach of the terms and conditions of the relevant Finance Documents related to a Vessel;
(j) any Davie Entity shall have defaulted under one or more Completion Contracts (it being understood that such a default shall constitute a "Default" under this Bond Loan Agreement); provided either (A) (1) such default has led to one or more Completion Contracts being cancelled and (2) the relevant Issuer has not entered into new Completion Contracts (in replacement of the ones that were cancelled) with a Davie Entity or an alternative yard within 60 days after the Completion Contracts were cancelled or (B) such default shall not have been remedied within 90 days after the occurrence thereof; provided that any such alternative yard and its affiliates shall be deemed to constitute the "Davie Entities" for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Finance Documents and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall have received all such documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request;
(k) any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Obligors, would have a material and adverse effect on the affairs, assets or financial condition of any Obligor or the ability of any Obligor to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
14.2 In the event that one or more Events of Default occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare all Outstanding Bonds, including accrued interest and costs, to be in default and due for immediate payment at the applicable premium set forth in Clause 9.1 or 9.2 (as applicable), plus accrued interest and may exercise all rights and remedies pursuant to the Finance Documents or applicable law. The Bond Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document.
14.3 In the event that one or more Events of Default occurs and is continuing:
UKDOCS/l 178424.8

51/71
(a) the Bond Trustee shall declare all Outstanding Bonds, including all accrued interest and costs, to be in default and due for payment if:
(i) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds of all Outstanding Bonds, and Bondholders' Meetings in respect of every Issue have not decided on other solutions; or
(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting in respect of each Issue has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue to be in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Outstanding Bonds (subject to Clauses 7.3 and 7.4). The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub-clause (i) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub-clause (ii) above.
(b) the Bond Trustee shall declare all Outstanding Bonds of any Issue, including all accrued interest and costs in respect of that Issue, to be in default and due for payment if:
(i) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds of that Issue, and a Bondholders' Meeting in respect of that Issue has not decided on other solutions; or
(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting in respect of that Issue has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue to be in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue (subject to Clauses 7.3 and 7.4). The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub-clause (i) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub-clause (ii) above.
14.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee declares any of the Bonds to be in default and due for payment pursuant to the terms of Clauses 14.2 or 14.3, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuers a notice demanding payment of all applicable interest (if any) and principal due to the Bondholders in respect of the Bonds declared to be in default and due for payment, including redemption premium (if any) and interest (if any) on overdue amounts and expenses.

UKDOCS/l 178424.8

CU

52/71
15 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting and the Bond Trustee
15.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholder community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders holding Bonds of one particular Issue is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting in respect of Bonds issued by that Issue under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable (and except as expressly provided to the contrary in the Finance Documents, if a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting in respect of all Outstanding Bonds that are Voting Bonds). Resolutions passed at such a Bondholders' Meeting shall be binding upon and prevail for all Bonds of that Issue under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable.
15.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' Meetings.
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting in respect of any Issue shall be held at the request of:
(i) an Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Voting Bonds of that Issue;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds of that Issue are listed; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
(b) Any Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.
(c) If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting ten Banking Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summon the Bondholders' Meeting itself.
(d) Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Banking Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds of the relevant Issue(s) shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication (if applicable).
(e) The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Loan Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
U K D O C S /1 178424.8

53/71
(f) The Bond Trustee may restrict the Obligors from causing any Voting Bonds to become Issuers' Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to the Issuers to such effect.
(g) Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue.
(h) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder holding Bonds of the relevant Issue, and shall be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
(i) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.
(j) The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend any Bondholders' Meeting. The Chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the Chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.
(k) Representatives of the Issuers have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuers have the right to be present at the voting.
15.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings.
(a) At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond of the relevant Issue owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuers' Bonds. Issuers' Bonds shall not have any voting rights. For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence
UKDOCS/l 178424.8
cu

54/71
stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.
(b) In all matters, the Issuers, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the Chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the Chairman being a Bondholder or not.
(c) In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue under this Bond Loan Agreement must be represented at the meeting, subject to Clause 16.4. If less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue under this Bond Loan Agreement are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed, but such voting shall be solely for purposes of specifying the result thereof in the summons for any repeated Bondholders' Meeting as set forth in Clause 15.4(a).
(d) Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 15.3(e).
(e) In the following matters, at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue(s) represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:
(i) amendment of the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of any Issue of the Bonds;
(ii) any transfer of rights and obligations of any Obligor under this Bond Loan Agreement to another issuer or guarantor;
(iii) any change of Bond Trustee;
(iv) any material change to the Bond Security; or
(v) corporate or business changes in respect of any of the Obligors which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the obligations of the Obligors under this Bond Loan Agreement or the other Finance Documents,
always provided that if the proposed changes affect more than the relevant Issue, the proposed change must be approved by a Bondholders' Meeting of the other affected Issues before entry into force.
(f) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders of a particular Issue an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders of that Issue.
U K D O C S /1 178424.8

55/71
(g) The Bondholders' Meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
(h) The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Loan Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.
(i) The Issuers, the Bondholders and the Exchange, if applicable, shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
15.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
(a) If a Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 15.3(c), a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
(b) When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue are represented.
16 The Bond Trustee
16.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee.
(a) The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Obligors of their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Obligors), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Obligors' financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Loan Agreement.
(b) The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
(c) The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Loan Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Loan Agreement
lIK D O C S /1 178424.8
S '"

56/71
and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement.
(d) The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders of a particular Issue in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 16.1(c); provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders of such Issue. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders of a particular Issue in the event that any Bondholder of such Issue submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
(e) The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 16.1(c) or 16.1(d) to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.
(f) The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders of a particular Issue or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders of such Issue.
(g) The Issuers, the Bondholders and the Exchange, if applicable, shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 16.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
(h) The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuers' approval, as provided for in Clause 15.3(e).
(i) The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Obligors notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds of any particular Issue to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
(k) The Bond Trustee may forward any documents and information it receives to the Bondholders, provided that none of the Obligors that has forwarded documents and/or information to the Bond Trustee in good faith has determined, and at the same time has informed the Bond Trustee in writing, that such documents and/or information cannot be forwarded to the Bondholders due to restrictions in applicable laws or stock exchange regulations.
16.2 Liability and indemnity.
UKDOCS/l 178424.8
Q--

57/71
(a) The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Obligors as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Loan Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuers.
(b) The Obligors are liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee, jointly and severally, in respect of all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Obligors (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) in the fulfillment of their obligations under the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Obligors in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document.
(c) The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 14.3(a)(i) or 14.3(b)(i) or 15.2(a)(ii)), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.
16.3 Change of Bond Trustee.
(a) Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 15. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
(b) The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Obligors pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 13, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
(c) The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement.
16.4 Appointment of Security Agent.
(a) The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent in respect of the Bonds.
UKDOCS/1178424 8

58/71
(b) The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding the Bond Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Obligors and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Bond Security.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuers shall be given the opportunity to state their views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agency Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Obligors and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.
(e) Any changes to this Bond Loan Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Loan Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee and each of the Obligors.
(f) If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Bond Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Obligors.
(g) Without limiting the generality of Section 16.4(a), the Bond Trustee is hereby appointed to act as the holder of an irrevocable power of attorney (fonde de pouvoir within the meaning of Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Quebec) of the Bondholders in order to hold hypothecs and security granted by any Obligor on property pursuant to the laws of the Province of Quebec. The execution by the Bond Trustee, acting as fonde de pouvoir of the Bondholders, prior to this Bond Loan Agreement of any deeds of hypothec or other security documents is hereby ratified and confirmed. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 32 of An Act respecting the special powers of legal persons (Quebec), the Bond Trustee may acquire and be the holder of any Bonds. The constitution of the Bond Trustee as fonde de pouvoir shall be deemed to have been ratified and confirmed by each Bondholder by its subscription, purchase or other transfer of the Bonds and by each successor Bond Trustee upon it becoming a successor Bond Trustee in accordance with this Bond Loan Agreement.
17 Miscellaneous
17.1 The community of Bondholders. By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Loan Agreement (which pursuant to the second paragraph of this Bond Loan
UKDOCS/l 178424.8

59/71
Agreement is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, included, but not limited to, taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Issue and/or any Bond Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding;
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository;
(d) this Bond Loan Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:
(i) the Bonds of a particular Issue rank pari passu between each other;
(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Loan Agreement, act directly towards the Obligors and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Obligors, however the foregoing shall not restrict the Bondholders from exercising their individual rights derived from this Bond Loan Agreement;
(iii) the Obligors may not, based on this Bond Loan Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and
(v) an individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
17.2 Defeasance.
(a) The Issuer of a particular Issue may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations with respect to such Issue discharged upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):
(i) such Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and all interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the applicable Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a
UKDOCS/l 178424.8

60/71
notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the parties hereto;
(ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the parties hereto;
(iii) the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;
(iv) such Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer stating that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by such Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of such Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of such Issuer or others; and
(v) such Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of each Obligor or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of such Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets, including of each of the Vessels or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.
(b) Upon the exercise by an Issuer of its option under Clause 17.2(a):
(i) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 12, except Clauses 12.1(a), (c), (h), (j) and (k), or as otherwise agreed;
(ii) such Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Bond Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the
UKDOCS/1178424 8

61/71
request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Bond Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(iii) any Guarantors shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantees, and the Guarantees shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;
(iv) any Bond Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and
(v) all other provisions of this Bond Loan Agreement (except as set forth in (i) - (iv) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.
(c) All amounts owed by the Issuers hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Loan Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Loan Agreement on the due date thereof.
(d) Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuers.
17.3 Limitation of claims. All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Loan Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.
17.4 Access to Information. The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, have access to the Securities Depositary for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Instruments registered in the Securities Depositary.
17.5 Amendments. All amendments of this Bond Loan Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise expressly provided for by this Bond Loan Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Bond Loan Agreement, the Bond Trustee and the Issuers may amend, supplement or otherwise modify this Bond Loan Agreement without the consent of any Bondholder to effectuate the issuance of the Tranche C Bonds and the Tranche D Bonds and any Additional Bonds.
U K D O C S /1 178424.8
O '--" '

62/71
17.6 Notices and Contact Information.
(a) Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuers and (if applicable) the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata.
(b) Any Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee or alternatively through the Securities Depositary with a copy to the Bond Trustee and (if applicable) the Exchange.
(c) Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, email or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the recipient;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by telefax, when received.
(d) The Issuers and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(e) When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Loan Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):
(i) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.
(ii) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.
(iii) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Banking Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Banking Day.
17.7 Dispute Resolution and Legal Venue
U K D O C S /1178424,8
a--

63/71
(a) This Bond Loan Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
(b) All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.
(c) Clause 17.7(b) is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.
18 Eligible Purchasers and Transfer Restrictions
18.1 The Instruments are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A. Each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Instruments will be required to execute and deliver to the Parent Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Obligors stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased on any Issue Date by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
18.2 Instrument Holders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Instruments except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Instrument Holder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S in a transaction on the Oslo Bors, (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), or (e) in another transaction that is exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements set forth in the US Securities Act.
The Instruments may not be traded in Canada except in compliance with the prospectus and registration requirements set forth in applicable Canadian securities laws or pursuant to an exemption from the prospectus and registration requirements set forth in applicable Canadian securities laws.

UKDOCS/l 178424.8

Cu

64/71
Attachment 1 - Warrant Conditions
A Definitions
"Exercise Date" means the date falling 10 - ten - Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received the relevant Exercise Notice in accordance with this Attachment 1.
"Exercise Notice" means an exercise notice in substantially the form of Schedule A to this Attachment 1.
"Exercise Period" means the period commencing on 18 March 2011 and ending on the tenth (10) Banking Day prior to the Tranche A Maturity Date (both days inclusive) during which the Exercise Rights may be exercised.
"Exercise Price" means NOK 0.65 for each Share, subject to adjustments as provided in this Attachment 1.
"Exercise Right" means the right of each Warrantholder to exercise each Warrant at the Exercise Price into one (1) Share, subject to adjustments as set out in this Attachment 1.
"Shares" means the shares issued by the Parent Issuer, being at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement 148,625,800 ordinary shares, each with a nominal value of NOK 0,05, representing, in aggregate, one hundred per cent (100%) of the issued share capital of the Parent Issuer.
B Exercise of the Exercise Right
B.l Each Warrantholder may exercise the Exercise Right at the Exercise Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided that the relevant Warrantholder at the time of exercise has the right to own Shares under Norwegian law and the Articles of Association of the Parent Issuer and that notification is given pursuant to Clause B.2.
The Warrantholder is on the Exercise Date entitled to receive one (1) Share per each Warrant. Each Warrant must be exercised in whole and cannot be partly exercised. Any adjustment of the Exercise Price (and thereby the Exercise Right) shall be calculated as stipulated in Clauses C and D.
B.2 In order to exercise the Exercise Right, a Warrantholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent (via the Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed Exercise Notice. Exercise of the Exercise Right(s) shall be effected on the Exercise Date.
The relevant Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository shall notify the Paying Agent of request to exercise the Exercise Right(s) and shall simultaneously
UKDOCS/l 178424 8
cu

65/71
demand payment from the relevant Warrantholder of an amount equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by the whole number of Shares to be issued under the Exercise Right(s) to an account designated by the Paying Agent, the payment being due three (3) Banking Days before the Exercise Date.
Upon any exercise of the Exercise Right only full Shares shall be delivered, and the relevant Warrantholder shall not be entitled to receive fractions of Shares. If a Warrantholder simultaneously exercises the Exercise Right for more than one Warrant, the Shares resulting from such exercise shall be aggregated with respect to fractions of Shares. Remaining fractions of Shares shall not be claimed.
On the Exercise Date the Paying Agent shall transfer the number of Shares which are to be issued to the Warrantholder's account in the Securities Depository against crediting the Parent Issuer of the amount paid.
B.3 The Parent Issuer is responsible for ensuring that:
(a) necessary approvals to increase the share capital of the Parent Issuer exist;
(b) the share capital increase is registered in the Register of Business Enterprises (Foretaksregisteret) as soon as possible; and
(c) shares issued upon exercise of the Exercise Right(s) are registered in the Securities Depository on the Exercise Date.
If the share capital increase is not registered in the Register of Business Enterprises at the Exercise Date, the Parent Issuer shall ensure that the shares following exercise shall be temporarily registered in the Securities Depository (with temporary ISIN).
B.4 Shares issued upon exercise of the Exercise Right(s) give rights in the Parent Issuer as of the registration of the share capital increase in the Register of Business Enterprises, unless the general meeting of the Parent Issuer has resolved differently. In addition, registration must have taken place in the Register of Business Enterprises.
C Adjustment of the Exercise Price/Exercise Right
C.l In the event of a new issue of Shares in which shareholders have preferential rights to subscribe for the new Shares:
(i) If the Shares are listed on an exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:
(share price x number o f shares before share issue) + (share issue price x number o f new shares) New Exercise Price = ----------------------- number o f shares before share issue + number o f new shares----------------------_ x Old Exercise Price
Share Price
UKDOCS/1178424.8

66/71
The share price is the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the exchange the last three days the shares are quoted including rights.
(ii) If the Shares are not listed, each Warrantholder shall have the same subscription right as the shareholders, as if the Warrantholder had already exercised its Exercise Right(s) in full.
C.2 In the event of an issue of financial instruments in accordance with Chapter 11 of the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act in which existing shareholders have preferential rights to subscribe for the financial instruments:
(i) If the Shares are listed on an exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:
New E,, xerci.se Price = ----- --a-v--e-r-a-gEe--p^r-i-c-e--d-u--r-i-n-g--s-u-b--s-c-r-ip-t-i-o-n--p-e-r-i-o--d--------x Old E.,x, ercis.e Price average price during the subscription period plus the average price of the warrants in the same period
The average price is the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the exchange during the subscription period. Days without trading are not included in the calculation.
(ii) If the Shares are not listed, each Warrantholder shall have the same subscription right as the shareholders, as if the Warrantholder had already exercised its Exercise Right(s) in full.
C.3 In the event of a capital write-down of the Parent Issuer's share capital and subsequent repayment to shareholders,
(i) If the Shares are listed on an exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:
N,,Tew E^xercise Pri.ce = -s-h-a-r-e--p-r-i-c-e--l-e-s-s--a-m--o--u-n-t--r-e-p-a--id--p--e-r--s-h-a-r-ex O_ld,,Exercis.e P_ric.e share price
The share price is the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the exchange the last three days shares are quoted including rights.
(ii) If the Shares are not listed, the Exercise Price shall be reduced with an amount equal to the amount repaid per share.
A reduction of the Parent Issuer's share capital without repayment to the shareholders shall have no influence on the Exercise Price.
UKDOCS/l 178424.8

67/71
C.4 In the event of an issue of new bonus Shares in the Parent Issuer (with the exception of shares issued in settlement of a merger offer), split or consolidation, the new Exercise Price shall be fixed as follows:
number of shares prior to bonus issue, -NTew E,, xerci.se P_ri.ce = -s-p-l-i-t-o-r--c-o--n-s-o--li-d-a--ti-o--n----------- ;-------x old Exercise Pri.ce
number of shares after bonus issue, split or consolidation
In the event that the Shares are split into more than one class of shares, the Exercise Right shall be adjusted so that Warrantholders' interest in the separate share classes remains unchanged, regardless of whether the Warrantholders elect to exercise prior to, or after the date on which the shares are quoted post-split.
An issue of bonus Shares writing up the par value of the Shares in the Parent Issuer shall have no influence on the Exercise Price.
C.5 Should the Parent Issuer make a dividend payment to shareholders of the Parent Issuer, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted according to the principles of Clause C.3.
C.6 If changes are made in the share capital, other than those mentioned in Clauses Cl to C5 above, which are unfavourable to the Warrantholders compared to the shareholders, the Bond Trustee and the Parent Issuer shall agree on a new Exercise Price. This also applies to other transactions, which are unfavourable to the Warrantholders. The principles expressed in Clauses Cl to C5 above shall always be the basis for any adjustments pursuant to this Clause C6.
C.7 If the Exercise Price is below par value of the shares, par value of the shares still applies, and the Parent Issuer shall upon exercise pay the Warrantholder the difference between the par value of the shares and the applicable Exercise Price.
D Merger and De-merger
D.l If the Parent Issuer decides on a statutory merger (in accordance with prevailing legislation from time to time) in which the Parent Issuer is the acquired company, the Warrants shall, on completion of the merger, be transformed to rights to subscribe shares (warrants) in the acquiring company, on terms adjusted for the exchange ratio applied in the merger.
Warrantholders shall receive written notification of the merger from the Parent Issuer through the Securities Depository no later than five (5) Banking Days after the announcement referred to in the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act § 13-14 has been made.
UKDOCS/l 178424 8

68/71
D.2 Should the Parent Issuer decide on a merger, in which the Parent Issuer is the acquiring company, and shareholders in the acquired company receive settlement in the form of Shares or a combination of Shares and cash, no adjustment will be made to the Exercise Price.
D.3 In the event of a de-merger, a split-up, a spin-off or if any other event occurs which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has the same effect as a de-merger, such adjustments to the Exercise Right and the Exercise Price shall be made pursuant to the principles as set out in Clause C as the Bond Trustee in its reasonable opinion shall consider appropriate.
UKDOCS/l 178424.8
o

69/71
Schedule A to Attachment 1 - Form of Exercise Notice

To: [Paying Agent]
Warrants issued by Cecon ASA with ISIN NO 001 0605090
We hereby give notice of exercise of [·] Warrants. We agree to take the Shares issuable upon exercise of such Warrants in accordance with the terms of Attachment 1 (Warrant Conditions) to the Bond Loan Agreement dated on or about [·] 2013 and entered into among Cecon ASA, the Subsidiary Issuers parties thereto and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee.

[Signature of Warrantholder(s)] [Date]

We hereby direct Cecon ASA to allot the Shares to be issued pursuant to this exercise in the following numbers and to the following proposed allottees:

Address and Account Details of

No. of Shares Name of Proposed Allottee

Proposed Allottee

1.
2.

3.

UKDOCS/l 178424.8

70/71
Attachment 2 - Construction Budget Schedule
UKDOCS/l 178424.8

Attachment 2 CONSTRUCTION BUDGET SCHEDULE

(S in '000s C A D )
At Closing March 1,2013 April 1,2013 May 1,2013 June 1, 2013 July 1,2013 August 1, 2013 September 1, 2013 October 1, 2013 November 1, 2013 December 1, 2013 January 1, 2014
Total

$ 17,027 12,541 5,327 6,198 6,228 6,025 5,207 4,509 2,680 2,560 1,201 -
$ 69,503

Q/

71/71
Attachment 3 - Compliance Certificate Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: +47228794 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date] Dear Sirs, I refer to the Bond Loan Agreement effective as of the Effective Date and made between, inter alia, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Parent Guarantor (the "Bond Loan Agreement"! under which this Compliance Certificate is issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [·]. Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Loan Agreement. With reference to Clause 12.1(h) of the Bond Loan Agreement, I hereby certify that: 1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which
would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Group since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you; 2. the covenants set forth in Clause 12 are satisfied; and 3. no Defaults or Events of Default have occurred and are continuing. Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited] [quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed. Yours faithfully, Rever Offshore AS
Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy ofany written documentation]
UKDOCS/l 178424.8
V

Cecon ASA
Name: Title:

11/11
SIGNATORIES Norsk Tillitsmann ASA .................................. n J

Cecon Shipping 1 AS

Cecon Shipping 2 AS

Name: Title:

Name: Title:

By signing this Agreement we hereby acknowledge and agree (i) to the terms of this Agreement and (ii) to be bound by the terms and provisions of and take on the obligations and liabilities ascribed to us in the Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement.

Rever Offshore AS

Cecon Shipping 3 AS

Name: Title:

Name: Title:

UKDOCS/l 178423.4

11/11 SIGNATORIES

Cecon
Name: ( v V \< £ Title:

LOO ^tA ^l

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee
A ST0 1

Cecon

Cecon

Name: [ U Title: VA*lTC>

R flcT

Name: { O Av&, K l^t-0 OQ-S <5Cs __ Title: ^ T T o ^ > C s iS N r tNC\ B A C l

By signing this Agreement we hereby acknowledge and agree (i) to the terms of this Agreement and (ii) to be bound by the terms and provisions of and take on the obligations and liabilities ascribed to us in the Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement.

Rever Offsh

Cecon Shipp

Name: I \J tAiZA-KlAt-VCh? i f c V j
Title: VsrroeVStSt' ^ K~'f< x

Name: \ U Title:

2>-v-- i k i t y (k ^ m Ac C

UKDOCS/1178423 4

PH DRAFT 2/8/13<EXECUTION VERSION>
ISIN NO 001 [------ ]<067230.6> (Tranche A Bonds) ISIN NO 001 [------]<067229.8> (Tranche B Bonds)
BOND LOAN AGREEMENT between
CECON ASA (Parent Guarantor)
and REVER OFFSHORE AS
(Parent Issuer) and
CECON SHIPPING 2 AS, CECON SHIPPING 1 AS AND CECON SHIPPING 3 AS (Subsidiary Issuers) and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
THE BONDHOLDERS in the issue
Rever Offshore AS Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2013/2014
Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2013/2014
and the other Bonds as set forth herein
L_2029349_V1 26.11.10 505587 016LEGAL_US_E # 102031623.15<102031673.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
TABLE OF CONTENTS 1 Definitions and Construction...........................................................................................3 2 The Bonds.....................................................................................................................20 3 Listing...........................................................................................................................23 4 Registration in the Securities Depository...................................................................... 24 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds......................................................................................24 6 Conditions Precedent.................................................................................................... 24 7 Representations and Warranties............................................................................ 28<27> 8 Status of the Bond and Bond Security........................................................................... 32 9 Interest and Profit.......................................................................................................... 33 10 Maturity of the Bonds, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option................34 11 Payments.......................................................................................................................38 12 Issuers' Acquisition of Issuers' Bonds.......................................................................... 39 13 Covenants.............................................................................................................. 40<39> 14 Fees and Expenses........................................................................................................ 47 15 Events of Default.......................................................................................................... 48 16 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting and the Bond Trustee...................................... 52 17 The Bond Trustee.......................................................................................................... 55 18 Miscellaneous............................................................................................................... 59 19 Eligible Purchasers and Transfer Restrictions............................................................... 63

LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

BOND LOAN AGREEMENT
This agreement has been entered into on [------- T<Februarv 19.> 2013 between Rever Offshore AS (Company No 899 329 872) as issuer in respect of the Tranche A Bonds described below (the "Parent Issuer"), Cecon Shipping 2 AS (Company No 991 789 650) ("Cecon 2") as issuer in respect of the Tranche B Bonds described below, Cecon Shipping 1 AS (Company No 991 789 677) ("Cecon 1") as issuer in respect of the Tranche C Bonds described below, Cecon Shipping 3 AS (Company No 991 789 685) ("Cecon 3") as issuer in respect of the Tranche D Bonds described below (Cecon 2, Cecon 1 and Cecon 3 together the "Subsidiary Issuers" and together with the Parent Issuer, the "Issuers"), Cecon ASA (Company No 938 803 595) as guarantor in respect of each of the Bonds described below (the "Parent Guarantor") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bond Trustee").
1 Definitions and Construction
1.1 Whenever used in this Bond Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

15 Day Auction End Date:

is defined in Clause 13.2(h).

20 Day Auction End Date:

is defined in Clause 13.2(g).

Account Manager: Additional Bonds:

a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
is defined in Clause 2.6 (Additional Bonds).

Additional Bonds Issue Date: the date of issuance of any Additional Bonds.

Additional Bonds Maturity Date:
Additional Bonds Profit:

means:
(i) in respect of Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 2, the Tranche A and B Maturity Date;
(ii) in respect of Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 1, the Tranche C Maturity Date; and
(iii) in respect of Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 3, the Tranche D Maturity Date.
(i) with respect to any Issue of Primary Additional Bonds, a fixed amount equal to 20.0% of the aggregate principal amount of such Issue and (ii) with respect to any Issue of Secondary Additional Bonds, a fixed

LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

3

Attachment: Banking Day:
Bond Loan Agreement:
Bond Security:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
amount equal to 30.0% of the aggregate principal amount of such Issue.
the attachments to this Bond Loan Agreement.
any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo and New York.
this bond loan agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time.
the security for the Bonds created or purported to be created pursuant to the Security Documents, which includes, inter alia:
(i) first priority perfected and registered ship mortgages on, and security interests in, each of the Vessels, with the related Deeds of Covenants;
(ii) first priority perfected and registered hypothecs with respect to all movable property related to each of the Vessels;
(iii) first priority perfected Security over the materials and equipment earmarked for use in the construction of the Vessels;
(iv) first priority perfected and registered Security on, assignments of, and security interests over, any monetary claims arising under any of the Completion Contracts;
(v) first priority assignments of insurance in respect of each of the Vessels providing that the Bond Trustee is first loss payee and additional insured in respect of the collateral listed in paragraphs (i) to (iv) above;
(vi) a first priority pledge over the shares in each Rever Obligor owned by any Obligor;
(vii) a first priority pledge over each of the Cash Management Accounts and any other accounts held by each of the Rever Obligors;

4
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(viii) a first priority charge on certain intercompany debts owing by any Obligor to any Obligor;
(ix) a first priority pledge over any insurances held by each of the Rever Obligors; and

(x) first ranking security over substantially all of the other assets of each Rever Obligor.

Bond Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee.

Bondholders:

the holders of the Bonds, as registered in the Securities Depository.

Bondholders' Meeting:

a meeting of the Bondholders in respect of one or more Issues of the Bonds, as set forth in Clause 16.

Bonds:

collectively, the Tranche A Bonds, the Tranche B Bonds, the Tranche C Bonds, the Tranche D Bonds and any and all Additional Bonds.

Call Option:

is defined in Clause 10.4(b).

Cash Management Accounts:

collectively, the Tranche B Cash Management Account, the Tranche C Cash Management Account and the Tranche D Cash Management Account.

Cecon 1

Cecon Shipping 1 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 677).

Cecon 2

Cecon Shipping 2 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 650).

Cecon 3

Cecon Shipping 3 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 685).

Cecon Funding Commitment: is defined in Clause 13.2(j).

Chairman:

the chairman of the board of directors of the Parent Issuer.

Change of Control Event:

if and when any person or a group of persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, acquires Decisive

5
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Influence over the Parent Issuer (other than the Parent Guarantor) or the Parent Guarantor.

Completion Contracts:

the vessel completion contracts entered into by the Subsidiary Issuers relating to the construction and completion of the Vessels fully equipped (including any insurance and guarantees relating thereto), as the same may be amended, modified or replaced from time to time to the extent permitted by this Bond Loan Agreement.

Construction Budget Schedule:

with respect to any Vessel, the schedule set forth as Attachment 2 with respect to such Vessel, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in connection with the Issue of Tranche B Bonds, Tranche C Bonds and Tranche D Bonds.1

Construction Progress Report:

the weekly report delivered to the Bond Trustee consisting of (i) any milestone or other reports prepared under any Completion Contracts since the delivery of the prior Construction Progress Report and (ii) a brief comparison of the progress of the construction of the Vessels to the relevant Construction Budget Schedule.

Davie Agreement:

the Subordination and Rights Agreement between Chantier Davie Canada Inc., the Bond Trustee and [the Parent Issuer] entered into on [---- 1. 2013.<or about the date hereof.>

Davie Entities:

Chantier Davie Canada Inc. (English version: Davie Canada Yard Inc.), a corporation incorporated under the federal laws of Canada and continued under the provincial laws of Quebec, together with its Subsidiaries; and any alternative yard as set forth in Clause 15.1(j).

Davie Yard:

the yard at Levis, Quebec, Canada owned as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement by the Davie Entities.

Decisive Influence:

a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:

1 To include a 10% cushion on agreed budget.
6 LEGAL US E#107.03167.3.15<107.03167.3.16>

Default: Defeasance Pledge: Delivery Date: Disclosure Documents:
Distribution: EDC: EDC Loan:
EDC Loan Agreement:
Event of Default:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(ii) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors or comparable governing body of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
an event or condition the occurrence or existence of which would, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both, become an Event of Default.
is defined in Clause 18.2.
with respect to each Vessel, the date of execution of the Protocol of Delivery and Acceptance as set forth in Clause 6.4.3 of each of the Completion Contracts.
all written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Obligors or the Managers in connection with the Issue, all of which documents are set forth on Attachment 3.
is defined in Clause 13.2(d).
Export Development Canada.
the indebtedness (including indebtedness under hedging instruments for reducing currency and interest rate exposure related to such indebtedness) advanced to the Subsidiary Issuers pursuant to the EDC Loan Agreement exclusively for the part-financing of the Vessels.
the Loan Agreement<loan aareement> dated April 23. 2009 between the Subsidiary Issuers and EDC, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, replaced or refinanced from time to time, including through the Initial Issue Date.
is defined in Clause 15.1.

7
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Excess Amount:

on any date of determination, the amount by which the funds necessary to complete a given Vessel (in the reasonable determination of the relevant Issuer) exceeds the amount remaining in the Cash Management Account for the relevant Issue of Bonds issued for the purpose of completing such Vessel, as certified in a certificate of an officer of the Parent Issuer.

Excess Construction Expenses:

with respect to each Vessel, at each Milestone Date, the amount by which construction expenses incurred in connection with such Vessel exceeds the Construction Budget Schedule for such Vessel for the applicable period(s).

Exchange:

(i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.

<Exercise Long Stop Date:> <is defined in Clause 10.8. >

Existing Bond Loan Agreement:

the bond loan agreement with respect to the Existing Bonds entered into on 30 April 2007 (as amended), and which will be further amended and restated on or about the date hereof.

Existing Bonds:

collectively, the 5.0 per cent Cecon ASA Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2013 with Warrants, the 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, the 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C1 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016 and the 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C2 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, as amended in accordance with the Existing Bond Loan Agreement.

Existing Bonds Security:

the security for the Existing Bonds created or purported to be created pursuant to the Security Documents, which includes, inter alia:

(i) second priority perfected and registered ship mortgages on, and security interests in, each of the

8
LEGAL US E # 10203162.3.15<102031623.16>

Finance Documents:
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Vessels, with the related Deeds of Covenant;
(ii) second priority perfected and registered hypothecs with respect to all movable property related to each of the Vessels;
(iii) second priority perfected Security over the materials and equipment earmarked for use in the construction of the Vessels;
(iv) second priority perfected and registered Security on, assignments of, and security interests over, any monetary claims arising under any of the Completion Contracts;
(v) second priority assignments of insurance in respect of each of the Vessels providing that the Bond Trustee is second loss payee and additional insured in respect of the collateral listed in paragraphs (i) to (iv) above;
(vi) a second priority pledge over the shares in each Rever Obligor owned by any Obligor;
(vii) a second priority pledge over each of the Cash Management Accounts and any other accounts held by each of the Rever Obligors;
(viii) a second priority charge on certain intercompany debts owing by any Obligor to any Obligor; and
(ix) a second priority pledge over any insurances held by each of the Rever Obligors;
(x) second ranking security over substantially all of the other assets of each Rever Obligor.
means (i) this Bond Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1, (iii) the Guarantee Agreement(s), (iv) each Security Document and any other documents executed in relation to the granting of any Bond Security, (v) the Tranche A and B Application Agreement<Agreements> (vi) the Davie Agreement and (vii) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by any Obligor in relation to any obligation under this Bond Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred
9

Financial Indebtedness:
Financial Statements:
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

to in this definition, each as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time.

any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(i)

moneys borrowed;

(ii)

any amount raised by acceptance under

any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized

equivalent;

(iii)

any amount raised pursuant to any note

purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes,

debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(iv)

the amount of any liability in respect of

any lease or hire purchase contract which would,

in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance

or capital lease;

(v)

receivables sold or discounted (other than

any receivables to the extent they are sold on a

non-recourse basis);

(vi)

any amount raised under any other

transaction (including any forward sale or

purchase agreement) having the commercial

effect of a borrowing;

(vii)

any derivative transaction entered into in

connection with protection against or benefit

from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when

calculating the value of any derivative

transaction, only the mark to market value shall

be taken into account); and

(viii)

the amount of any liability in respect of

any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items

referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vii) above.

the audited unconsolidated annual financial statements of each Obligor, and the consolidated annual financial statements (including consolidating adjustments) of the Parent Issuer and the Parent Guarantor for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash

10

Funds Flow: GAAP: Governmental Authority:
Group: Group Company: Guarantee Agreement: Guarantees:
Guarantor: Hull 717 Hull 718

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
flow statement and report from the board of directors.
a funds flow showing all sources and uses of funds related to the transactions contemplated hereby on the Initial Issue Date, duly executed by all parties hereto.
the generally accepted accounting principles in Norway; provided that such principles are IFRS-compliant.
any government, parliament, legislature, or any regulatory authority, agency, commission or board of any government, parliament or legislature, or any court or (without limitation to the foregoing) any other law, regulation or rule-making entity (including, without limitation, any stock exchange, securities regulatory authority, central bank, fiscal or monetary authority or authority regulating banks), having jurisdiction in the relevant circumstances.
the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (direct and indirect).
the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries.
The guarantee agreement executed among the Obligors dated on or about the date hereof, as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time.
an unconditional, irrevocable and joint and several on-demand guarantee from the Obligors securing all payment obligations of each of the Issuers under the Finance Documents, pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.
at any time, any member of the Group that provides, or is required to provide, a Guarantee at such time.
the VS 4220 Offshore Construction Vessel owned by Cecon 2 and under construction at Davie Yard as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement with yard no. 717.
the VS 4220 Offshore Construction Vessel owned by Cecon 1 and under construction at Davie Yard as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement with yard no. 718.

11
T.F.GAT. US F. # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Hull 719 IFRS: Initial Issue Date: Intercreditor Agreement:
Interim Accounts:
ISIN: Issue: Issuers:
Issuers' Bonds:
Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption: Managers:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
the VS 4220 Offshore Construction Vessel owned by Cecon 3 and under construction at Davie Yard as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement with yard no. 719.
the international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002.
I------- ],<February 21.> 2013.
the intercreditor and subordination agreement dated on or about the date hereof among the Security Agent and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as security agent for the Existing Bonds, as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time.
the unaudited unconsolidated quarterly financial statements of each Obligor, and the consolidated quarterly financial statements (including consolidating adjustments) of the Parent Issuer and the Parent Guarantor for any quarter, drawn up according to GAAP.
International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of each Issue.
with respect to any Bonds, the issue of such Bonds.
the Parent Issuer and the Subsidiary Issuers; provided that "Issuers" shall not include any entity that has been released from its Guarantee pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.
with respect to any Issue of Bonds, any Bonds owned by any Obligor, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over any Obligor, or any person or persons over whom any Obligor has Decisive Influence. For the avoidance of doubt, Issuers' Bonds shall not include any Bonds held by or for the benefit of York, subject to York holding less than 50% of the voting rights in each Obligor.
is defined in Clause 10.7.
the managers for the Issue, being ABG Sundal Collier Norge ASA and Pareto Securities AS.

12
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102.03162.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Milestone Date:

with respect to any Vessel, any milestone date as set forth in the Construction Budget Schedule with respect to such Vessel.

Money Laundering Laws:

is defined in 7.1(v).

New Shares:

the issue to York of shares in the Parent Issuer comprising 15.0% of the aggregate number of issued shares of the Parent Issuer on a fully diluted basis.

NOK:

Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.

Non-Rever Group:

collectively, the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries other than the Rever Obligors.

Obligor:

the Issuers and each Guarantor; provided that "Obligor" shall not include any entity that has been released from its Guarantee pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.

OFAC:

is defined in Clause 7.1(w).

Outstanding Bonds:

(i) in respect of any Issue of Bonds, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of that Issue; and

(ii) in respect of all of the Bonds, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Issues.

Parent Guarantor:

Cecon ASA (Norwegian Company No 938 803 595), the ultimate parent company of each of the Issuers.

Parent Guarantor Working as defined in Clause 2.2. Capital Amount:

Parent Issuer:

Rever Offshore AS (Norwegian Company No 899 329 872), the parent company of each of the Subsidiary Issuers.

Paying Agent:

the legal entity appointed by the Issuers to act as their paying agent in the Securities Depositary with respect to the Bonds.

Payment Date:

a date for payment of principal, Profit or interest under this Bond Loan Agreement. If a Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the relevant payments shall be made on the following Banking Day.

13
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Permitted 719 Financing:

the issuance or incurrence by Cecon 3 or any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor (other than a Rever Obligor) of bonds or loans the proceeds of which will be used to finance the completion of Hull 719 in part or in full, provided that no Tranche D Bonds have or will be issued.

Permitted Refinancing:

with respect to any Issue of Bonds, the issuance or incurrence by the applicable Issuer of bonds or loans, the proceeds of which shall be used to repay not less than any and all Outstanding Bonds of the applicable Issue, and all Profit pertaining to the applicable Issue, interest, if any, and fees and other amounts owing in respect thereof, in their entirety; provided that such bonds or loans shall be on a non-recourse basis against the remaining Rever Obligors and their assets and revenues.

Primary Additional Bonds: is defined in Clause 2.6 (Additional Bonds).

Profit:

the Tranche A Profit, the Tranche B Profit and the Tranche C Profit.

Put Option:

is defined in Clause 10.8(a).

Regulation D:

Regulation D adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the US Securities Act.

Regulation S:

Regulation S adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the US Securities Act.

Rever Obligor:

each Obligor other than the Parent Guarantor.

Rule 144A:

Rule 144A under the US Securities Act.

SDN List:

is defined in Clause 7.1(w).

Secondary Additional Bonds: is defined in Clause 2.6 (Additional Bonds).

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which each Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

Securities Depository Act:

the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Security:

any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge,

14
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Security Agent:
Security and Covenant Defeasance: Security Documents:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
<hvnothec. >lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
the Bond Trustee or any other bank or institution appointed to act as such pursuant to Clause 17.4.
Shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
any document creating, establishing, recording, confirming, evidencing or preserving or otherwise related to any security relating to the Bonds (each as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time) and the Existing Bonds, including each of the following documents:
(i) the Intercreditor Agreement;
(ii) deeds of Hypothec<hypothec> with respect to all movable property related to each of the Vessels;
(iii) a formalities certificate and related statement of completeness delivered by the Obligors;
(iv) a security agreement pertaining to insurance, intercompany debt, floating charges over trade receivables, machinery and plant and inventory, and a pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee over each of the Cash Management Accounts and any other accounts held by the Rever Obligors;
(v) a pledge agreement with respect to the Parent Issuer's shares in Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee, together with notices of pledge and acknowledgements of notice;
(vi) a pledge agreement with respect to the Parent Guarantor's shares in the Parent Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee together with notice of pledge and acknowledgement of notice;
(vii) a pledge over certain intercompany debts owed by any Obligor to any Obligor;
(viii) assignment(s) in respect of the First Priority Assignments of Insurance and the Second Priority Assignments of Insurance;

15
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Solvent: Stamdata:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ix) a Builder's Mortgage in respect of Hull 717 by Cecon 2 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(x) a Deed of Covenants in respect of Hull 717 by Cecon 2 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xi) an Assignment of Insurance in respect of Hull 717 by Cecon 2 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xii) a Builder's Mortgage in respect of Hull 718 by Cecon 1 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xiii) a Deed of Covenants in respect of Hull 718 by Cecon 1 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xiv) an Assignment of Insurance in respect of Hull 718 by Cecon 1 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xv) a Builder's Mortgage in respect of Hull 719 by Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xvi) a Deed of Covenants in respect of Hull 719 by Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee; and
(xvii) an Assignment of Insurance in respect of Hull 719 by Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
together with any documents, certificates and instruments reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in order to perfect the security interests granted pursuant to the Security Documents.
with respect to any person or entity as of any date of determination, that, as of such date, (a) the value of the assets of such person or entity (both at fair value and present fair saleable value) is greater than the total amount of liabilities (including contingent and unliquidated liabilities) of such person or entity, (b) such person or entity is able to pay all liabilities of such person or entity as such liabilities mature and (c) such person or entity does not have unreasonably small capital. In computing the amount of contingent or unliquidated liabilities at any time, such liabilities shall be computed at the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.
the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

16
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Subscription and Put Option Agreement:

the subscription and put option agreement between the Parent Issuer, the Parent Guarantor and York and dated on or about the date hereof.

Subsidiary:

a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

Subsidiary Issuers:

Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3.

Tranche A Profit:

USD [8 720 930 00] <8 720 930 00 > which shall be allocated pro rata among the Tranche A Bonds.

Tranche A Bonds:

the series of bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement constituting Rever Offshore AS Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2013/2014. with ISIN NO 001 f------- T<067230.6>

Tranche A and B Application the application agreement<agreements> dated on or

Agreement<Agreements>:

about the date hereof in respect of the Tranche A Bonds

and the Tranche B Bonds.

Tranche A and B Maturity f--------- T<Februarv 21.> 2014. Date:

Tranche B Bonds:

the series of bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement constituting Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2013/2014. with ISIN NO 001 [------- T<067229.8>

Tranche B Cash Management Account:

a blocked account in the name of Cecon 2 with a bank of recognized national standing selected by the Bond Trustee that is subject to a perfected first priority pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in respect of which the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights, and into which the net proceeds of the issuance of the Tranche B Bonds and any Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 2 are to be paid.

Tranche B Profit:

USD [16 279 070 00] <16 279 070 00 > which shall be allocated pro rata among the Tranche B Bonds.

Tranche C Bonds:

the series of bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement as set forth in Clause 2.4.

Tranche C Cash Management a blocked account in the name of Cecon 1 with a bank of

17
LEGAL US E # 10203167.3.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Account:

recognized national standing selected by the Bond Trustee that is subject to a perfected first priority pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in respect of which the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights, and into which the net proceeds of the issuance of the Tranche C Bonds and any Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 1 are to be paid.

Tranche C Issue Date:

the date of issuance of the Tranche C Bonds.

Tranche C Maturity Date:

the date that is 15 months after the Tranche C Issue Date.

Tranche C Profit:

USD 17,500,000, which shall be allocated pro rata among the Tranche C Bonds.

Tranche D Bonds:

the series of bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement as set forth in Clause 2.5.

Tranche D Cash Management Account:

a blocked account in the name of Cecon 3 with a bank of recognized national standing selected by the Bond Trustee that is subject to a perfected first priority pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in respect of which the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights, and into which the net proceeds of the issuance of the Tranche D Bonds and any Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 3 are to be paid.

Tranche D Issue Date:

the date of issuance of the Tranche D Bonds.

Tranche D Maturity Date:

the date that is 24 months after the Tranche D Issue Date.

US Exchange Act:

the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

US Securities Act:

the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

USD:

US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

Vessel Completion Mandatory as defined in Clause 10.6. Redemption:

Vessels:

Hull 717, Hull 718 and Hull 719 (each a "Vessel"), to the extent the same constitute Bond Security.

Voting Bonds:

in respect of any Issue, all of the Outstanding Bonds of

18
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

that Issue other than Issuers' Bonds.

York:

one or more Bondholders or holders of shares issued by the Parent Issuer controlled by York Capital Management Global Advisors, LLC (a company existing under the laws of New York with SEC File No. 801-70315) or its affiliates.

1.2 Construction. In this Bond Loan Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses and Attachments are references to the Clauses of and Attachments to this Bond Loan Agreement;

(d) any reference to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors or comparable governing body of the Parent Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise;

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality);

(h) any reference to an "Issue Date" of the Bonds shall be a reference to the Initial Issue Date, the Tranche C Issue Date, the Tranche D Issue Date or the relevant Additional Bonds Issue Date, as applicable;

(i) any reference to a "Cash Management Account" shall be a reference to the Tranche B Cash Management Account, the Tranche C Cash Management Account or the Tranche D Cash Management Account, as applicable;

(j) any reference to a "Profit" shall be a reference to the Tranche A Profit, the Tranche B Profit, the Tranche C Profit or the Additional Bonds Profit, as applicable;

19
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(k) any reference to a "Maturity Date" shall be a reference to the Tranche A and B Maturity Date, the Tranche C Maturity Date, the Tranche D Maturity Date or the relevant Additional Bonds Maturity Date, as applicable;
(l) any reference to an "Issuer" of the Bonds shall be a reference to the Parent Issuer, Cecon 1, Cecon 2 or Cecon 3, as applicable; and
(m) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.
2 The Bonds
2.1 Binding nature of this Bond Loan Agreement. By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and each other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
2.2 Tranche A Bonds. The Parent Issuer has resolved to issue Tranche A Bonds on the Initial Issue Date in an aggregate principal amount of USD 37,500,000 (U.S. Dollar thirty seven million five hundred thousand).
The Tranche A Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1,000.00 each and rank pari passu between themselves and in right of payment with all other senior indebtedness of the Parent Issuer.
The Tranche A Bonds will be described as the "Rever Offshore AS Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2013/2014".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Tranche A Bonds will be NO 001 [-------T<067230.6.>
The term of the Tranche A Bonds is from and including the Initial Issue Date to the Tranche A and B Maturity Date. As set forth in the Funds Flow, the net proceeds of the Tranche A Bonds shall be applied to the assignment of the EDC Loan in full to the Parent Guarantor for USD 27,000,000 (U.S. Dollar twenty seven million), to provide USD 5,400,000 (U.S. Dollar five million four hundred thousand) of incremental working capital to the Parent Guarantor (the " Parent Guarantor Working Capital Amount"), to fund USD 2,000,000 (U.S. Dollar two million) of working capital to the Parent Issuer and to fund any related financial advisory and legal fees in connection with the funding of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds.
2.3 Tranche B Bonds. Cecon 2 has resolved to issue the Tranche B Bonds on the Initial Issue Date in an aggregate principal amount of USD 70,000,000 (U.S. Dollar seventy million).
The Tranche B Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1,000.00 each and rankpari passu between themselves and with all other senior indebtedness of Cecon 2.
20
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Tranche B Bonds will be described as the "Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2013/2014".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Tranche B Bonds will be NO 001 [-------T<067229.8.>
The term of the Tranche B Bonds is from and including the Initial Issue Date to the Tranche A and B Maturity Date.
The proceeds of the Tranche B Bonds shall be funded into the Tranche B Cash Management Account and shall be released from the Tranche B Cash Management Account to the Davie Entities from time to time to fund construction of Hull 717:
(a) as set forth in the Construction Budget Schedule if the Parent Issuer (acting as the agent for Cecon 2) delivers to the Bond Trustee an officer's certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Attachment 4<3>; or
(b) as instructed by the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of holders of 75% of the Tranche B Bonds that are Voting Bonds).
2.4 Tranche C Bonds. Subject to the conditions set forth in Clause 6, Cecon 1 may issue the Tranche C Bonds on the Tranche C Issue Date in an aggregate principal amount of USD 75,000,000 (U.S. Dollar seventy five million).
The Tranche C Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1,000.00 each and will rank pari passu between themselves and with all other senior indebtedness of Cecon 1.
The registration number (ISIN) and title of the Tranche C Bonds will be determined on or about the Tranche C Issue Date.
The term of the Tranche C Bonds is from and including the Tranche C Issue Date to the Tranche C Maturity Date.
The proceeds of the Tranche C Bonds shall be funded into the Tranche C Cash Management Account and shall be released from the Tranche C Cash Management Account to the Davie Entities from time to time to fund construction of Hull 718:
(a) as set forth in the Construction Budget Schedule if, on such date, the Parent Issuer (acting as the agent for Cecon 1) delivers to the Bond Trustee an officer's certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Attachment 4<3>; or
(b) as instructed by the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of holders of 75% of the Tranche C Bonds that are Voting Bonds).
For the avoidance of doubt, Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds shall not be required to purchase the Tranche C Bonds, and purchasers of the Tranche C Bonds shall become "Bondholders" for purposes of this Bond Loan Agreement.
21
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
2.5 Tranche D Bonds. Subject to the conditions set forth in Clause 6, Cecon 3 may issue the Tranche D Bonds on the Tranche D Issue Date in an aggregate principal amount of USD 100,000,000 (U.S. Dollar one hundred million).
The Tranche D Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1,000.00 each and will rank pari passu between themselves and with all other senior indebtedness of Cecon 3.
The registration number (ISIN) and title of the Tranche D Bonds will be determined on or about the Tranche D Issue Date.
The term of the Tranche D Bonds is from and including the Tranche D Issue Date to the Tranche D Maturity Date.
The proceeds of the Tranche D Bonds shall be funded into the Tranche D Cash Management Account and shall be released from the Tranche D Cash Management Account to the Davie Entities from time to time to fund construction of Hull 719:
(a) as set forth in the Construction Budget Schedule if, on such date, the Parent Issuer (acting as the agent for Cecon 3) delivers to the Bond Trustee an officer's certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Attachment 4<3>; or
(b) as instructed by the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of holders of 75% of the Tranche D Bonds that are Voting Bonds).
For the avoidance of doubt, Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds, the Tranche B Bonds and the Tranche C Bonds shall not be required to purchase the Tranche D Bonds, and purchasers of the Tranche D Bonds shall become "Bondholders" for purposes of this Bond Loan Agreement.
2.6 Additional Bonds. Subject to Clause 6.4, the applicable Issuer may issue additional bonds ("Additional Bonds"), in an aggregate principal amount equal to (i) in respect of the Tranche B Bonds, the Excess Amount in respect of Hull 717 (ii) in respect of the Tranche C Bonds, the Excess Amount in respect of Hull 718 and (iii) in respect of the Tranche D Bonds, the Excess Amount in respect of Hull 719. Additional Bonds may be issued by each of Cecon 2, Cecon 1 (in the event the Tranche C Bonds have been or, concurrently with such issuance of Additional Bonds, will be, issued) and Cecon 3 (in the event the Tranche D Bonds have been or, concurrently with such issuance of Additional Bonds, will be, issued), only (a) in one issuance in a principal amount no greater than 10.0% of the aggregate principal amount ofthe Tranche A Bonds, Tranche C Bonds or Tranche D Bonds previously or concurrently issued by such Issuer (with respect to each such Issue of Bonds, "Primary Additional Bonds") or (b) in a second issuance in a principal amount which, when added to the principal amount of any Primary Additional Bonds issued by the relevant Issuer, exceeds 10.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche A Bonds, Tranche C Bonds or Tranche D Bonds previously or concurrently issued by such Issuer (with respect to each such Issue, "Secondary Additional Bonds"). In no event shall there occur, with respect to any Issuer, more than two issuances of Additional Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt no Additional Bonds may be issued by the Parent Issuer.
22
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The aggregate principal amount of all Additional Bonds issued by all relevant Issuers shall not exceed USD 35,000,000 (U.S. Dollar thirty five million). Any Additional Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1,000.00 each and will rank p a ri passu between themselves and with all other senior indebtedness of relevant Issuer. The registration number (ISIN) and title of any Additional Bonds will be determined on or about the relevant Additional Bonds Issue Date. The term of any Additional Bonds is from and including the relevant Additional Bonds Issue Date to the relevant Additional Bonds Maturity Date. The proceeds of any Additional Bonds shall be funded into the relevant Issuer's Cash Management Account and shall be released from such Cash Management Account to the Davie Entities from time to time to fund construction of Hull 717, Hull 718 or Hull 719, as applicable:
(a) as set forth in the Construction Budget Schedule if, on such date, the Parent Issuer (acting as the agent for the relevant Subsidiary Issuer) delivers to the Bond Trustee an officer's certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Attachment 4<3>; or
(b) as instructed by the Bond Trustee (acting on the instructions of holders of 75% of the relevant Issue of Additional Bonds that are Voting Bonds).
For the avoidance of doubt, existing Bondholders shall not be required to purchase any Additional Bonds, and purchasers of any Additional Bonds shall become "Bondholders" for purposes of this Bond Loan Agreement.
3 Listing
3.1 The Bonds will initially not be listed on an Exchange. An application may be made for listing on Oslo Bors or Oslo Bors ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM") or the OTC-list in Oslo at the discretion of the applicable Issuer.
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the applicable Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.
4 Registration in the Securities Depository
4.1 Each Issue and the Bonds shall prior to issuance be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions of the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Issuers shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Loan Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.
4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuers are under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.
5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds
23
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
5.1 Payment for the Bonds shall be made according to the relevant application agreement or otherwise agreed between the potential Bondholders and the relevant Issuer.
5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Loan Agreement.
6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 The issuance of the Tranche A Bonds and Tranche B Bonds will be subject to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) having received the documents listed below, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it at least one Banking Day prior to the Initial Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Obligors to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Obligors to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorization to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Obligors;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for each Obligor, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of each Obligor;
(e) each Obligor's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);
(f) confirmation from the Managers that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the applicable Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;
(i) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.1, duly executed;
24
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(j) copies of all Disclosure Documents;<rReserved1;>
(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents);
(l) evidence that the EDC Loan has been (or substantially concurrently with the Initial Issue Date will be) transferred in full to the Parent Guarantor and all security interests and guarantees in respect thereof have been (or, in certain circumstances, promptly following the Initial Issue Date, will be) released and discharged;
(m) evidence that the New Shares have been< (or substantially concurrently with the Initial Issue Date will be)> issued in accordance with the Subscription and Put Option Agreement;
(n) evidence that the Existing Bonds and the related security interests have been (or substantially concurrently with the Initial Issue Date will be) amended in accordance with the Existing Bond Loan Agreement, and evidence that any Security related to the Existing Bonds and granted prior to the Bond Security has been (or substantially concurrently with the Initial Issue Date will be) released and discharged;
(o) establishment of the pledge over the Tranche B Cash Management Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the bank);
(p) the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence of the establishment and perfection (subject, in certain circumstances, to perfection promptly following the Initial Issue Date) of the Bond Security (and any insurance certificates evidencing any insurance covering the Bond Security);
(q) the Funds Flow;
(r) delivery of a pro forma balance sheet of the Parent Issuer;
(s) payment <(which may be substantially concurrent with the Initial Issue Date) >of the subscription amount pursuant to the Tranche A and B Application Agreement<Agreements>:
(t) the Completion Contracts as in effect on the Initial Issue Date; and
(u) such other documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
6.2 The issuance of the Tranche C Bonds on the Tranche C Issue Date will be subject to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) having received the documents listed below,
25
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it at least one Banking Day prior to the Tranche C Issue Date:
(a) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;
(b) establishment of the pledge over the Tranche C Cash Management Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the bank);
(c) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Issuer (on behalf of the Obligors and without personal liability) to the effect that all of the representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents are true and correct; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date;
(d) such amendments, supplements or other modifications to this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents (including additional Security Documents) as the Bond Trustee shall reasonably request to effect such Issue; and
(e) such other documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
6.3 The issuance of the Tranche D Bonds on the Tranche D Issue Date will be subject to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) having received the documents listed below, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it at least one Banking Day prior to the Tranche D Issue Date:
(a) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;
(b) establishment of the pledge over the Tranche D Cash Management Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the bank);
(c) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Issuer (on behalf of the Obligors and without personal liability) to the effect that all of the representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents are true and correct; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; and
(d) such amendments, supplements or other modifications to this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents (including additional Security Documents) as the Bond Trustee shall reasonably request to effect such Issue; and
(e) such other documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
26
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
6.4 The issuance of any and all Additional Bonds will be subject to (i) the aggregate principal amount of all Issues of Additional Bonds not exceeding the maximum aggregate principal amount as stated in Clause 2.6, (ii) the Bond Trustee having received a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Issuer (on behalf of the Obligors and without personal liability) to the effect that the principal amount of such Additional Bonds is sufficient to complete the respective Vessel (in the reasonable determination of the relevant Issuer), (iii) the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) having received all documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request and (iv) no Default or Event of Default having occurred and being in continuation. The Bond Trustee will, if deemed necessary, on the issuing of any Additional Bonds make an addendum to this Bond Loan Agreement regulating the conditions for the Additional Bonds.
6.5 The issuance of each Issue of Bonds (including any Additional Bonds) is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuers, the Managers and the Paying Agent that the relevant documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
6.6 On the Initial Issue Date, the Managers shall make the net proceeds from the Tranche A Bonds available to the Parent Issuer and transfer the net proceeds from the Tranche B Bonds to the Tranche B Cash Management Account, as set forth in the Funds Flow. On the Tranche C Issue Date the Managers shall transfer the net proceeds from the Tranche C Bonds to the Tranche C Cash Management Account. On the Tranche D Issue Date the Managers shall transfer the net proceeds from the Tranche D Bonds to the Tranche D Cash Management Account.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Obligors hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders that:
(a) each of the Obligors is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) each of the Obligors has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
(c) the Finance Documents and the Bonds constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto (other than the Bond Trustee), enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Obligors and/or for any Bond Security to constitute a valid and enforceable, perfected security interest in the property purported to be subject to such a security interest; except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the
27
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law);
(d) the entry into and performance by each Obligor of the Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby and the issuance of the Bonds do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on that Obligor;
(e) after giving effect to each Issue, no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Obligors or any of their assets, or which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Obligors to perform their obligations under the Finance Documents;
(f) all documents and information which have been provided in connection with the refinancing occurring on or about the date of this Bond Loan Agreement represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Obligors' ability to perform their duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of all persons (including Governmental Authorities) required for the Obligors in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of Governmental Authorities required for the Obligors to carry on their businesses as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect;
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding, including with respect to environmental matters, is pending or, to the best of the Obligors' knowledge, threatened against any Obligor which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of that Obligor or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) the Obligors are not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which they may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) the Issuers' payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other secured, unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally;
28
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(l) immediately after giving effect to each Issue and the Parent Guarantor's purchase of the EDC Loan, none of the Issuers has any Financial Indebtedness except for the Existing Bonds, the Bonds and Financial Indebtedness owed to the Obligors;
(m) each of the Obligors has conducted and is conducting its business in compliance with all applicable laws (including all applicable environmental laws and regulations) of each jurisdiction in which its business is carried on, other than acts of non-compliance that would not materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of that Obligor or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(n) the most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts of the Obligors indicate fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Obligors and their Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the periods therein specified, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP;
(o) there are no other material liabilities of the Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise), except as disclosed in the Financial Statements, and there has been no material change (whether actual, anticipated, contemplated or threatened, financial or otherwise) since the date of the most recent Financial Statements which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of that Obligor or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(p) each of the Disclosure Documents is set forth on Attachment 3 and is complete and accurate in all material respects, and none of the Disclosure Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;<lReservedl; >
(q) none of the Obligors has distributed or referred to and will not distribute or refer to any written communications (as defined in Rule 405 of the US Securities Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Bonds other than the Disclosure Documents;
(r) none of the Obligors is and none of the Obligors owns or controls an open-end investment company, closed-end investment company, unit investment trust or face-amount certificate company that is or is required to be registered under Section 8 of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;
(s) none of the Obligors, their Subsidiaries or any person acting on their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) with respect to the Bonds or has taken or will take any action (including sale of securities into the United States) that would cause the exemption afforded by Rule 144A or Regulation S to be unavailable for offers and sales of the Bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement;
29
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(t) none of the Obligors or their Subsidiaries or any person acting on their behalf has offered or will offer to sell, or has solicited or will solicit offers to buy, the Bonds in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons, by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Regulation D) or in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of the US Securities Act;
(u) none of the Obligors nor, to the knowledge of the Obligors, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of any Obligors is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of any applicable anticorruption laws, including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any "foreign official" (as such term may be defined in the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of applicable anticorruption laws; and the Obligors and, to the knowledge of the Obligors, their affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with all applicable anticorruption laws and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith;
(v) the operations of the Obligors are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable money laundering statutes and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the "Money Laundering Laws") and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authorities or any arbitrator involving any Obligor with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Obligors, threatened;
(w) none of the Obligors nor, to the knowledge of the Obligors, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of any Obligor is currently included on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (the "SDN List") dated the date hereof and made available to the public on the internet site maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department ("OFAC"); and the Obligors will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Bonds, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, any joint venture partner or other person, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently included on the SDN List maintained by OFAC;
(x) each Obligor and its Subsidiaries has filed, has caused to be filed or has been included in all tax returns that are required to be filed and has paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, together with applicable interest and penalties, and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than any the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the relevant
30
LEGAL US E # 102.03162.3.15<102.03162.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Obligor or its Subsidiary); no tax lien has been filed, and, to the knowledge of the Obligors, no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such tax, fee or other charge; no Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries is party to any tax sharing agreement;
(y) the Obligors have reviewed the Construction Budget Schedule, believe it to be reasonable and attainable, and know of no reason why it cannot reasonably be expected to be achieved;
(z) the Obligors have reviewed the valuations of each of the Vessels, believe them to be an accurate and fair estimate of the relevant values, subject to the assumptions contained therein (which assumptions the Obligors believe to be reasonable);
(aa) both before and after giving effect to the issuance of the Bonds issued on or prior to the date this representation and warranty is made or remade, the disbursement of the proceeds of such Bonds to or as directed by the Obligors, the consummation of the related transactions and the payment and accrual of all transaction costs in connection with the foregoing, the Obligors taken as a whole and individually are Solvent; provided that, with regard to the issuance of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds, the representation and warranty as to Solvency prior to such issuance is made on the assumption that, at the time that representation and warranty is made, this Bond Agreement has become fully effective, all conditions for the issuance of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds have been satisfied and the proceeds thereof will be disbursed in accordance with the Funds Flow immediately after the issuance thereof.
(bb) Cecon 2 is the rightful and legal owner of Hull 717; Cecon 1 is the rightful and legal owner of Hull 718; and Cecon 3 is the rightful and legal owner of Hull 719; and
(cc) other than as set forth in the Financial Statements, including the notes thereto, there are no transactions of any kind between the Obligors and any of their respective affiliates, and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to such Obligor than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Loan Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on each Issue Date.
7.3 In the event of a misrepresentation, the Obligors shall jointly and severally indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered by it and by the Bondholders after the Initial Issue Date and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its and their reliance on the representations and warranties provided by the Obligors herein.
8 Status of the Bond and Bond Security
8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuers. The Bonds shall rank ahead of all subordinated capital of the relevant Issuer, including without limitation the Existing Bonds and guarantees thereof, and shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuers other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.
31
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Each Guarantee shall rank ahead of all subordinated capital of the relevant Guarantor, including without limitation the Existing Bonds and guarantees thereof, and shall rankpari passu with all other senior obligations of the relevant Guarantor other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law.
8.2 The Bonds, including Profit, interest (if any), redemption premium (if any) and expenses, shall be secured by the Bond Security and shall be guaranteed by the Guarantors pursuant to the Guarantees.
8.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, but always subject to Clause 8.4, the Bond Security shall secure the Bonds in the following order:
(a) first, the Tranche B Bonds, the Tranche C Bonds and the Tranche D Bonds on a pari passu basis; and
(b) second, the Tranche A Bonds.
8.4 Subject to Clauses 11.6 and 14.6, after the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, any amounts or property (of any kind or character, whether in cash, securities or other property) from time to time received or recovered (including any such recovery by set-off, account combination or payment netting) by or on behalf of the Bond Trustee with respect to any of the amounts owing under the Finance Documents and/or in connection with the enforcement of the Finance Documents and/or the Bond Security shall be applied:
(a) first, to the repayment in full of all amounts owing in respect of the Tranche B Bonds, the Tranche C Bonds and the Tranche D Bonds (including unpaid Profit, interest (if any), redemption premium (if any) and fees) pro rata according to the relative amount of Outstanding Bonds of each Issuer (including any Additional Bonds of such Issuer); provided that to the extent any funds are received in respect of a particular Vessel, and other Bond Security related to the applicable Subsidiary Issuer, the completion of which was the purpose for which a particular Issue of Bonds was issued, that Issue (including any Additional Bonds of such Issuer) shall be repaid with such funds prior to any other Issue being repaid with such funds;
(b) second, to the repayment in full of all amounts owing in respect of the Tranche A Bonds (including unpaid Profit, interest (if any), redemption premium (if any) and fees and including any Additional Bonds of such Issuer);
(c) third, to the bond trustee under the Existing Bonds for the repayment of any amounts outstanding under the Existing Bond Loan Agreement; and
(d) fourth, but always subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, the balance, if any, to the relevant Issuer(s).
8.5 The Bonds, including Profit, interest (if any), redemption premium (if any) and expenses, shall be secured by the Bond Security and shall be guaranteed by the Guarantors pursuant to the Guarantees.
32
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
9 Interest and Profit
9.1 Tranche A. Interest on the Tranche A Bonds shall equal the Tranche A Profit, which shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche A Bonds or the Tranche B Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.1, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche A Bonds or the Tranche B Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche A and B Maturity Date.
9.2 Tranche B. Interest on the Tranche B Bonds shall equal the Tranche B Profit, which shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche B Bonds or the Tranche A Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.1, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche B Bonds or the Tranche A Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche A and B Maturity Date.
9.3 Tranche C. If the Tranche C Bonds are issued, interest on the Tranche C Bonds shall equal the Tranche C Profit, which shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche C Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.2, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche C Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche C Maturity Date.
9.4 Tranche D. If the Tranche D Bonds are issued, interest on the Tranche D Bonds shall accrue at a rate of 20.0% per annum from and including the Tranche D Issue Date and shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the Tranche D Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.3, (ii) the acceleration of the Tranche D Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the Tranche D Maturity Date.
9.5 Additional Bonds. In the event that any Additional Bonds are issued, interest on such Additional Bonds shall equal the Additional Bonds Profit, which shall be allocated pro rata among the Additional Bonds applicable to that Additional Bond issue. The Additional Bonds Profit applicable to a particular Additional Bond issue shall be payable in cash on the earlier of (i) full or partial repayment, prepayment or redemption of the applicable Additional Bonds as set forth in Clause 10.4, (ii) the acceleration of the applicable Additional Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.3 and (iii) the relevant Additional Bonds Maturity Date.
9.6 Interest Calculations. Interest with respect to the Tranche D Bonds shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless:
(a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or
(b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
10 Maturity of the Bonds, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option
10.1 Tranche A and B Maturity Date and Call Option.
33
LEGAL US E # 1020316?3.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) The Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds will mature in whole on the Tranche A and B Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount) plus the Tranche A Profit and the Tranche B Profit (less any Tranche A Profit or Tranche B Profit that has been paid due to a partial redemption of such Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.1(b) below).
(b) The Parent Issuer may at any time (on one or several occasions) redeem all or part of the Tranche A Bonds (the "Tranche A Call Option") at par (100% of the principal face amount) without premium or penalty; provided that the pro rata portion of the Tranche A Profit with respect to the portion of the aggregate principal amount so redeemed shall immediately become due and payable; provided, further, that if all Outstanding Bonds that are Tranche A Bonds are redeemed, all Outstanding Bonds that are Tranche B Bonds shall, along with any remaining Tranche B Profit, immediately become due and payable. Cecon 2 may at any time (on one or several occasions) redeem all or part of the Tranche B Bonds (the "Tranche B Call Option") at par (100% of the principal face amount) without premium or penalty; provided that the pro rata portion of the Tranche B Profit with respect to the portion of the aggregate principal amount so redeemed shall immediately become due and payable; provided, further, that if all Outstanding Bonds that are Tranche B Bonds are redeemed, all Outstanding Bonds that are Tranche A Bonds shall, along with any remaining Tranche A Profit, immediately become due and payable.
10.2 Tranche C Maturity Date and Call Option.
(a) The Tranche C Bonds will mature in whole on the Tranche C Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount) plus the Tranche C Profit (less any Tranche C Profit that has been paid due to a partial redemption of such Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2(b) below).
(b) Subject to Clause 10.5(d), Cecon 1 may at any time (on one or several occasions) redeem all or part of the Tranche C Bonds (the "Tranche C Call Option") at par (100% of the principal face amount) without premium or penalty; provided that the pro rata portion of the Tranche C Profit with respect to the portion of the aggregate principal amount so redeemed shall immediately become due and payable.
10.3 Tranche D Maturity Date and Call Option.
(a) The Tranche D Bonds will mature in whole on the Tranche D Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount) plus all accrued and unpaid interest.
(b) Subject to Clauses 10.5(d), Cecon 3 may at any time (on one or several occasions) redeem all or part of the Tranche D Bonds (the "Tranche D Call Option") at par (100% of the principal face amount) plus accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Tranche D Bonds to, but not including, the applicable redemption date, without additional premium or penalty.
10.4 Additional Bonds Maturity Date and Call Option.
34
LEGAL US E # 1020316?3.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) Any Additional Bonds will mature in whole on the applicable Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount) plus the Additional Bonds Profit (less any Additional Bonds Profit that has been paid due to a partial redemption of such Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.4(b) below).
(b) Subject to Clause 10.5(d), the applicable Issuer may at any time (on one or several occasions) redeem all or part of the Additional Bonds of a particular Issue (the "Additional Bonds Call Option" and each of the Additional Bonds Call Option, the Tranche A Call Option, the Tranche B Call Option, the Tranche C Call Option and the Tranche D Call Option, a "Call Option") at par (100% of the principal face amount) without premium or penalty; provided that the pro rata portion of the applicable Additional Bonds Profit with respect to the aggregate principal amount of Additional Bonds so redeemed shall immediately become due and payable.
10.5 Call Option Exercise.
(a) Should an Issuer exercise any Call Option, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository) no later than 30 Banking Days before the date of redemption.
(b) Partial redemption of any Issue of the Bonds must be carried outpro rata among the Bondholders holding such Bonds (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).
(c) Bonds of any Issue redeemed by an Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds in respect of that Issue.
(d) If any portion of the Tranche A Bonds or the Tranche B Bonds is outstanding, then no Tranche C Bonds, Tranche D Bonds or Additional Bonds issued by Cecon 1 or Cecon 3 may be redeemed pursuant to Clauses 10.2(b), 10.3(b) or 10.4(b).
10.6 Mandatory Redemption due to a Vessel Completion.
(a) Upon each Delivery Date (each a "Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption Event"), the relevant Issuer (which shall include the Parent Issuer with respect to Hull 717) shall promptly, and in any event within 30 Banking Days of such Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption Event, redeem 100% of the Bonds of the relevant Issuer (including any Additional Bonds of that Issuer) at par (100% of the principal face amount) (a "Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption") plus the applicable Profit (including any applicable Additional Bonds Profit), but without any other premium or penalty; provided, however, that a Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption may be waived by Bondholders holding not less than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of Outstanding Bonds that are Voting Bonds of that Issuer (which shall include the Parent Issuer with respect to Hull 717).
(b) The Bond Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of any Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities
35
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Depository) no later than 15 Banking Days before the date of the Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption.
10.7 Mandatory Redemption due to a Loss or Sale of a Vessel.
(a) If, in respect of any Vessel and prior to any Vessel Completion Mandatory Redemption Event (in each case, other than a forced sale or voluntary sale initiated by the Bond Trustee due to an Event of Default or a potential Event of Default):
(i) such Vessel (or a material portion thereof) is assigned or sold or disposed of; or
(ii) the Parent Issuer's shares in the relevant Subsidiary Issuer are assigned or sold or disposed of or its respective ownership interest therein otherwise is diluted (other than pursuant to a reorganization or similar transaction pursuant to which each Subsidiary Issuer remains a wholly-owned direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Parent Issuer and each relevant direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Parent Issuer is or becomes a Guarantor); or
(iii) the relevant Completion Contract in respect of such Vessel is sold or assigned other than to a Rever Obligor, cancelled, terminated or disposed of (it being understood that the relevant Subsidiary Issuer might replace or substitute equipment contracts with new equipment or equipment contracts, provided that such replacement equipment or equipment contracts do not materially change the nature of such Vessel, and provided further that if such equipment and/or equipment contracts are or are intended to be subject to the Bond Security, such replacement equipment and/or equipment contracts shall be deemed part of the Completion Contract and shall be subject to the Bond Security to the extent practical and legally possible); or
(iv) there is a material impairment or constructive loss of the Vessel,
(each a "Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption Event"), the relevant Issuer (which shall include the Parent Issuer with respect to Hull 717) shall promptly, and in any event within 30 Banking Days of such Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption Event, redeem 100% of the Bonds of the relevant Issuer (including any Additional Bonds of that Issuer) at par (100% of the principal face amount) (a "Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption") plus the applicable Profit (including any applicable Additional Bonds Profit), but without any other premium or penalty.
(b) Other than with respect to the material impairment or constructive loss of a Vessel, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of any Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository) no later than 15 Banking Days before the date of the Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption. In the case of the material impairment or constructive loss of a Vessel, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed promptly upon the occurrence of any such Loss/Sale Mandatory Redemption (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository).
36
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
10.8 Change of Control Event.
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right to require the relevant Issuer to redeem its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds then outstanding plus all Profit pertaining to such Bonds on a pro rata basis, but without any other premium or penalty.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification as set out in Clause 13.1(j).< (the "Exercise Long Stop Date")>
(c) The Put Option may be exercised by a Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of that Bondholder's exercise of its Put Option. The applicable Issuer shall redeem that Bondholder's Bonds on the date that is 15 Banking Days following the date the Paving Agent receives the notice of exercise<after the Exercise Long Stop Date. The applicable Issuer shall provide written notice to the Bond Trustee at least 7 Banking Days before the proposed redemption date, confirming that it has sufficient funds to redeem all Bonds in respect of which a Put Option has been exercised>.
(d) Bonds redeemed by an Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds in respect of that Issue.
11 Payments
11.1 Covenant to pay.
(a) The Obligors will on each Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document.
(b) The covenant contained in Clause 11.1(a) shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.
11.2 Payment mechanics.
(a) If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1(a), the Issuers shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.
(b) Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
37
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2(a) or 11.2(b) above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.
(d) Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuers in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1(a).
11.3 Currency.
(a) If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder shall provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details.
(b) Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, a Bondholder has not provided account details as set out in Clause 11.2(a) at least five Banking Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.
(c) Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
11.4 Set-off and counterclaims.
(a) No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document.
11.5 Default Interest.
(a) In the event that any payment of Profit or principal in respect of the Bonds is not made on the applicable Payment Date, the Outstanding Bonds (which amount shall include all applicable Profit) shall bear< (additional)> interest from such Payment Date at an interest rate of 5.00% per annum.
(b) The Outstanding Bonds and applicable Profit shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to any of Clauses 15.2 through 15.5.
11.6 Partial Payments. If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:
(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents; and
38
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any principal or Profit due but unpaid under this Bond Loan Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.
12 Issuers' Acquisition of Issuers' Bonds
12.1 The Issuers have the right to acquire and own Issuers' Bonds.
12.2 Issuers' Bonds may, at the Issuers' discretion, be retained by the relevant Issuer, sold or used for partial redemption of the Outstanding Bonds.
13 Covenants
13.1 From the Initial Issue Date until the repayment in full of all Bonds and all other amounts payable by the Issuers pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement, the Rever Obligors shall:
(a) immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Default or Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which such Rever Obligor believes is reasonably likely to lead to a Default or Event of Default;
(b) provide to the Bond Trustee the weekly Construction Progress Report;
(c) forward to the Bond Trustee Financial Statements and Interim Accounts as soon< as> they are available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 45 days after the end of the relevant interim report period;
(d) at the request of the Bond Trustee send a report outlining the balance (on an Issue-by-Issue basis) of Issuers' Bonds;
(e) forward to the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of any Obligor, including but not limited to, mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital;
(f) at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents and applicable laws and regulations;
(g) within a reasonable time limit provide such information about the Obligor's financial condition as the Bond Trustee reasonably requests;
(h) at the same time as any annual or interim quarterly reports are sent to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 13.1(c) confirm to the Bond Trustee the Rever Obligors' compliance with this Clause 13, such confirmation to be provided in a compliance certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Issuer (on behalf of the Obligors and without personal liability), and, in the event of any
39
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
non-compliance describing the non-compliance, the reasons therefor and the steps the Obligors have taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance;
(i) immediately upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Bond Trustee of any event that would reasonably be expected to hinder or prevent the construction of Vessels;
(j) immediately upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) if a Change of Control Event takes place;
(k) upon the formation of any new Subsidiary of the Parent Issuer, promptly procure:
(i) that such Subsidiary grants an unconditional, irrevocable and joint and several on-demand Guarantee in favour of the Bond Trustee securing all payment obligations of the Issuers under the Finance Documents;
(ii) that such Subsidiary becomes a party to all relevant Security Documents and makes any and all necessary filings and registrations and takes all other actions necessary to grant in favour of the Bond Trustee a first-priority security interest in substantially all assets of such Subsidiary;
(iii) that the applicable Obligor grants a first priority pledge over the shares in such Subsidiary; and
(iv) the delivery of legal opinions from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia due execution and enforceability of such Guarantee and due execution, perfection and enforceability of the grant of all applicable security interests,
in each case, in form and substance acceptable to the Bond Trustee;
(l) each Issuer agrees, for the benefit of any Bondholder or potential purchaser thereof, that for so long as any of the Bonds are outstanding and are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Section (a)(3) of Rule 144 under the US Securities Act, it will provide to any Bondholder and any prospective purchaser thereof designated by such holder for so long as such requirement is necessary in order to permit holders of Bonds to effect resales under Rule 144A, upon the request of such holder or purchaser, at or prior to the time of purchase, the information required to be provided to such holder or prospective purchaser by Section (d)(4) of Rule 144A unless it is exempt from the reporting requirements of the US Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the US Exchange Act or files reports and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 13 or 15(d) of the US Exchange Act;
(m) if any Issuer and/or any Bonds are rated, or if any such rating changes, without being requested to do so, so inform the Bond Trustee;
40
LEGAL US E # 102.03162.3.15<102.03162.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(n) immediately upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Bond Trustee of any default by any party under one or more of the Completion Contracts;
(o) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of any Bonds in the Securities Depository; and
(p) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Obligors' business, assets and financial condition, and take any and all such further actions, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13.2 From the Initial Issue Date until the repayment in full of all of the relevant Bonds and all other amounts payable by the Issuers pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement, unless the Bond Trustee (with the approval of the Bondholders as required by Clause 16) has agreed otherwise in writing, the Rever Obligors shall:
(a) not, and ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, cease to carry on its business;
(b) not, and ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall:
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations;
(ii) change the nature of its business; or
(iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business;
in a manner which could have a material adverse effect on the remaining (in the case of mergers) Obligors' (as a whole) ability to comply with their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents;
(c) not, and shall ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, incur or permit to be outstanding any Financial Indebtedness, except for:
(i) the obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents and the Finance Documents (as defined in the Existing Bond Loan Agreement);
(ii) the Permitted 719 Financing and any Permitted Refinancing;
(iii) to the extent the same constitutes Financial Indebtedness, debt incurred in the ordinary course of business not for the purpose of borrowing (for example, supplier credit and tax postponement);
(iv) any intercompany loans between and among Obligors which are subordinated and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders; provided that the only intercompany loans owing from a Rever Obligor to the Parent Guarantor shall be (A) those as are in effect on the Initial Issue Date and (B) those necessary to fulfill Distributions permitted pursuant to Clause 13.2(d); and
41
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(v) debt that is subordinated to the Bonds; provided that the amount and terms (including the terms of such subordination) of such subordinated debt shall be subject to the approval of the Bondholders at one or more Bondholders' Meetings; provided further that customary intercreditor arrangements setting forth the terms of such subordination are entered into;
(d) not declare or make any dividend payment, reduction of share capital, repurchase of shares (including total return swaps or any transaction with a similar effect) or other distributions or loans to its shareholders (each, a "Distribution"), except for:
(i) Distributions from Subsidiary Issuers to the Parent Issuer;
(ii) intercompany loans permitted pursuant to Clause 13.2(c);
(iii) following the Delivery Date of Hull 717 and Hull 718, Distributions to the Parent Guarantor necessary for prepayments with respect to the Existing Bonds; and
(iv) Distributions on the Initial Issue Date from the Parent Issuer to the Parent Guarantor in an amount not exceeding the sum of (i) the Parent Guarantor Working Capital Amount and (ii) USD 27,000,000;
(e) not prepay or pay cash interest in respect of the Existing Bonds until after the Delivery Date of Hull 717 and Hull 718;
(f) ensure that all cash proceeds of the Tranche B Bonds, Tranche C Bonds and Tranche D Bonds and any Additional Bonds are, immediately upon receipt by any Obligor, paid into in the appropriate Cash Management Account;
(g) provided that a Permitted Refinancing of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds has not occurred, if a binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date has not been received by the date that is 20 Banking Days prior to the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date, immediately thereafter commence an auction process to be run by the Parent Issuer (and monitored by the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds) which shall last until the later of (x) 20 Banking Days after commencement and (y) the actual Hull 717 Delivery Date (the "20 Day Auction End Date"); provided that (A) if no binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 20 Banking Days after the 20 Day Auction End Date has been received by 5 pm Oslo time on the 20 Day Auction End Date, the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (B) if at least one binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 20 Banking Days after the 20 Day Auction End Date has been received by the 20 Day Auction End Date, the Obligors shall have a further 20 Banking Days to complete
42
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
the sale of Hull 717, after which time, if no sale has been completed, the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (C) the holders of the Existing Bonds shall be entitled to receive information regarding the sales process and any auction and to submit offers to purchase Hull 717 on the same basis and offer conditions as other potential buyers and (D) the amount of any then-outstanding Tranche A Bonds and Tranche B Bonds (and Profit in respect thereof) may be credited against the purchase price in any offer made by the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds; provided that prior to the completion of any such auction or sales process, the Security Agent shall not bring any enforcement action in respect of Hull 717 or the shares in Cecon 2 unless an Event of Default arises which is reasonably expected to prevent the sale of Hull 717 prior to the expiration of the relevant 20 Banking Day period;
(h) provided that a Permitted Refinancing of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds has not occurred, if a binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date has been received by the date that is 20 Banking Days prior to the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date but such sale has not been completed by the Hull 717 Delivery Date, immediately thereafter commence an auction process to be run by the Parent Issuer (and monitored by the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds) which shall last 15 Banking Days after commencement (the "15 Day Auction End Date"); provided that (A) if no binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 15 Banking Days after the 15 Day Auction End Date has been received by the 15 Day Auction End Date, the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (B) if at least one binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 15 Banking Days after the 15 Day Auction End Date has been received by the 15 Day Auction End Date, the Obligors shall have a further 15 Banking Days to complete the sale of Hull 717, after which time, if no sale has been completed, the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (C) the holders of the Existing Bonds shall be entitled to receive information regarding the sales process and any auction and to submit offers to purchase Hull 717 on the same basis and offer conditions as other potential buyers and (D) the amount of any then-outstanding Tranche A Bonds and Tranche B Bonds (and Profit in respect thereof) may be credited against the purchase price in any offer made by the Bondholders in respect of the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds; provided that prior to the completion of any such auction or sales process, the Security Agent shall not bring any enforcement action in respect of Hull 717 or the shares in Cecon 2 unless an Event of Default arises which is reasonably expected to prevent the sale of Hull 717 prior to the expiration of the relevant 15 Banking Day period;
43
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) supervise the construction of the Vessels at Davie Yard in a prudent and customary manner and ensure compliance with the Construction Budget Schedule;
(j) to the extent Additional Bonds are not issued to cover Excess Construction Expenses prior to 15 days following the relevant Milestone Date, ensure payment by the Obligors of all Excess Construction Expenses no later than 15 days following such Milestone Date (the "Cecon Funding Commitment");
(k) procure that any material decisions to be made in respect of any Rever Obligor are first presented to the board of directors of the Parent Issuer for consideration;
(l) not make, and ensure that no Subsidiary Issuer makes, any arrangements concerning the Vessels mortgaged under the Bond Security and their employment which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Obligors ability to comply with their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement;
(m) not agree (and shall procure that no Subsidiary Issuer agrees) to any changes to any Completion Contract in respect of any Vessel mortgaged under the Bond Security which (i) would be likely to have a material adverse effect on the Obligors' ability to comply with their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement (which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, increases in construction costs in a manner inconsistent with the Construction Budget Schedule) or (ii) is materially adverse to the Bondholders' interests;
(n) ensure that no Rever Obligor makes any non-ordinary course investments other than investments in another Rever Obligor;
(o) prior to the delivery, sale or assignment of a Vessel, or prior to the applicable Completion Contract being cancelled, terminated or disposed of, ensure that no Subsidiary Issuer engage in any activity other than investments and activity solely related to the relevant Vessel;
(p) ensure that all material property owned by a Rever Obligor and acquired in connection with a Completion Contract related to a Vessel shall be acquired by the relevant Subsidiary Issuer and be covered by the Bond Security;
(q) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all material property of the Rever Obligors used in connection with the Completion Contracts, situated on the premises of the Davie Yard, is at all times kept segregated and separate from (to the extent practical possible) other property in the Davie Yard and is clearly marked as the property of the relevant Subsidiary Issuer as provided for in the Completion Contracts;
(r) not take any action which may jeopardize the legality, validity or enforceability of the Bond Security;
(s) not permit any Security to exist in respect of any of the assets of the Rever Obligors, except in each case for (i) the Existing Bonds Security (subject to the Intercreditor
44
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Agreement), (ii) the Bond Security, (iii) any Security granted in respect of the assets of the relevant Rever Obligor pursuant to the Permitted 719 Financing and any Permitted Refinancing and (iv) any Security arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business; provided that it does not put the Bond Security at risk of not being, or continuing to be, a Security of the nature and of the rank provided for in the Finance Documents. In the event that such Security exists in respect of any of the assets of the Rever Obligors located in Canada, including in the event of a possessory lien or right of retention claimed by any of the Davie Entities, or in the event of any lien claimed by persons participating in, or supplying goods or services in connection with, the construction of the Vessels, the Rever Obligors shall immediately pay the entire amount of the claim secured by such Security, or contest immediately in good faith the validity or the amount of such claim, and furnish to the Bond Trustee security of a nature and on terms satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, acting reasonably;
(t) not permit any Rever Obligor to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such Rever Obligor's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to such Rever Obligor than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time;
(u) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Delivery Date of each Vessel occurs as quickly as practicable;
(v) not, and shall ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, enter into or suffer to exist, any agreement that limits the ability of (x) any Rever Obligor to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Security on its property or assets or (y) any Rever Obligor to declare or pay dividends or other distributions in respect of its capital stock, except for:
(i) any Finance Document or the Finance Documents (as defined in the Existing Bond Loan Agreement) as in effect on the date hereof;
(ii) customary provisions in contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business; or
(iii) restrictions imposed by applicable law; and
(w) not, and shall ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, amend any of its constitutional documents or other material agreements in any manner that is materially adverse to the Bondholders' interests.
13.3 From the Initial Issue Date until the repayment in full of all of the relevant Bonds and all other amounts payable by the Issuers pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement, unless the Bond Trustee (with the approval of the Bondholders as required by Clause 16) has agreed otherwise in writing, the Obligors shall take all steps reasonably required to:
(a) ensure that the Rever Obligors, on the one hand and (ii) the Non-Rever Group, on the other hand, remain distinct;
45
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) make it apparent to third persons that the Rever Obligors have assets and liabilities distinct from the Non-Rever Group;
(c) ensure that the books and records of the Rever Obligors are maintained separately from those of the Non-Rever Group;
(d) ensure that the Rever Obligors are not named, directly or indirectly, as a direct or contingent beneficiary or loss payee on any insurance policy with respect to any loss relating to the property of the Non-Rever Group;
(e) ensure that the Rever Obligors maintain an arm's-length relationship with the Non-Rever Group;
(f) ensure that the funds or other assets of the Rever Obligors will not be commingled with those of the Non-Rever Group and will be maintained in a manner that facilitates their identification and segregation from those of the Non-Rever Group; and
(g) ensure that any employee, consultant or agent of the Rever Obligors will be compensated from the Non-Rever Group's funds for services provided to the Non-Rever Group.
14 Fees and Expenses
14.1 The Obligors shall pay an annual fee to the Bond Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement<agreements> between <each of >the lObligorsl<Issuers> and the Bond Trustee.
14.2 The Obligors shall cover all expenses of the Bond Trustee (and any separate Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, including expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (as applicable) and registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Obligors and the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.3 The Obligors shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement (and any security for this Bond Loan Agreement). Any public fees or taxes on sales of the Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the relevant Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
14.4 The Obligors are responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders. If the Obligors are required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
46
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Obligors shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Obligors shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
14.5 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Loan Agreement, the Obligors shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds (including all Additional Bonds) at par (100% of the principal face amount) plus all Profit. Such call shall be notified by the Obligors in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 30 Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
14.6 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Obligors' insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Issues and the enforcement of any Security.
14.7 In addition to the fee of the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Obligors shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as determined in separate agreement between the Obligors and the Bond Trustee, but including, for the avoidance of doubt, the reasonable costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee's professional advisors.
15 Events of Default
15.1 This Bond Loan Agreement may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default"):
(a) any Obligor shall (i) fail to pay any interest, Profit or principal or any other amount payable under any Finance Document in each case on the applicable Payment Date or (ii) fail to comply with the Cecon Funding Commitment set forth in Clause 13.2(j); provided, however, that any such failure shall not constitute an Event of Default if (x) it is obvious to the Bond Trustee that the Obligors will remedy the failure within five Banking Days, and (y) such failure is actually remedied within five Banking Days;
(b) any Rever Obligor shall fail to duly perform its obligations under Clause 13.1(a);
(c) any Obligor shall fail to duly perform any covenant or obligation (other than those referred to in Clauses 15.1(a) and (b)) to be performed under the Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 30 days after notice thereof is given to the Issuers by the Bond Trustee;
47
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) if for any Obligor:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), except to the extent such creditor has provided a permanent waiver of its right to declare such Financial Indebtedness due and payable,
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of NOK 15 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
(e) if, for any Obligor;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness;
(ii) the value of the assets (both at fair value and present fair saleable value) is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective and unliquidated liabilities);
(iii) a moratorium is declared; or
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint;
(f) if, for any Obligor, any corporate action, legal proceeding or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
48
LEGAL US E # 102.03162.3.15<102.03162.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on any Obligor's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets;
(g) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Obligors in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Obligor under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made;
(h) if there is entered against any Obligor a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding NOK 15 million (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and does not deny or fail to confirm coverage);
(i) in the event of any material breach of the terms and conditions of the relevant Finance Documents related to a Vessel;
(j) any Davie Entity shall have defaulted under one or more Completion Contracts (it being understood that such a default shall constitute a "Default" under this Bond Loan Agreement); provided either (A) (1) such default has led to one or more Completion Contracts being cancelled and (2) the relevant Issuer has not entered into new Completion Contracts (in replacement of the ones that were cancelled) with a Davie Entity or an alternative yard within 60 days after the Completion Contracts were cancelled or (B) such default shall not have been remedied within 90 days after the occurrence thereof; provided that any such alternative yard and its affiliates shall be deemed to constitute the "Davie Entities" for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Finance Documents and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall have received all such documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
(k) in the event the Excess Amount for any Issue of Bonds exceeds 15.0% of the original aggregate principal amount of such Issue; or
(l) any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Obligors, would have a material and adverse effect on the affairs, assets or financial condition of any Obligor or the ability of any Obligor to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
15.2 In the event that one or more Events of Default occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare all Outstanding Bonds, including Profit and costs, to be in default and due for immediate payment and may
49
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
exercise all rights and remedies pursuant to the Finance Documents or applicable law. The Bond Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more Events of Default occurs and is continuing:
(a) the Bond Trustee shall declare all Outstanding Bonds, including all Profit and costs, to be in default and due for payment if:
(i) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds of all Outstanding Bonds, and Bondholders' Meetings in respect of every Issue have not decided on other solutions; or
(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting in respect of each Issue has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue to be in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Outstanding Bonds (subject to Clauses 8.3 and 8.4). The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub-clause (i) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub-clause (ii) above.
(b) the Bond Trustee shall declare all Outstanding Bonds of any Issue, including all applicable Profit and costs in respect of that Issue, to be in default and due for payment if:
(i) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds of that Issue, and a Bondholders' Meeting in respect of that Issue has not decided on other solutions; or
(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting in respect of that Issue has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue to be in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue (subject to Clauses 8.3 and 8.4). The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub-clause (i) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub-clause (ii) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee declares any of the Bonds to be in default and due for payment pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuers a notice demanding payment of all applicable Profit, interest (if any) and principal due to the Bondholders in respect of the Bonds declared to be in default and
50
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
due for payment, including redemption premium (if any) and interest (if any) on overdue amounts and expenses.
15.5 In the event that one or more Events of Default occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall apply all amounts standing to the credit of Cash Management Accounts to the repayment of the appropriate Issue of Bonds promptly following the Bond Trustee's receipt of a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the appropriate Issue of Bonds that are Voting Bonds.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting and the Bond Trustee
16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholder community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders holding Bonds of one particular Issue or of all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting in respect of Bonds issued by that Issue or all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable (and except as expressly provided to the contrary in the Finance Documents, if a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting in respect of all Outstanding Bonds that are Voting Bonds). Resolutions passed at such a Bondholders' Meeting shall be binding upon and prevail for all Bonds of that Issue or all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable.2
16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' Meetings.
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting in respect of any Issue shall be held at the request of:
(i) an Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Voting Bonds of that Issue;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds of that Issue are listed; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
(b) A Bondholders' Meeting in respect of all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement shall be held at the request of:
(i) an Issuer;
2 ~ Note: understanding is that if nothing else is agreed, there should always be one bondholders meeting for all Outstanding Bonds.
51
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Voting Bonds of all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement; or
(iii) the Bond Trustee.
(c) Any Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.
(d) If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting ten Banking Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summon the Bondholders' Meeting itself.
(e) Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Banking Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds of the relevant Issue(s) shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication (if applicable).
(f) The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Loan Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
(g) The Bond Trustee may restrict the Obligors from causing any Voting Bonds to become Issuers' Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to the Issuers to such effect.
(h) Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds of that Issue or of all Outstanding Bonds, as the case may be.
(i) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder holding Bonds of the relevant Issue, and shall be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.
52
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(k) The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend any Bondholders' Meeting. The Chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the Chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.
(l) Representatives of the Issuers have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuers have the right to be present at the voting.
16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings.
(a) At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond of the relevant Issue owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuers' Bonds. Issuers' Bonds shall not have any voting rights. For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.
(b) In all matters, the Issuers, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the Chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the Chairman being a Bondholder or not.
(c) In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue or of all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable, must be represented at the meeting, subject to Clause 16.4. If less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue or of all Outstanding Bonds under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable, are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed, but such voting shall be solely for purposes of specifying the result thereof in the summons for any repeated Bondholders' Meeting as set forth in Clause 16.4(a).
(d) Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue or of all Outstanding Bonds, as applicable, represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3(e).
(e) In the following matters, at least 75% of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue(s) represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:
53
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) amendment of the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement regarding the interest rate, Profit, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of any Issue of the Bonds;
(ii) any transfer of rights and obligations of any Obligor under this Bond Loan Agreement to another issuer or guarantor;
(iii) any change of Bond Trustee;
(iv) any material change to the Bond Security; or
(v) corporate or business changes in respect of any of the Obligors which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the obligations of the Obligors under this Bond Loan Agreement or the other Finance Documents,
always provided that if the proposed changes affect more than the relevant Issue, the proposed change must be approved by a Bondholders' Meeting of the other affected Issues before entry into force.
(f) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders of a particular Issue an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders of that Issue.
(g) Any resolution that disproportionately adversely impacts the rights or obligations of a particular Issue of Bonds shall require the approval of 75% of the Bondholders of such Issue.
(h) The Bondholders' Meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
(i) The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Loan Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.
(j) The Issuers, the Bondholders and the Exchange, if applicable, shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
(a) If a Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3(c), a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
(b) When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue are represented.
54
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
17 The Bond Trustee
17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee.
(a) The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Obligors of their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or Profit, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Obligors), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Obligors' financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Loan Agreement.
(b) The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
(c) The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Loan Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Loan Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement.
(d) The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders of a particular Issue in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1(c); provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders of such Issue. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders of a particular Issue in the event that any Bondholder of such Issue submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
(e) The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1(c) or 17.1 (d) to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.
55
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(f) The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders of a particular Issue or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders of such Issue.
(g) The Issuers, the Bondholders and the Exchange, if applicable, shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
(h) The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuers' approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3(e).
(i) The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Obligors notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds of any particular Issue to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
(k) The Bond Trustee may forward any documents and information it receives to the Bondholders; provided that none of the Obligors that has forwarded documents and/or information to the Bond Trustee in good faith has determined, and at the same time has informed the Bond Trustee in writing, that such documents and/or information cannot be forwarded to the Bondholders due to restrictions in applicable laws or stock exchange regulations.
17.2 Liability and indemnity.
(a) The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Obligors as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Loan Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuers.
(b) The Obligors are liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee, jointly and severally, in respect of all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Obligors (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) in the fulfillment of their obligations under the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Obligors in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document.
(c) The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a)(i) or 15.3(b)(i) or 16.2(a)(ii)), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who
56
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.
17.3 Change of Bond Trustee.
(a) Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
(b) The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Obligors pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
(c) The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement.
17.4 Appointment of Security Agent.
(a) The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent in respect of the Bonds.
(b) The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding the Bond Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Obligors and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Bond Security.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuers shall be given the opportunity to state their views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agency Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Obligors and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.
(e) Any changes to this Bond Loan Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Loan Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee and each of the Obligors.
57
LEGAL US E # 102.03162.3.15<102.03162.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(f) If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Bond Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Obligors.
(g) If (1) a Buy Out Notice is provided (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) and (2) the Security Agent receives from the Second Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or its nominee or nominees an amount equal to the Buy Out Amount (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) and in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agent shall without undue delay transfer all the rights and obligations under the Bonds to the Second Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or its nominee or nominees. The Security Agent is authorised and instructed by the Bondholders to take all steps necessary to effect such transfer, including instructing the account manager or custodian of each Bondholder to transfer the Bonds registered with the Securities Depository to the Second Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) or it nominee or nominees.
(h) Without limiting the generality of Section 17.4(a), the Bond Trustee is hereby appointed to act as the holder of an irrevocable power of attorney (fonde de pouvoir within the meaning of Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Quebec) of the Bondholders in order to hold hypothecs and security granted by any Obligor on property pursuant to the laws of the Province of Quebec. The execution by the Bond Trustee, acting as fonde de pouvoir of the Bondholders, prior to this Bond Loan Agreement of any deeds of hypothec or other security documents is hereby ratified and confirmed. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 32 of An Act respecting the special powers o f legal persons (Quebec), the Bond Trustee may acquire and be the holder of any Bonds. The constitution of the Bond Trustee as fonde de pouvoir shall be deemed to have been ratified and confirmed by each Bondholder by its subscription, purchase or other transfer of the Bonds and by each successor Bond Trustee upon it becoming a successor Bond Trustee in accordance with this Bond Loan Agreement.
18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community of Bondholders. By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Loan Agreement (which pursuant to the second paragraph of this Bond Loan Agreement is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, included, but not limited to, taking any legal or other action, including enforcement
58
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
of the Issue and/or any Bond Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding;
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository;
(d) this Bond Loan Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:
(i) the Bonds of a particular Issue rank pari passu between each other;
(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Loan Agreement, act directly towards the Obligors and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Obligors, however the foregoing shall not restrict the Bondholders from exercising their individual rights derived from this Bond Loan Agreement;
(iii) the Obligors may not, based on this Bond Loan Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and
(v) an individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance.
(a) The Issuer of a particular Issue may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations with respect to such Issue discharged upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):
(i) such Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and all Profit on the Outstanding Bonds to the applicable Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the parties hereto;
(ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the parties hereto;
59
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iii) the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;
(iv) such Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer stating that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by such Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of such Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of such Issuer or others; and
(v) such Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of each Obligor or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of such Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets, including of each of the Vessels or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.
(b) Upon the exercise by an Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2(a):
(i) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.1(a), (c), (h), (j) and (k), or as otherwise agreed;
(ii) such Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Bond Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Bond Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(iii) any Guarantors shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantees, and the Guarantees shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;
(iv) any Bond Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause
60
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and
(v) all other provisions of this Bond Loan Agreement (except as set forth in (i) - (iv) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.
(c) All amounts owed by the Issuers hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Loan Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Loan Agreement on the due date thereof.
(d) Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, Profit, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuers.
18.3 Limitation of claims. All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Loan Agreement for payment, including Profit, interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.
18.4 Access to Information. The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, have access to the Securities Depositary for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depositary.
18.5 Amendments. All amendments of this Bond Loan Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise expressly provided for by this Bond Loan Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Bond Loan Agreement, the Bond Trustee and the Issuers may amend, supplement or otherwise modify this Bond Loan Agreement without the consent of any Bondholder to effectuate the issuance of the Tranche C Bonds and the Tranche D Bonds and any Additional Bonds.
18.6 Notices and Contact Information.
(a) Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuers and (if applicable) the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata.
(b) Any Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee or alternatively through the Securities Depositary with a copy to the Bond Trustee and (if applicable) the Exchange.
(c) Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee
61
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the recipient;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by telefax, when received.
(d) The Issuers and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(e) When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Loan Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):
(i) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.
(ii) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.
(iii) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Banking Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Banking Day.
18.7 Dispute Resolution and Legal Venue
(a) This Bond Loan Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
(b) All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.
(c) Clause 18.7(b) is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.
62
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
19 Eligible Purchasers and Transfer Restrictions 19.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the
United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A. Each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Parent Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Obligors stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. [The Bonds may not be purchased on any Issue Date by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.] 19.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), or (e) in another transaction that is exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements set forth in the US Securities Act. The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued< be traded in Canada except in compliance with the prospectus and registration requirements set forth in applicable Canadian securities laws or pursuant to an exemption from the prospectus and registration requirements set forth in applicable Canadian securities laws>.
63
LEGAL US E # 102.03162.3.15<102.03162.3.16>

Oslo, [------- ]<19 February>, 2013

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Rever Offshore AS
Name: Title:
Cecon ASA
Name: Title: Cecon Shipping 2 AS
Name: Title:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Bond Trustee
Name: Title:
Cecon Shipping 1 AS
Name: Title: Cecon Shipping 3 AS
Name: Title:

64
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Attachment 1 - Compliance Certificate Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date] Dear Sirs, I refer to the Bond Loan Agreement dated as of [-----]-<Febmarv 19.> 2013 made between, inter alia, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Parent Issuer (the "Bond Loan Agreement") under which this Compliance Certificate is issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [·]. Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Loan Agreement. With reference to Clause 13.1(h) of the Bond Loan Agreement, I hereby certify that: 1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which
would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Group since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you; 2. the covenants set forth in Clause 13 are satisfied; and 3. no Defaults or Events of Default have occurred and are continuing. Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited][quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed. Yours faithfully, Rever Offshore AS
Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]
65
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<102031623.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Attachment 2 - Construction Budget Schedule
66
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Attachment 3 Disclosure Documents
67
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Attachment 4 - Officer's Certificate for Release of Funds
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date] Dear Sirs, I refer to the Bond Loan Agreement dated as of [-----T<Februarv 19.> 2013 made between, inter alia, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Parent Issuer (the "Bond Loan Agreement") under which this officer's certificate is issued. Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Loan Agreement. I hereby certify that: 1. the release of USD _________________ contemplated to be made on or about
___________________________ complies with Construction Budget Schedule; and 2. no Defaults or Events of Default have occurred and are continuing. Yours faithfully, Rever Offshore AS
Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]
68
LEGAL US E # 102031623.15<107.03167.3.16>

14 February 2014
<EXECUTION VERSION>
INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT in respect of Cecon ASA
Rever Offshore AS Cecon Shipping 1 AS Cecon Shipping 2 AS Cecon Shipping 3 AS
between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

1

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

TbeHtIwSeIeNnT: ERCREDITOR AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made on t-- K Februarv 20 > 2013

(1)

A3N4go2rres6ek2m4Tei(lnilnitts(iatmssacdanepnfainAceiStdyAba,esaloBcwoo)nm,dtphTaernu"ysFtiienrsectoarSnpedocraSutereictdyuriAnitygNeAongrwte"n)a;tyuwnitdherotrhgeanFisirasttioBnonndumLobaenr 963

(2)

A3NF4gior2rsrets6eSk2me4Tcei(ulnilnrittits(yiatmssAacgdaneepnnfaitn,AceitStdhyAeba,"esSaloBecwoco)num,drtpihtTayernuA"ySsgtieenececnootanr"n)pd;doarSaSnedteeccduurriniittyyNAAogrgweenantyt"uwnaitdnhderottorhggeaentShiseeacrtoiionnnditnsBuocmanpdbaeLcroi9tay6n3as

(3)

879CRn978uee129mcv,oe67bCn7r8ee79OrA,c96fSoC9f5sn1Ae0h,cSo7aoa8hrnne9dicpoSA6Cpm8hSien5ip,pcg.aaopnn1icynAoSgimnSh2c,piopAaarpnpSciyono, rgmaiantpcc3eooadAmrnpSyinpo,iarnNaanctoyceorodrwinpmaocinpyoraarNwptneooiytdrhrwainintoaecryodNgrwaopinnirotwihNrsaaaootyterriowgwdnaaitinnyhniswuNoamirottghirboawenonarriysgn9aauw3tnmi8iotishbn8ae0otnri3roug8nm5a999nnb5iues3,mra2t99bio9e1nr

WHEREAS:

(A)

saPrbeeceuscctrwtuosaruertedeeadadnnn,tbtchtaoeoemndawOesnibbtdhiolniegndatodhrepsalorniaatndenncrdimpraetagshslreteaaoeFmtfemirodtshe,utinnsSsttueAdpocgapufrtlreeueidtpemymteoAoenngnUteeotSn,drtD,athotbrher3oe1uo"7ttOFh.t5ibehr0lsreiw0gt .odi0sBra0esto0ehn1ma.dh<ove3edrL1eifio7isoea.sfd5un(0eaf0dsrAo.0gamm0rnae0dty.ei/>mombreeegnutaoatm"r)teaimnnmdteeaeeddiden,

(B)

AAGaipnnrsgutoeyravsrereioedaescfenmtut,dthereciewetonyistftA"hotf)sog,re(rraiiegnntnheoctdeelmiunredgeoaxi)nlbnpiatlge(i,gtn(otatahshgsteeieeostdinfhnoeasedlfnlireonodbwtefhatditeenlhldgeii"nnnFsedOtiesehrbcssbelutitagerFinIodtnyidrrnsd:seatesunbBsnytodeaanednndrdndteLohasoetlhslaeo"Fn)rbirtolAshigbtgealriBtgeFiooaeinnrtmisdsote,nnLSsliotae;rabcetniuhfliirnteAiietaygs"nrF,cAeiiiergnnsmgetetneroGtenrshutrtea,aapsdrnaleadbnfceattienheuegnelt

(1) pledge over the shares in each of the Rever Obligors held by the Obligors;

(2) Vpeersfseecltsed; and registered ship mortgages on, and security interests in, each of the

(3) perfected and registered hypothecs in respect of each of the Rever Obligors;

(4) cpoenrfsetcrutecdtionseocfutrhitey Voevsesrelsth; e materials and equipment earmarked for use in the

(5) mpeornfeecttaerdy acnladimresgaisritseirnegduhnydpeorthaencysoofnt,heasCsiognnsmtreuncttsionof,Caonndtrsaecctsu;rity interests over, any

(6) Tpaasrusrasigtgenreampehisnstsl(o2so)sftoinp(sa5uy)reaaenbcoaevnedin ardedspiteiocntaol finesaucrhedofinthereVspeesscet lsofptrhoevidcinogllatthearatlthliesteBdonidn

(7) suhpiopnmreogrtigsatrgaetioanndofdaeneydVoefscsoevleinnathnetsroevleevraanntdshiniprerespgeisctrtyo, fathpaetrVfeecstesedl;and registered

(8) a first priority pledge over any insurances held by each of the Rever Obligors;

(9) a charge on any intercompany debts owing by any Obligor to any Obligor; and

(10) security over substantially all of the other assets of the Rever Obligors;

doaaDlnotlohdcoceunurrmwemfiseirstesnaetnttaeptstrdrie"io,o)lnarsaitutesypcdtpirnheleteafoamtsivnaeaogmnnu,tyreedoems,sfettarhaceyebufilrhniFistaayihvrnsienctrgeeSb,dleae,etcrirnneuegcrpaiotlnyartdodcAienmgtdghea,,enyotcrh(FotoeionrtrshgefiteeramrtfIhwtnieenidrsrgeebt,bhemteeeaovd"mFdindeiieferinssendstdceSinfd(regt,ohcmreeuosrtr"iitmtFayptie"err)sdetpto,sueaStrrimsmveuienecang.undrteitotdoyr

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

(C)

AAdSPreaggeuptrrcreleesaueeuchriammeetyndreete,Annotgttoo,,fer({nttathhhtos,eeetthmh"es"eaSBerywecoOoicbnsbnoedeldingadomLmaromsoeBadnehonidnfaniedevdAdede,gdiLrsrfeeroasoseanumtdenmadteerAteiadnmgsn,ttrsedaae"/tm)eoetormdemgneabutdinodmaetnerd"eadnabaltineonnedatdewndaretecoeascsgengoteacrrettudtehheradeeemn,rdcesOwebnubiotpt}whlnpigddilteotashhmrteseinetdhntaFehtonieerndsdteta,otrmhBmrreeooasfunibnSndoaoteunfcoLtcooftethnhaudidenps,

to [NOK/USD XXf cUSD 122,000,000 plus any PIK interest which accrues thereon>.

(D)

AAdGSGeseguufcraaaseureuraeralcitntmnuyttreieenAiteetnygeterfsAAoen"gsrg)ttrtr,hhe(eiaeenecsmcomolsbubeetedlnsinegitnntaag"t(nipaoadtrsnnhodsevedixdoetiopefnfigedtndhneeeewstdbheiOtteehsirbd),nlnwiign(ettiothtosehresgrsetahuatSlheinnaeedd,crFeothiartnrhesntdhetyfeoGB"alSlSuooneaewndcrcdiaonoanngnlLtdledoseoBeabncoIAnluniggdrdAiarteeygtLbi:erooetmneaesndem,nnAetel,ignasrtbtse;hi"ele)ittmhiet"ehesGen,u"tSaiSanrenteaecdcnrooettnenhsdtede,

(1) pledge over the shares in each of the Rever Obligors held by the Obligors;

(2) Vpeersfseecltsed; and registered ship mortgages on, and security interests in, each of the

(3) perfected and registered hypothecs in respect of each of the Rever Obligors;

(4) perfected security over the materials and equipment earmarked for use in the construction of the Vessels;

(5) mpeornfeecttaerdy aclnadimresgaisritseirnegduhnydpeorthaencysoofnt,heasCsiognnsmtreuncttsionof,Caonndtrsaecctsu;rity interests over, any

(6) Tainsrusresigstenpemec(eutnnotsdf ethorefthicneosSlulaertacenorcaneldliiBsntoerndedsinpLeopcaatnraoAgfgreareapechhms eo(2nf)tt)htoies(l5Vo)seassbspoeavlsyeeperoavniddiandgdtihtioant athl einsBuorendd

(7) suhpiopnmreogrtigsatrgaetioanndofdaeneydVoefscsoevleinnathnetsroevleevraanntdshiniprerespgeisctrtyo, fathpaetrVfeecstesedl;and registered

(8) a second priority pledge over any insurances held by each of the Rever Obligors;

(9) a charge on any intercompany debts owing by any Obligor to any Obligor; and

(10) security over substantially all of the other assets of the Rever Obligors;

all on second priority in favour of the Second Security Agent (together the "Second Security" eahrreensalfdtvaianetbiantlonbigsgceheeteiodntnh,gteha,rreenrpedwSlcaiometchrceadodyitnn,hgdheo,erIcrnFoeoditanrhesffebittrertmwerSdiiebnsncegeeu,samreismtvoyie,d(dtniheftidehneeecd"diSnf,"rgeSorcemoeosrcnttpuaidmrtreeietSdsye,t"eo)racvtmiupinmrugeirtensyo.dureDaodnothtcaeutnromwdiedsreeonsctrstuea"ml)taeetadens,dtastthtouieopanpnsleaycmmsreeeeacntumtienraidgtyy,,

(E) Whenever used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meaning:

"inAdfifrielicattley)" Xmaenadnsa,niyn ortehsepreecnt toityf awnhiechntiitsyC"Xon",traonlleydo(tdhierer cetlnytiotyr i"nYd"irwechtilcyh) bCyoXntororlsY;(danirdectly or

wa"mCrharoaeynnthigtnerecormllut"hder(enointu)acglosuhhrdationhrtgeehheotorhwwlednieseterers,srmhtaoigpr"(eCoi)efocmvnaoetsrtnoitntl,olgervdsoc"et)oicnnumgtrreiotaialegnstrhse, eebtmhyceaecsnorttinignothgrrat acoatrfnroamdrnogdareebeemildittehynao, tnr,dasifririferdtaycentlpglyeeetortmercreeionnntrdt is(rowiemfhcttiihlclayhe,r dvoreoirrstetihpnceegtocmrrtisgathoojotrsrtiohtiynteh, aeoorgfpeteheqnerueairdtvainiarleglmecnteaotenrodtsifnfoigfcrineooarfstnhthcoeeifraaelmnqpeueomivnlibactieilteeyrssnatorooerffofoiawcbnelniyrgeseresodnfottaoiftnyacneownmeitntiphttyliytyw.or(hii(i)ciiiha) pgptihvoeeindtmioraer ncretaiomgneosmveweniatthl,l,

tChaepFitairslizt eBdontedrmLosaunsAedgrbeuetmneonttd, eafsineindehffeercetinonshthaell dhaavteetthhies Amgeraeneimngenatscisrifbiresdt etontseurcehd tienrtmo.s in

1 To be confirmed.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

3

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

NOW THEREFORE:

1 CONSENT

1.1 AAamtgetehnnetdhmreeeqrneutien, saatfsteoarfptcpholeinctaOabibnleleig,do,brytshtehaenFdiOrsibntliSgceoocrnsusrioidtfyetrhAaegtioeSnnetcocofontndhseeSnectcosuvtreoitnytahnDetosecxouemfcteuhnetitosSn,,escrueobgnjeidsctrtSaaetilcowunaryiotsyr toDotoheceaurwcmhiseeonftsdt'hepearlitForiwritsyitthiSneinacllusrrueitcyshpDeaoctcsmutmaonetnhneetsrcbaoesrrinemgsparoyengdbiseintegnreeSdceecasonsndad/roySr etfoicleuderintaysnuDdreo/ocrtuhmneoetFnatirrsiss.tedSeacnudr/iotyr

1.2 dTuhee rFeirgsist tSraetciounritoyfAthgeenStewciollnpdroSceucreurtihtyatDitosccuomnesnetns.t will be given in such form as will enable the

1.3 AtDhtoetchuSemerceeonqntusde. sSt eocf uthreityOAbgligeonrtscaonndseinntcsontosidtehreatgiornanotifntgheacnodverneagnisttsraotfiothneoFfirtshteSeFcirusrtitySeAcguernitty,

1.4 tThheedSueecorengdisStreactiuornityofAtgheenFt iwrsiltl Speroccuurirtey tDhaotcuitsmceonntss.ent will be given in such form as will enable

1.5 TDhoecupmaretinetss amcakyn,oswulebdjegcet taonCd laagurseee1th.6a,tctohnesFtiitrustteSiencwuhriotyleDoorciunmpeanrttsaasnindgtlheesSeet coofnddocSuemceunrittsy ttSoScBmooabeeogastlccihednegoueetd,ahnrihtrdieStineyoorefnfSelAwcadsreogvieetcnoheonrudsuncftr"rtehit)IthonseayeudfnhFtDnedheFibdorertsiteehcretsSruiedntBemsnhtScoueoeouncesnlrdh(csdtiit)hsu.eydotrrhisAsoltdeyhcgeoaueFArflmslnitgr,htsmeeet(tnhnseSteutSasebnea"cjacBneutsodchorntiettntdtyhhodereDeIhtynhsoodhepcrleodeeupbllecdmarttoreetiesvevrdnes"in)sttoesiourosifnsgntshhhdstheate(ssetlrhleFesamtFiunrfi"eoscrdSsatrhttenhoIdcnbItnhoodhlidecenegeurbaderbmtteieitnoBesed)npdnonasentnesncesdodtsasihfvssinoetahtl(nehderthidaeegecSyhrh(seti"rsi")ceFsoaaulitarhnnncsthdeeddt

1.6

TSDInheodecceuubprmtaietyredtnianetnessdsaas(cniikdi)snbtohfeuwecnlaedSudaesgmceeoeonnafd,ntaadSllmyeacogdunriergfifeteyorttehDhnaeottrcf(turih)omintmhegenstth,gsetrhmaenFaitirysrsdctoifoffIennSrsdienteictgbuuttrreeiitgdyshnetpespusaisrnsrautahtaneendtaStnmeodcutushdrteiistybtFi,enitrchsstetegSpSraaeernccatuostrenitoldyyf

ttAScacrBplphhieqllnrrgeoaaeaosiudnecnsitpvmicaosnddjaieudingisathplfclenidgtoaeotadidirolldorog,deisnrfStiaegnthpitrnisraephneristbetecherseaocuu-sFetnpucSthrvtiiyierehroieatamseyteenlclitpdlutdmsuilOBboeaiArcnseenniobgtlgohdaynleeiafoiiigdamnrcnntlfeolhhttottseelirrboeatnes)lrlelye,tseadoiSindtnstnmerpihegtgtdrruteracsaeoeattnudenocsnaSrreeipdetizantethdheyaacdceiseoecsntoiiitttisnogSvnhhiOofgnesdeeetsbflh,uecretplSehfioingnfcrBcreienotolceloaeaacdpirSenindsoswomedSncs.ndsescehtideeort,Tu,oied(coffroSluiaoidncfstolreyrleflieiatruttc,tropyaihisrumwasatmi)raAhds,irishttmeaooghyep(ptruetoleruthAdtnehnaueretcgfettptndsfhhleeoahteesacnFsoisenfrttetfwisrdurteeaehsoaiiacisnbntgsanrtttgyyennrytobiShobactefsibehrneulcsieiaannectkepeSignrgumnneadiekrnotisrsiarhcotttawupyleooarlotpelnentaecft,tctAhdcnldttctahoyeodgglieBao,mmfeejtsfutohsinFhsnsnnepiteniesardihooseosnherspatrxledoltvonadSs-tseledpfrdeapetnnsbeiecgeeccetyturruFicsytntserhtitrioehieriaooaotsidnesnysrtrtf

oSnrineveetdeeccurreoecstnoissndtagth(IrnwytehdhetFeeoibtcrhstleeatefdifSrmeneocecrotsuursnar,oritetetaycnaoAtdlhlvgoeetewhrneyeintdSotaefemontcrhtooeauonlnldfSotetwsShcaieoosbctnhlusedere)irtSnwybteieeAscnfeguocerrreeinet,ytcaeeAhnivegvyereeenddnbitsyiotfarrainsbrcdueukccttnhiheooeinvwtuaSlierbsendlecomgovebanesyddretahhBnieanodmsnradetgthhosreopetlehedecesetfrfteesoox.cftttutehrnonetf

2 SUBORDINATION

2.1

tALBbouonotatynhnndeochAltopagllriirdmimeoeerirtemsopdfaemytnaoamtn,,yyetahhnntaetyyvpiSnese,eefuccpaolurlnenrdiinsdtyecIinndnatodsoacehunrbmoyftuefetdcuannurnteersyrs,eosaan,rngcdagaynuiandatlshrlaatacnnttlhayteetihmoeetOssh)betSslhrieghadcoatoorltclsnhuaeddmt eaFeSrliilnrvestticintmrugeSrelieatfsyrtcoebumdAerigttftyhuehelneAlrytegSsteaoeunncbt(doionanrcnSddldiuenBdcaFoiontiennrgsddd,t

Bondholders may have, at any time against the Obligors deriving from the First Bond Loan

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

AaClimbgreoritedueeitdtmtOhtoeep,npdta,oanrttytheuesnheiFetcieiruressrotitIfyInnbvddeeoetswcbtumetemeednennntteshtssesMo,OarasbgntluedigaroarFransunyntaedone)td.hseYarondrdokctChuarmet decinet trOtraepinlpaotLeretduttntehirteieArsegtroFeue(nimndce, lnuLtd.Pidn.agat,endbduoYtnonorokrt

2.2 tThheeFSiresctoBnodndSeLcouarnityAAgrgeeenmt eirnret,vothceabSlyecaognrdeeSsetchuartitaysAlgonegntawsilal nnyota, munoluenstsispeorumtsitttaenddiunngdeurntdheer First Bond Loan Agreement and this Agreement, accept or receive any amount.

2.3

sgfdaEuuuonalclacychuirhnaomOnOtchetabbeenslelrithiggsdroo)oeo,rrlfacbthauthyeenmedryeeeaStabnhcneytehdcrfroueeoanltlltloaylhdtcees(liBrudanobOicmtnlohubdsredldigriuineLnongotarod,atee(nbt(srhuinteAthacgnenl"uSroyedFtueaiinlbrinmmsgodt,eirtBndaeboltdiul,nntdtadtoehnt,ebeLoatdot nlSailaOyinembcsbAiiotelliegitncgidredueasrettiotIimayon,ndnedadesnonb"tocy),ttuehttsmhdoeeenertcehnouFsetbrissrilts,ipygotraariIdonntgoirdoducpenauaabsrmatyneomnyedwtneenoetneesdthtsseo)stio.n,rr

tsAaLhosofetaetrrnerurqesAthultegeeevreseaotesnfco,mtcrScuetohrenrlecelteunorcrecrti,telteyheveaAnangfSnodeterncdcbetouoonranindnndgdahBcotorchelndoecdeuercniLsvotoenaoatnfpnindtahAuyoeagmttrhFieeoeienrnrsmtstsoeeIfoncnnadut,neraeyebcdatceecopdvhuaennOrnetttisbeosolsifgfataodhnnrededsfaSShduaeuellcbtll,ioovunirefnddrtdhinseeIuanrctdeSthehdebepctOaeuFydbriirmnltsiygeteaAsnBtsgitoo,sennantdosst wappritophvloiicsuaiotbnlrese,doutfoctghineisgthAeogrrrewaeiftmfheecatninnt.yg ninecaensysarmyaennndeorrstheemelinatbsiliotyr ootfhseurcihnstOrubmligeonrtsuonfdetrranthsefero, thbeurt

ttAaaaerLooespnmofstcapyteapphonlripaoeeclltpmwcAaehtlbceigeoScotlrrueaeefeao,n,bcdenctulSbsemdc(ruuu,bireettbreuyanrnwoctnetfAreiwdontdhogircivict(nroeeehieiaunt)doh,tatttueeoatnrfhtdenodeaSrddreOrnedueqatybcuocoupoilronniipsirgnnbegluaidgolcbitnogeaimoBtaarthainoctoaieitcshonnfccfndcealoOatocnotuLiobntmdnionlttistihasggn(oeoBnouifni)dranFAtotth(roaiiAg)eore,nsr)snpetyiFpntaeoIoeimyrnmictfscdsatateoaendonInlnblnnifyetys,td,ececSaeerttdrmhbuevtanhetbtenoeeieoondusdSnrtsnlndiee,aoteicsnan(bfsiufn)aiosdrlrditeitirenetyaccyfdSetneaohdA,eiuOvfeclagestSbonneudleundaicngcndomhtatodnoteinOIesinosdsrobdnuautfleIcsuhibnegbhtemdaahoteencooriFtdhbdrbuiicnrtlznetsOilegoeadtdsbadienmaBsltireip,gooastsponnhnasilrddesnys,, other provisions of this Agreement.

3 RANKING OF SECURITY 3.1 sThhaellsreacnukriitnytghreanfotellodwuinngdeorrtdheer:First Security Documents and the Second Security Documents
(i) first, the First Security; and (ii) second, the Second Security.
3.2 The ranking in Clause 3.1 above applies regardless of: (i) tahneyodredfeerctofinreagniystroafttihoen,fothreegdoainteg;of notice or the date of execution of any document or (ii) when any indebtedness is incurred or any security granted; (iii) any fluctuation in the outstanding amount of, or any intermediate discharge of, any indebtedness; or (iv) whether or when the lenders under the First Bond Loan Agreement or under the Second Bond Loan Agreement are obliged to advance any indebtedness.

4 SECOND SECURITY AGENT'S UNDERTAKINGS WITH THE FIRST SECURITY AGENT 4.1 IFnircsot nSseidceurraitytioAngoefntthtihsaAt:greement, the Second Security Agent agrees and undertakes with the

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

a) tSheecuSreitcyo; nd Security shall in all respects be subordinated to and rank after the First

b)

aSitnewyciulol,rfittfyhoerAthSgweeincthtonthudpeorBenoonfb;decLoomaninAggareweamreenotfothreSehcaopnpdenSiencguroitfyaDnyoceuvmeennt tosfndoetfifayutlht eunFdiresrt

c) it will not take any action to enforce any of its rights and powers under the Second Bond daSLenoedmacnoaunAnnddtgilr:Ipenaedymembeetnentdtonorefesaxsenrwyciitmsheonroeersyspseeescket cttouoreeaxdenrytchiesSreeecbaoynn,ydsruigSbhejtesccutorrittoyreCm(olaetuhdseieerst2hinaarnbeosivptsee)crtiugonhfltethsteos

(i) aDfotecrumaellntms ohnaevyesbeaenndpaFidirstto tIhnedeFbirtsetdSneescsuritsyeAcugreendt inbyfullthine caFsirhs,t orSecurity

(ii) the First Security Agent has given its prior written consent thereto, or

(iii)

tAAarheggecpeeeenniFrvtti;oierodsdprtrtooahSvfeiewd1cFe8ruidi0trtrseittdthnyaBaynotososrnutdhitcchhaeheoslpdoeaeeflparrsisppousldiaccerhsadehbedaflervliolleimgnOneotbnttholtrilegufynoddpreaauftitrasesauuntliihtnynesgftroiomFlrvmeieermsntttheht adSeoiteertScshuesewruciFitobtyhnijredsAcrtegtSSsetpeenoecct uucahtrrnaiitttoysyy

insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding;

such period defined as a "Standstill Period".

d)

tsaSounebtdcimjoepnceodt wianSseiertspscruaourbvintsiyddoeAeludrgteetinhndetC;islFacriuresstteioSn5,eetchnuefroitrFyciresDtooSrcmeucmaukereintytasAnygwecitnlhatoimmutsayporraioterxaencryocntisismeuelatanatyniodonffrwiotsmithritgimthhtees

e)

ssaSuituupnewcbpdcihsrleolotnranvpdntaoahcltrSeteaoyesfcsSfstiuaerihgsrtceiintstoy,fenFaAtndcirragttseonetSrrsniySenftecgethuroc,eriuniiprttrtyeilotweuydDnhagAdeonegercereauo;bgnmryrtoees(tnenhutmoesctrhewttnooiptsaebwarentidytyhiuswpnotihorltlehesaceeosFroomirpnfspaaatlrybntSylyyweocwiwtufhiitrithtihtstohyhuereiAgtldoght)bhetsleniagotnaprditnriooisobfnuorlsibgrwmjaoertcfiitoatttehnntnedos

f)

AtecithoagaercrgreherOeescmbepasloesignentohdt,raiinnst'gaaauocnptbcyoroloimwgrvdaaaisattiiivinoocecnnaresslloywofufiacntthnohdneteehsrveSteiCtetnueclttareoomunfsdsadeetsBhwfoaea1nur3iedvlt.oe2uLfr(,nogsad)ohnefaorAlsrtl,hug1ecere3hxFe.c2imere(shpvet)tenBintnoo.tfnthodtehfLecdoaeaFsnfiearsAuotlgtfrBaeuoewnnmddaeeivrnLetotr,haoinenf

4.2

sTSourhepeclipuqSoruiertidytc;aaotnnioydnoStpherecorucrpeiteeyrdsAiongnge)in,ntt,choaengvtreeaselitdsinittgyh,,aietnxitatesnnhyta,pllrponecoreftee(cdatniinodgn,h(iepnrrceiloburyditiywngaoiravneeysnfioannrscyoelvraiegbnhilicttyyto, o)bfcaaonnnkytreusFptitrcosyrt

4.3 TsoihfmtehileaparOretbnielcisguohmresbrresathonacalel,grooenresathnhayaltla, psusenertmitltitothaesneryceuporaefyitamsneAynfSftileiinactfoeunslldtinoIn,cdgaersabhnteotdfontrheepsesFrumirnsiltteaIsnnsdyietsbhetaecsdungriertyas,ns,tleiendno,nooerr tgScnFooroierantascncntcutuoyeIrnirmdtSrdyepeeiAnnlbcitegotlcyedenodntdnwhntt,eierBtatrhsohevsenwfe.odnirStThthiaeoooncgnltdoyhreanoernrdefetptashSxus,itosereasncnuCsu,taelrwtainhntuiytatisohttAoerotghupo4eetrr.in3olapitmrssriaothiytagvianrilrlsiegleeieonbsasneunoslttysrhouoeaofbfnttthjacheaenuecnrymtyirmtsbioagermmhacCtuneoloarcduiruetinaysrt,toeseenmllirey7esen.1pcude;rcoyeihrvcaoeeavtddsahisienblearygtbetolseonerctnsduoetimsectthnurbeicrbreeauFnttaiehcrrsdeeet

4.4 TSreheaecsuoSrnietaycbolnDydoacpSupemrcoeuvnreittdy sbAhygaetlhlnetinFacgirlrusetdeeSsetcthhuaertitytfhoAellgoSeweninct)og:ndlaBngoundagLeoa(norAglarenegmuaegnet atnod seiamcihlarSeecfofencdt

g"liNeranonstwteaidtnhdstotsaetnhcdeuinri[gtSyeaicnnoytenthrdeinsSgtsehcgeurrraeitniynteAtdogeitnhnetf]acvaoorneutrreaoxrfypt,rhe(eas)sFl(yiir)sstthuSebejelciceutnrisatynadAndgseusnbetocr(udarsiintyadteienfitnetoeredtshtiens

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

6

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

tgdohphraefueatrraensenIdutuneyantdaendrsrtietcgotrorhoeftiNsdof--ooirtsrroiusn1rrrkbe<AcjemTFogcienelrtlebnidtterseyoummcatbtaiehroyvnnenntt2hwl0ireAmei,t>Sfhie[tSAa2rtrteh,0ieoce1idnno3[snFtiodt(isaarsnsbSctdeaeaBlpcompoauwrnecro)dini,tvtydyiLsienAoiaodcagsn,lnuesrbdneAoiotnsg]nftgrdaotethreletieredmaun,nsIesntyanetmeate[]nrSecadaenrnnecddsdodeenid(tcsidoiue)rarctnBiAhutdyoegrinrtrieyedenxehstaeemtoagrrlecdeteeisennsdtrttes,,,] tttsaSmFhhhumieeeearpscronptteoInnenltnIegerotndmemrd,raNseceSsnrbnoeodeettrtefedcs(tduidfkbhtoonr)erioTrettythrisAhIlnolseigAitttnserh(goemaretebchesrnarlewmiedtng,ideensaIninfetttihitontAoeemresnSrcdAhsoAOradge,iolbnirldfefliaiegitgetthshoodomeervrfFeesrAIo[irnnrOgnmstatr.ebtenartldeicSnigmmrdeoeaecredtfshufntii]toerltoii.ahttrtyiteemAeIrrnAdgmeegr,tuseheenteehnnodemttefei,tter"ivheINnesnissthnot)eatrAftsrrlooolgckfmrbrtehaeTeeenditlmsiylimietutoescxbemnrotoetAnar,tnodfngttlii,hnncrteeatiamenAtbteedemSerttAmiewonp,nesatttehhra"ot)neesy,f

AcBporgyonrveistiseesmnioatncetqsnout,otihsf(ietitihi)osenaugIbnoroetreredhrciontrhlaedatdiintoitgniot rowoAffilgal[rSnbeeyeecm[ubBreooitnunytnd],dsa(]in,ibid)yeaapaucanthyhdmo[wrBeizionlelnt tdpaahnrkoodevldiindneoesr]dtrasufchoctatiroltlinhnsebtehc[BeodoneInnterdtmaerTreycrdruteostdotetitheo(ei)]r Atss[oBuegocbreenujenedrcitmhtetyoretlaodnignet]etar.o]nntdatfhnoeidnr th(Iainevct)ceboraocrcndrkedandhnoioctwoledrleewAdrsiggtheraenteadhmneodetthneaetrgmrraessseecsotuhefracethutdertihptyeaInrtat[ieBegrsoecnnruedtnddaTitenorrudrtshAtoeegner[]eFbeisremhshtaeaBlnllfota,nolsdafosLsouathacchtne,

TpLboeheaernmneffioAitcrtgiehargereioeeiinsnmcgoeunfrprstre]uonicvnchisefaipoovrnorosrvisioassrfiueotahnniesnc.tO"eenbodlifge[odFrisnasaannacdniasilunIcdnhudcebebomtneeddnhntoeltsdose]trhsuenadr[eFeirrinsthtteeBnod[SneeddchtoohnlidrdderBpsoa]nrttdoy

4.5

a(liiq)pupildyatiboTonhtheinpbrreeolfavotirsioeionntasonodafntyahfiOstebArliggtrhoeere(maonecn"ctIunr(srinoeclnvlcueednicnyogf,Ewvaeintnhyto")u;btalnimkrituaptitocny,, Cinlasuoslvee7n)cyshaolrl

o(iif)an InsthoelveSneccyurEitvyeAngt einnat cschoarldl aanpcpelywdiitshtrtihbiustiAongsrememadeentt;o it following the occurrence

eniI(nniixoidd)cneee-bbcptatteesdtdhionfnetetchhssoesesn;,SseisedxucetecurhnaritttiyoitnhnAdaegtinbetthneretdeonsrpreeesaasclnitzywaotBiiflolonannndopyhtrooobclfedeetehrrdeersdeuFcaceirreeisvdteasIbcnytdaueatdhblliatysettrdaidbnpiuepststliiroseibnduotitrniootwnhthaeerudnSfsoteilrcsmouanncodhdf

ta(hinve)d FirstthSeeScuercitoynAdgSeencturreitaysAogneanbtlyarnedqtuheestSseicnoonrddeBrotnodghiovledeerfsfeschtatlol dthoisallCtlhaiunsges t4h.a5;t

a(vni)y propthoesaSl epcuotntdo StheecuvroittyeAbgyeonrt aunnddethrethSeescuopnedrvBisoinodnhoolfdaenrsy sjuhdailclicaal sotrthseupirevrovtiessoriyn apurothcoereitdyingins rreelsaptiencgttoofanaynOy bilnigsoorlvaesncinys,trupcrete-idnsboylvtheencFyirsotrSerechuaribtyilitAagtieonnt. or similar

4.6 tThheepSroevciosniodnsSeocfuCrliatyusAege1n.3t(abg) roefetsheinSfeacvoonudr oBfotnhde LFoirasnt SAegcreuerimtyeAngt.ent that it will comply with

5 FIRST SECURITY AGENT'S UNDERTAKINGS WITH THE SECOND SECURITY AGENT

5.1 InSeccoonnsdidSereactuiornityoAf gtheinst Athgarte:ement, the First Security Agent agrees and undertakes with the

a)

terhexescpemeeacdtxtitmhheeurmaemopfo;ruinnctipsaeltaomutoiunnrtefcroitaml (tiAm)epltuostiimnteerseesct,upreredmbiyumthse, FcoirssttsSaencdureitxypsehnaslel snoint

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

7

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

b)

aSitnewyciollo,nfdfotrhStehewcFuitrihristytuApBogonenndbtetLhcooeamrenionfAg; gareweamreeontf tohre thheappFeirnsitngSeocfuarintyy eDvoecnutmoefndtesfanuolttifuyntdheer

c)

wtShereitcinFugriritsyitf SiDteoincctuuernmitdyesnAttogsee(ntxhteewrci"lilNsenootatiicnfyey"to)hfewithSseerricegouhnptsdonoSretphcoeuwripteyrrosAvogisfeioennntsfaosorcfseoCmolaneunastseusnpdr5ae.c2rtitcthhaerboFlueigrsihnt

5.5 will apply.

d)

toahbcecliegFdairetsiostntSsoetuchunisrditeAyrgAtrhegeeemnFteirnsstht;aSllencoutritayssDigonc,utmraennstsfetrooranoythoetrhweisrepadristypousneleossf itssucrihghptsarotyr

e)

ttFhhieersftruigBllhortnisgdhotLfoothafesnuSAcecgceroesnesdmioneSneatcsauarreintydpAawigdheeonnftfcuolanridmreesdr etdheuemeSetoedctihonenfduFlliBrsiontnScdaesLchou;arinatynAdAggreenetmuenndtehrathvee

f)

ttarhhefeetseuSrsltuaeorlclpfomltunhosdeneS(ieixfesecarsunceryiisc)tyeuorAoefgfdaaentnnhyyte.soreufmbthysehiwrarhveeiscphbeemcetniavyeirrbreiegvhohtcsealdubnlybdyeprathtidheeinFFifriurssltlt SsSheeaccluul rrbiitteyypDAagoidecunomtvaeesrnttosa

5.2 The Second Security Agent, in its capacity as Bond Trustee under the Second Bond Loan AAtAannhgooggmegmteriecornFieeenutigrmenosa(etaeftt"etn)oSh."treeBaTmncumBhouayeuomryiyutOiyFnnaOieuttArsuetagottsneNf)ASynaomoettl,tfciloimcauoumlerenlni,"toyt)abbnwufteeAtotieyhtghnrsateiholnrnfeetstoec3pewcfFaBuirtiiprthlarl,steentopdokfrSFfiontbeihavrgycseidNtuDetrrohBiaigtteowyyihcsnrteAsFidtotighabrefseonynrtnleddgtcSce,ioeovrebsriincpnel,fiutgqigrirbumasintyityraiopeoittatniDoitolsdhenofescitnashtuontemrrtehataeBshanmpneunsetyofsec2SuOtren(BotuctthoaftoeetnnNhqiktdeo"uiBnt(aiSoBgculreeoytD.ncotoudaOtrsyhiiuttseysitf'

5.3

tNrruhiegnoemhdntFeeertdiroosiaeftdnstBeyhiomneonarFfdenihtsrdhsopetlepdScaeFteyriosrcmsfustetrhhinBteaytollFonAbdfigresaetLnneoIytnn,atdimnttheleoebAdntgeBetrdoyoensneteadmsskesTeecrnwuautrnistehtoyedraeretechs(txeiupoernenrecdcbtietsoytre,oethsnaouefnrobyFrsjeceiFrecseitrtkasttBnotSyooCneoedlcafxuiuLetrssiortecyariinsg(2eohAttahsgabernaoerynvtehdemraipganehonn(wtdtsi))e(irootiiss)rr

tsSShueeeccchuudrrariitittgyyeh)Atf(sagthlelaiennngtd"EtotrenetnfmhoeerBcdSaeineemkscioenanngsdt DiStSadetyaecsenumdraitsfsytteiArlrle"gt)ahesuenontndt(ialat,hbteeslyu"obnFnjeeirccwsetthstLioscoahtrnhytgehteoSprtpNoorvpoeitssiDcieoearnvtswee"a)ot.hsfeCgvilvaaeulunseeboy5f.4tthheebeFFloiirrwss,tt

5.4

pBLDIfaoauthnynrigeknthignSSegtetohBcDpauotaynDyfdOuaprtuSeteht,ereAitcohrmude2roi0ttSoyueBnApcatagotnyoenkdnitanhtngSe(aoeDFmrciauriotsyrsutitpySnneoteArmecigoquiednurn,ieattytelh(AteooogrrEteihntnnseoftmonBoroincunmeyeoimenrOseebu)ene,ttfAohoSrarmetsnaoo5ngumpdinvmsietntnitelNoleawetshwi)ble,liYnwcFdooiilirrnlnsktghtitnaiSmcuveoeeecmtauoomrnfiutaiyttprmhtApheelgeynFe.rtin2rtst0o.t

5.5 tFIofitrhpsetayLSotehncegonBSdutoySpOecDuutarAtiteym, AothgueenntEtton(oftorhreictseFmniroesmnt tSinSeecteaunoridrtysntAoillmgweinnilelteonsno),olhoranbsgeenfroortaegpi5pvpleymn; paNrobevwiniddYeinodgrktchtoaimmt emif oi(tinm) ttehhneet AwtsSccOSphhooagetheuaammyecetnlonFlttAmmdhhntihmrseeiidtsatttommroitvBlStluethLeeuhewnoennyec3tnittlu0SOltgSworbebiuBetiySctteytcahhotAtoAneohnranmekpgdeFdiientnoDihSrnSgsSusiaerttenteadtDc(cetSctoueaotuperoradynriacitnsitdtytrsuhfydtoayrAenSiArft(gottyieFhgetie)mhciAaerrnetusitnthgnthrtteecier(etSeotoyneoFemrutdAocilipdardtaurssgautietrnneyrrniietdoSnnooytaemhtegnmAsreci(toinwguoonhnBeerherfeiaenutiescyibs2yttu,sh)ol0AycOtrghhtngBhubinevoeaeet2oemnnSA0msNtekeimnixiahBoncnepoatoeagbieecusnenicenDndskontdt)ieawnroSitdgnygotaenigvpestcotDoehencumgsearotrceiiiiyovmtnaorFyedeenmpibnArdefiesilminsigttrcbimd)ienmtoyS,itnnedwoeetttg.nhhcidt(ateeuhocitanRroorFiytsEteemiyiutprngslisycnmaAfathontyfrgeiooSrtdtemrcbhlmlveleneioeeencimtswn.ndunsBeieiirtnnnuientotgggoyy)tf

5.6 tThhaet tFhiersyt wSiellccuorimtypAlygwenitthatnhde FprirosvtisBioonnsdhoofldCelarsusaegr1e3e.2in(gf)aavnodur1o3f.2th(he) SoefcthoendFSirsetcuBroitnydALgoeannt Agreement.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

8

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

5.7

tNaS(IhnDpuoadipctrtewerhbaocittcprtheeitrvsidisoeatntanrte2eincs0wdtsi0(iooan2unsg/rl4edoas7mnunr/EeacyashitCpnhups)iltn)rteogarionpmnutroytithasitosetthiafoentpunhdsecesieornhmdangasta,rlsilannetirenhtytsnehnsteooerrFetwEpidfraoUrsuoyrtctphtDfeiSeoiirtrenntteeyctcrouhc,trifihvsaitaaeylAtlrleggoroAernordegrepefbiimannmyrtaetptnhneoscethdf,iaaetFfhlloilterhrcsenotaSosSlleFateclitorceoshnunrtagardSviltaeyeIascnDrutdarhoareneicntbyyugtemSrAeidgemgenhceneeottnnssntsttd'ossi.f

tttvacaoarIhohneaobvptiehdsslnopifuluoeeitirFAtedalrrboyteiaigsrtptnfetschnrroreitledoiancoadSenmtnestatemiehehokbsceeanoeesyournfnpendraywtiaeiotndnaybanreayomnuyyasDsuytenasboownrndenaticfog,fitesotus(tshhsnBrmustrocetso)euceuetdrsshscmtntiuhhosptaoalaesctrnrpolcnhilroynpppoteanrrrenrsratoooeahgrstctrppttepeuyuitfcreipelorittpoarnlaitinintotefctyteitniraSoouoramab,nenntnlahac(d,bedAoonelaetnr)lneenrrahoednr(kwoiotsaitroi)rflhuIldtdirnicoppaziiesdisaeultmtrlcecthrdsiypvsbhoeon,oauetanneoladfer,ruedtgtenexheneeottbeetpenrtthyoghnorsfSeootsafewetvr.ansrhaciceaudniebezoyfceyriamnlthoieottSdmieytroefehmnInonscentisufnfodootocnehroahrhrdcbefoesmtotaleIihFdmntmpadhieidsrepnneirselnrsnaeArtobwtersSgptasreiorpesrcedicfeorcatenooiurtoaimcentor(nhneisisntie)ayysei(sn.titd)bAtotei,SuanigFsnrtreageeoetdcnsanrwtoouylthtninnhiczta(oohdheeei)ttf

6 PROCEEDS

6.1 AcollmpprroiscienegdtshereSceecivuerditybsyhaallnybeSaepcpulireitdy aAsgfeonllto,wBso: ndholder or Obligor on account of assets

a)

fSSarierceesccccteolooyirvnn,deddianrnSSocreereecscawupunreryiititchtyyot tfAohAtfhiggsaeeelAnilnrtgctarohgoesaeertssnmattnseaaynnkadetn;rnedecxaeinpcivetireonenrssepoaserfctiaetnnrcoyuifnraosrletflrducthocbetsiyoitrsnthaaeognefdFtnhietresxatpsFSeirneassctceuSosrientyicsnuecArqugiutryereenAndtcgobeeryntahtthnaienyt

b) soef cthoendFlyir,stinBoorntdowLoaardnsApgareymemenetnto;f all First Indebtedness in accordance with the terms

c) tohriradnlyy, riencreeisvpeercotroafnayll oofththeer icroasgtsenatnsd; expenses incurred by the Second Security Agent

d) fourthly, in or towards payment of all Second Indebtedness in accordance with the terms of the Second Bond Loan Agreement; and

e) tfhiftehrleyt,ot.he balance, if any, shall be paid to the Obligors or whomsoever shall be entitled

7 REDISTRIBUTION

7.1

sSeIneietthtcthleoeernmddeeivrneeBtcnototnfptdhaaalylLtmaothmaeennotSu,AnesgtecsrotenooeudfmftsoSetreanccntoudomrinirtpygtehAunegnseadStneieotrcntohorpenaadnFyyimSrsSeetcenBuctsoor,inntytddhrLDoBouooagcnnhudmAhegoenrlnfdeoteesrrc,mereepmncrieeto:nirvtetiosn arfeunllayl tipaoannydmtofeitnnhate,l

s(iu) cthhepaSyemcoenndt, tSoetchuerietyxtAegntenittisshaawllariemmofetdhieatsealymen,otaifnydthe First Security Agent about

w(iia) srerpeacyeiavecdorbreystphoenSdeincgonadmSouenctutroitythAegFenirts.t Security Agent, to the extent such amount

8 VARIATIONS TO THE FIRST BOND LOAN AGREEMENT

8.1

TvhFaohirrewsiateFtSivoireenscrtsut,Shriaaetymct usDeurnioctydchmuAvmeganeeritnnastttsioomwrnassityu,hpaoaptumlateenpmnyrdeiotmnirmtescenottnoassntuohdlretfasrFtouioimprnspttlwiemBmiotehnetdntohtseLtiomsSaheenaclaAlogngnrdoreeteeSbmweecietiuhnnrctittohyanenAsdOigs/eobtenrlingta,tonpwrysriotohvfitdthheeed

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

9

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

AAapCmmrgglaoaeretvueuninsesrtd,eiimtoymsanecde1sntan3itnott.eig2fs((tio)ohgfirnr)iwssrohettAhridecege1nhrm3teieni.enp2rsemct(tirhdrouee)ncnaionttssit;fooectnp)hhs.sreeoodovrFuifadiltrecehscdteoeBffSluteohernretacdhotFeenLsirdrosttahthBnaIeontAndathgdemerhbeootpeerldtrmdiiseonearresntcsi,otossn(nahospsarerl(lionini)fbtileewoef,fhfreteiphccqahetuyoiaSmrnemeedtcehnonfetondorddsfaaSitnntheeyteectrhtueeirssritmty, s of

AscaSapuonsrneipnoyctihtpnroeiaelttnemeyndmgFdptoriSelraaasnetllthtletcpsedSduaoesrrricbthectyuyuaolemlrAftlvihttegafhyirsneneoAtntmAsgFtSgeiesaerrnsxhenctetaedocIlmmnlnuadedeatfetneyneIdntbtrer.dtepereeaudxibnsernttosceoeunudsasatsniunboecatlnsyhntsodbr,aeeatmqonhdurdeeeitrnoeteFhdmiiemtrmoseeStpdmnSleetfcaesomoic,rnenusttdnharuiteitpn,SypspetDluhuecceorumphcrroeiutevsynmlaeatDrsetiioanvoaftetcnistouhdrnamiisgsnoeh,dtAhntasgsetmsrhareeanadenldnolmddcrpmaeutrnnhmieoktenertitiontnsietsboser

9 VARIATIONS TO THE SECOND BOND LOAN AGREEMENT

9.1

vTShaoherewciaoeStnivoedencrSost,nhedaacmutSrseieutnyccduhDmriovteycanurAitmasgteeioonnrnttsssum,wpaapimtylheeaomntuedat nmnptyrseiotntiromtsctehooenarsnsSudueltpcfarpotoilnoemdnmtBewimnoittenhsdttsohLheotaimalFlnienrAsoatgtgSrwreeeeeceamukwreeiitntnyhtAtathhgneeednF/Otio,rbsrpltaigrSnooyveriscdouefrtdihtye

Agent's or any First Bondholder's position in an adverse manner.

tacpFigomoohnsrotistterhietoniensnstapotoauiornfrntyprhiogecpshoretoFvsfieoirlosneffta,tthSnhpitseea,cyCuFumnlirariedstuynetstrASetoagefk9ecii.unnn1rgtt,e,itaryoaenrcAsytetgi,nvaegmemnnatoetntinunodtrfhiamtdeyneedafinnaadtsutvwetlrethuorsicsrchtehiaroelmnlidnsaeaclmnrwoenfpaaettyhsiroseeansbnFesdoircrdshbtaeeeceBdscmouuenlebeldedjehroatocrottlewdtwseoheritcsthahh.ekeeapndrditohsreor

10 MISCELLANEOUS

10.1 tTooorrimeapexaneryitrsicaooiltshfeeetxhraeesnrcueyicssphseoepownofcewaerneoiynrrotprhirogisrwhigtAehhrgte.orerreerumignhedtnethr,esbrhueatulnlnodoepfareirplaurtreeeclaousrddeaewalanayyivooentrhttehhreeorperaofruft,rotnhfoethrresehxpaealrlrctaiiesnesyhosefinrthegtaleot 10.2 AlmanwoydiipnfyroianvngiystiohreneleirnveamthnaitsijnuAinrgigsredpiecrmtoioveninsitosphnrasolhlo,ifbatishteistdoAbsgyurocehreumjunerlianswtd.ficutlioonr,unoennlyfobreceianbelfefeuctnivdeerinanitysealpfpwliicthaobulet 10.3 FDIniorcscatusmeSeeoncftucsro,itntyhfleicDtteobrcemutwmseeaennntdst,choistnhAdeigtiroSeneescmooenfndtht iasBnAodngadrneyeLmtoeaermnntssAohgfartelhleepmrFeeivrnsattilB. oorndthLeoaSneAcgornedemSeenct,utrhitey

11 NOTICES

11.1

SaBbEneoeadcnccohdutmhrioeLteyfosdatDhanaoetwecAaupugrmaprereoeteionnemftswsteh.hhneSiectu,rhhecaFthioptirpbsnheteoenctSiricaneeemgbc,yueoinrafiategyawarnaeDcreehoesvcceoutanofmstteheno,enofsttdhshif,eayafplSalepuesaeplcctnoehiunncnigdofdyttheBhterhoeretnrheadenosafLt.etsouroarmoennsoAfoagsfsrutehcpeehrmareceevtnsiecptnaeotbcroletifSvdaeeefctfFeoairnrusdlittt

11.2 oErvemraydneotbicyeeo- rmoathil,erlectotemr morutneilceafatixo.n under this Agreement shall be in writing and may be given

11.3 ttEiemvleeefraybxennonutoimcteifbieeodrr sobptyheeictritfocieotdhmebmeoultonhwiecra(optioranrstuiescshhahloletbrheeetors)ea:ndtdtroesthseorretleelveafanxt pnaurmtybaetrtahse madadyrefrsosmortimtoethteo

(a) to the First Security Agent:

[PN.Oor.sBkoTxill1it4s7m0anVnikaASA

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

10

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

A0FE1ta-tm1cn6s:aiiOmOl:lisalpeloo:Ns+yt@4g7åtrr2du2]st8e7e.9n4o 10
(b) to the Second Security Agent: [A0PFEN1ta.-tOmo1cnr6.s:asiBiOmkOl:olTisalpxeliolo:lN1ist+4syt@47mg70åatrr2nVdu2n]iskta8Ae7eS.A9n4o 10

(c) to the Obligors: [Contact details] <<<cNP/.OoO-C.48eB0co1oxn1A6Are5Sn>Ad>al> <<<<ANEFta-otmx:r:waIv+iala:4vr7>pHo3.s7Ht@0a6lcve2oc8ros9en9n.n>>o>

11.4 AEregvlereevreyamnntoeptnicat,ertbyoe,ridof etbheyemer-ecdommtaomilhuoanrvitceealebtifeoaenxn,swrheahclele,niveexredcce,epiifvtbesyod.lfeattrear,swohtheenrwdiesleiveexrepdreaststlhyepraodvdidreesdsboyftthhies

12 LAW AND JURISDICTION

12.1 This Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law. The courts of Norway shall have exclusive jurisdiction over matters arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. The Oslo District Court (O slo tingrett) shall be the court of first instance.

13 COLLATERAL AGENCY PROVISIONS

13.1

ttTceaBIIhhnnonaooeaddvdcnteeehdsabbantehogttsaLeecefrsnoddeutehtannersSteensees,essOcstAcosstouuhgbnbaroherliiedjngotreyeidlotcSdpimrot,weisanntecuyiolhsnolcnmettnodah,berdneneeenasrdbltIilStdynhhaoeedeaiggsfcrelnrdrausabAedturntiegiaoecttmyrnsndhpe.dneeteooTOenrmffdhsttobtshiseehsrleimnetsgurpteioSanbapftrnedourr'fsteccertoieeemurtrrhsdterthiiehssttoyoeepbhbfsAyeeteFhcrgtanethitierhnsieiesvnnedfteAi.tt,tBgFShoraoriiefgeernnsahceddmtltulm,truphLitIettinoreytuenladeaSstneAlefeabguanAcntergetugdtnrhadrretieenni,tenyedremtsmesAcfuseourgeebntveunsjeteansrttnecntaisatndhnhen,etdotottrtolfehadtohtbeneharetydrnehsdaSSdohfceeeuuefccccrrnFetooleahdpinnirrenetsddes,rrt

13.2 tUhpeoSneacnodndduBrionngdthLeoacnonAtginrueaetmioennot,fsaunbejevcetnttootfhdeepfarouvltisuionndserstehtefoFritrhstaBboonvde,LtohaenSAegcruereitymAegnteonrt wtSmheieathcyOuterhbixtilsyiegrADocrgoissrceehueemtmhreeeebnnrytstig,whotahtrsievSeaeFnciprdosrentrsdeSemeSnceetumdcriueietrnysitty,DpdorDoecovmucimdauenmeddne,tnisnptsroto.hrtiTeSsoseAtcthogoerrneadeenxmSyteeenncnotutt,irpciateeynrmodDfiotaitncenudythmkbeeiynnrdaetspsi.nppelciccoatnivbneleecFltaiiorwsn,t

13.3 Saangudebnjwetcilhtl,etsoreu,ubanjneddcetri,ntofaothcrcethoperdroabvneicsneieofnwitsisthso,eletthlfyoisratAhndgarbeeoxevcmelue:snivt,etlhyeofStehceurpitryesAegnetnatnwdilflustuerreveBaosndchoollaldteerrsa,l

2
Confirm contact details.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

11

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

(a)

taScaphrncoeeecdwcaeoFetSpenirrtesdds,cteatoShSnnneeedtdcerceurruSeuririenmntitytcdyoeueD,dDrriiho,teoyocspcludDuegm,mrorfeamocennrunamttmteisnsdeitataansnointndsord,,bapaSlivinrgdaeocamictlleutaoiicodnbntniil,dnsesgeteStxuoraeenlacrildtcnuseuidrsernitecyetdhuenaDerrfnio,todyFrcpcisueruesumnrtsbafeoSujlelnraeccFtncsetitu;rtstthrhoiteteySroeeDirntcoiotnue,crrcuaietonmysndteDsnn,aeotlrcclsitguliiaohemnntnseds,wntisth

(b) tananekdceetsahslelalFraywirsofutrlSaaedncvduisrcaitobymleDmtooecrupcmrioaetllenyctstreoaarnsdpornSeasebeclreovneadcittSsioesncesucrpuiteryirtmyDioitntceteudrmeusentn;dtserththaitsiAt mgraeyemdeeenmt

(c) dDeolcivuemr eanntds raencdeiSveecnoontdiceSsepcuurristyuaDnot ctoumtheisntAs;greement and the First Security

(d)

tsromoiegroltholhr,ttteshga,easFprgsiwrioegsiwents,ee,Strcerseuocxsalueltenrridcdctytei,sreDeeadmososcbereuedemmnineebefsfolni;ecrtc,isaefraoytnrheadecnSldroiegsichenotssonundraa,nSnidncesercteuitbmrueitteyendeDileefiocgsciaaoulrfmypareoosnrcetlescoeusadsrneindpdgaistpyseawoertit)ythhwe(irirntehicsnlputreeedrscienptsgettosca,,t

(e) erenmfoitrcaesmpernotviodfeidtshseerceuinritayllinctaesrhespt;roceeds received from the collection, foreclosure or

(f) eSxeeccountde SanedcudrietylivDeor caummeenndtms eanstsfrotomthtiims eAgtoreteimmeenatu,ththoerizFeirds;t aSnedcurity Documents and

(g) SrDeeoleccaousnmedeanBntosynidlfieaLnnodgarnaasnAtrgeerdqeuetoimreietdnbhty.earenbyyFairnsdt SbeycthuerityFiDrsot cBuomndenLtsoaanndAgSreeceomnednSt eacnudr/iotyr the

13.4

ttdaSEphhugoeaeerewccinnhodeFgtnirrOidrteahstbchnteBltediirogoSenoancoedruofc,otnhuLhfwterooiinrtatirhetyuihntebayyADnfiuOngcoilrelbrcrteehlupiegoevmomoofwnerceasaenann,mrtbst,looeeyfrfvaoocesnirnofnudtsnhtbtushestocthetihfitpetuuudStOtereiSepobsfcoaenliuascug,rneoloitatdnryos,udafonAtcphrdSgapeeierenoirrrnciynitutttihsnrt'srsuegioteytdwhoFiaseuniDrnctsSnrodttehacetemulBciaomuotwenern,efirtdumnfuyrltpossALaom,ogtontaeofttnoittnrmhhntieAeetsaagynAkto-rodeiecgncter-aieumfamnaernyecremyetnoanewtfcacnfiitenottci,hndregaartfhnnuaoaddellrtll

OaDpobpclirugomoprreiianstterseoqaurcittrihoeendStaoencddoontoadneSdxeefcacuiulsrtiettyoaDdnooycuaunnmddeenartltslh.deoccouvmeennatnstsaannddinpsrtorvuimsieonntssowf hthicehFtihrset Sreelecuvarintyt

13.5 tASUhgeprorcoeuunegrimhtayne1An2egt,veoeanfnntthtdbisoysfAothdgeleorefnraeegumqlautesisnuistnt:eudceBhrotdnhedefhaoFuldilrtesstrhsB,aolalnnnddotsLuhobaajvneecAtbgteoreetnheemcuperrneotdvoisorirotnhwseaisvSeeetdcfooirnnthdwirnBitoicnnlgadutsoLeotshane1

(a)

taDihtnoebdcySuptmherocisecuneArtiestgy;dreAianenggmdesneatnsst,hitaamnlldahyaedvaeechethmoefatrhpigephrtFoapirnrsidtatSepeotcowuerpirtryototDeicnotscatuintmudteeennatsfnodarncmedatShineetcaroiingnhdstusScvehecssuutreiittdys in

(b) the Security Agent may, either after entry or without entry, proceed by suit or suits at law oacolrlmionrp,eeqfrtueoinmtyt jttuiomriesedntifocotritcoimene.s,uachnyrioghf tthseanSdectourfiotyreucnlodseer uthpeonjutdhgemreenletvoarndt eScerceueriotyf aancdotuortsoefll

13.6

aooSpprrfuoapabclonjleeiycnecatdtFmsiitnhroesgnthsttSeh, oleedtfhcabpueyrrroiteSoyvceriseDcdiiouvoenercpisrtuoy,mstaihAtebeengodtevSsweneo,tictrhumifSriiateatyyocorrAebnigtcedseenaiSavtgpeesepcrhnouoatirsnifltltypetbhudDeeroseaucSnsuaetimntcslteuuetdrcnoithtytsao.nrseryhecatpealrliivonebvpries.oioasNnspoepotsowfsitinithohtienssdtaaAnnginddreijncuegodmnicettrhinaoetll

13.7 t(SFhi)iterasUrnetndtBotsilo,tinltalhdsePaeLeproiapoardlnliic,eaAtrhbgoelrefeFe(aximnr)sdetthn(Sieti)eadcunuipsdrocitnhyaactAhrtgigeneegenoatinfroliaearllrcthcoFeofirr(srdxeta)qIntnuhcdieeseitdbweitsietFchdhirnsatehtrsegBseoaaonpndfpdharolol(plydFr)ieiartrshtseteIanvseodxtespinebirgttaeftdopionrrtnoehvsoisisnfioatthhnneeds

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

12

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

aca(Bpyonpro)odnpncfrdteeodhhrepeeroderliilivedadnextegeorpresnifvrdoaoatrthsttiiooaensnngetSyhtopeefrfrociogturShvhtrheietistcyoiinoSurAnrttiharstgeyenemtdhnASseetge,tdriecelyolontroPnta,,fdevostarroiBhioltoaadhdnbl,eilrdletehhacaLetptvoopeatShotnheteihneAcettomgiSmnrreeiedgenceh,utSmt,rmoeietbfcyenyuattAhraiaorgtneyndecdniAenataig,snvcetedortniurrn,tmpgooloafeirrncnefettxoaheicrenorctcfhworiescerrdioqinttanuiagnndiksgcuaiintecneegtyxwinSeoipgtcehfoucaawttoehnnendeyyrd apcrotivoinsioanusthoofriCzeladubsyesC1la3u.9seasnd131.83.t1h0rosuhgahll 1a3p.p1l3y;. provided, in the case of subclause (i), that the

13.8

tSaShhlaeuwevcbaeFojeynirnscdsottttthSoSabeettehccetehuunerrpiittbryyoorbeAvAlaiigsggceiaehontnenitodtssn.seoshlflasoClflalatnhrueeasleesFasi1sers3ett.w9SthhaeeicnchduSrie1isty3cso.A1un0bgdjeeifn,SctitentucocnuoFdrnieitrynrsetCgcSrltaaieouncnstueewrdistiyth5oavaanenndrdySthe8eancotfoofanrthcsdeissSemAte,ecgnuprterrioaetyvcm,itdioteehnnde,t

13.9

tToBrherhoeaetnasdrokSehinenloeacglvbdoalrenynerdtfserSeprifrqreeorucdeceuqestruoeittedyifsinrAntoegCgmd,elanebtutixymseseahercna1iytsl3loe.ob7,tef;imathaepenenp,dmtoitalisentnhodtdmadtlloeomnbnasteookotee,ircnienttaaictvolkleauifndidalgaintnboygalesrpaernstcohueycecievihneeSfdoeisinrcnumfogocna,hrmdteiionxaSneftoierotcrhcnmiusaaerttiot,tiiysoatnhppAerpgroeoevSginnidaettemrcdmdoeinnatndgoyt

oatphpeorinptomteennttiaolrbtaidkdinegrs. or other third parties in connection with any such proceeding, exercise,

13.10 The First Security Agent shall not sell Hull 717, Hull 718 or Hull 719 (each, a "Vessel") or the Shares in Cecon 2, Cecon 1 or Cecon 3 (each, a "Vessel Owner") (and no Second Security foPirvlsaettrootuhbot(atshieneea"dsVsaaenltusaamptioparyna"bi)seaalnredolefhatahsseedpvrapoluvuriedseuodafnatthtceooCpayplapoulifscetahbe1l3es.a8V)meuesnstleeolstshfreothmeSeFeciirotshntedSr eSCceluacrruiktrysitoyAngAsegnoetrnhtRa(Ssit being understood that such sale may take place thereafter at a price regardless of the Valuation). In the event the First Security Agent proposes to sell a Vessel or the shares in a Vessel Owner tPoaartyp"e) r(s1o)nthoer oennltyitynothna-ctaisshacnoAnsffiidliearteatioonf thpeermObittleigdortso ocor uthnet toFwirsatrdBsotnhdehopludrecrhsas(ae "pRriecelatweidll be any outstanding Tranche A Bonds and Tranche B Bonds (and Profit in respect thereof) so lheenldgthbytesrumcsh aRnedlautesed bPeasrttyeaffnodrts(2to) tphreocFuirrset aSe"ccoumritfyorAt gleetntetrs"hfraollmenatererpinuttoabtlhee, isnatelernoantioanramll'ys recognised institution which shall be addressed to the Second Security Agent (for the benefit of the Second Bondholders) and which opines that the sale has been negotiated on arm's length tttisehhoernmsocestoatmahnRafdoterlwtiasolteenutdotldetProhanharatvtyseer(nmibtoesbteewbnienhegoicnbuhtanoaidbnreteeardismnteionadotaedirsctiahotlhalmyat pttlheapisrsrasorbsfealpeqveuotcriurateirvnamesbaelpecnrttoitoowvniitdlhlweenristohS,t ebwacehopisneleadrstwiosBifnolileinnoddgrhieftootnhldteioteyprrisewnaethhsiaocohnnn the subject matter, are unwilling to opine that the sale is on arm's length terms and not materially cleosmspfaarvaobulreabtrlaenstoactthioenSweicthonadpBeorsnodnhoolrdeernstittyhawnhitchhosisentohtaat wRoeulaldtedhaPvaertbye).enIn othbetaeinveedntinthea First Security Agent proposes to sell a Vessel or the shares in a Vessel Owner to a person or toehtnehtietpyrutrhrceahptauissteanbopletricaerRewegilulalltaebtededsPeacmrutyarir(tki1ee)stthliaesntoedndlya(2nn)dontsr-uacbadjsienhcgtcootnnosaidCreelarcauotsigoennis6pe.ed1r,mseiatctneuydrittioseusccoehuxncnthotaonnw-gcaearsdohsr consideration must be apportioned between the First Indebtedness and the Second Indebtedness on a pro ra ta basis.

13.11 tTphrheoeveiSsxietoecnnustriotsyuf clAahgwe.wnrtittsehnaldl inreocttfioolnloswaraenyknworwittnenbyditrheectiSonescurreitcyeAivgeednpt utorsubaenitntocoCnlfaliucstewi1th3.7antoy

13.12 aOpFnoinrwsttaehcIrenscdodceuarbnettetaetde(hntdeheersebsoy"faPthtnrhiodsecrSAeeeegcsdrohesnaedlmlAIebcnencdtoeesbushttneaatdbl"l)nl.ihesahsTvsehe,dethtaeePnrrmrdeo,icnsaehateatedalldlslb,teiAimnmcceclasuoidnutithnnaetginrseethhadeaftwleldirtihbsuectnhhtaieelrstgSthaeeebcilundisruhifttueyieldlAsogaafennanddltl SomrereaacSilniuzetracaitotiyinoneAnddguBebpnoyotnntdahafetLneoySrateShnceeuAcrougitcrrycietuyAermsgreheenanncltltebaineot fidctasoennpcnoeoesvrpicetoetniordtanotinefwdtohiethfeffaicPauenrlstoy.ucAecnoedllldelemsrctoAhtinoceecnFyo,siurssnatthtleBaa,tonfndaodrrteheLceroleroaecsnaeufiArtveeegrdroserhebamoyltlethhbeneert

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

13

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

dseimhnuexeabteladei-nmnnatdataecncidntndooeienuactqgnheputespsipslviraPeaoardrlcyseoe,ncbeptaeydaptetosrhdp,tesrotohofASpefrtceihtacPchetoureeourSicntoyPeetrcerAsdoudhgecrsaiesetyliAnelr,adtcvbsciaenlolselAuat,oncctifnhcct oewoftorhuhdSreniaceatnhSlclcfueopesrcruiutuwyrbtrpih-itAtoaheysgcetAcehpsongeuutehrtnpfneertotorrs,emsmoaessfnht.idoaomAlfflfletluhbbrntiieeosgdthsttAteitrm,geroratneieittdleeedmedmenaapetynaiofndsyesti.isniatntTgnatinoedbraltteihhnsbshedeet tASPogerotechcuneertietienydxstAchlAgeuecsPncivroteouacnsdetoessmedhtsianfAolilorcctnchoonaiunnsntdCittulscathoeuanslptler,aot6rlot.otohffetthheeextSSeeencctuuarrviittayyi.laATbghleeenftPo.rrAodclilsetmeridbosunteAioycnsc,ohbueenlddt isbshtyraibtllhuebteeSdseubcbyujtrehitceyt

13.13 AgsdDinoretosaleeactnrmunuteemymsdxetpe.nimnenetntcsesse,esaathsnnoaeddfryStfdhreoooemcrcoOduntembidmsleiigreSnaotebtrsocsleu,atritnimihntdyeeo,DtbOautokabpceilnoiugnimsnougretshcnthehtwsewfilulafrruinpttlthdlreoebnomrefrnapteehctqlfetyiiuotseernisxgotehafcotstshufitttsaehhneAeadgnSSrpdeeeoeccdwmuueerrleiiirttvsnyyet,hArAetgaghreneeenyinntFt,aiarnrasendntdadSas,toelhlacnestuaruterbhciitlnehyy

13.14 SPeucrsounadntBtoondtheLoFanirsAt gBroenedmeLnotananAdg/orer ethmeenStecaonndd/orStehceurFityirsDt oSceucmuerintyts,Dofrcoummetinmtse atondtimthee, teeabDhxdxeoeeedccccoiutFuuimmoittrienisoenatnngaltGssdSphuiuraaaaeprlrnctlpaytdlbne/oettomoercreoeinamnSdAnteeiygtrcoeraoescnnIutendcmsOtehuberSbclnaisergtegicdodruaireairnteihortdiymere/orAseeDrgnuoortSnfseced,teuhcemmesoruneewPcdnnihattthsrGien.sanuutltlIahbnaerIsaspicdsfnpoouitalreniemcrenryaeaboAc(rlfaeegtiEnorrerxnieghe"qAhimbwutdsieiitrdtenhAaidttnihodaateonnnrryaedebs/lteoospcrOuoaocnFnbmhsdilrieibsgustioplpuitSraobi"erne)stsiiced.ssusuiharcairtthoyyll

13.15 TbyhethSiseAcugrrietyemAgeenntt,upfoornittsheelftearnmdsitsansducccoensdsiotirosn,shheerereboyf.accepts the powers and duties created

13.16 TcohnestiFtuirtsintgStheecuFriitryst SAegceunrtityshaalsllo creolnesatsiteutethsetheFiSrsetcoSnedcuSreitcyu, rietyxc(seupbt jewcht etoreCltahuesed1o3c.u1m8)e:nt

(a) diniswchhaorleg,euinpoanccthoerddainsccehawrgiteh tihnefuFllirosft aBlol nFdirsLtoIanndeAbgtreedenmesesnt()oarnudpoanll oathdeerfeoabsliagnactieonosr winhriecshpneoctctlhaeimreoofr (dinemeaacnhdcfaosrepoatyhmeerntht,awn haentyhecor notrianlgoernwt irnitdteenm,nhifaicsabtieoennomblaigdaet)io; ns for

(b)

tddrahppresiieraesssorrnpppevmtsoooiiednfisstce;eteiatetrdidnodooynftohbraaafytndotsbt,yihssytteesphhtuaoeeFcnssihyiruFetsibxiostOrtjasneeBbtl)cenolSit,tngaetdotnorocrafLuntOtotrohshiatbefeynealirgAAFiponogigertrreesrreostrnineeotthSs'nmseteaertclshineudtoartnrila,sitdstnpay,isostwtatstrhihncailtlaeotinoitatostntinft(im,esaersceirotsuhehroobdeltjfdrooes,otcbhutrttehecrtefahoroontrhstpceshaeirfreoelrcoewcru,rpreimesrtaerideoasfdtrtnesaiodtsrinrierfscseespoeucrotscehosehitervehtreodaswfdotathirlsoteeiihefns,;r

(c) a(As)sets oarsintotearensytsFiorsftCSeeccounriStyhoipvpeinr g(i)2thAeSs,huaproens tihneCreecpoanymSheinptpoinrgre2dAemSpatniodn(oii)f tthhee TSrerhsaippnepcchintegthA2erAeBoSofn)idn(isnf,uelTlar(caihnnccclhuaedsienBgasaBdnoeynfdiPnserodafinti,nditnhateenryFeisrAts,dt dfBeitoeionsndaaLnl odBaonotnhAdegsrreaiesmsmuoeeundnt)ts;byowCinegcoinn

Tac((Biasnra)sscneeluctsdahisenoagdrsCeiantfointBneyeoaredPnnsdyriotnssfFittiaoh,rnsfeintdCtFSeeaierrcnescoystuntBr,AiStofdyenhdedoipistvipLoeaionnrnaagd(nil)o1ABtthhAgoeerSnersd,eahsummapiresooensnusutn)te;ithnsdeCobrweeycipnoCagneyimcnSoherneinpstpSpoihenricgprtpet1ihdnAeegmrSe1poatfAni)odS(nin(oiiine)fattfhhcuheell

ta((hiCsne)scelTutrsdainnoagcrshianetonteyDarePnBsyrootsFnfitdio,rssfitnCatSneeedrcecosauntnr,iytSfyehAeoidpsvdpeaiitnrniog(din)3oathtlAheBeSosr,nhaudampsreooinsussni(unt1se)CdotehwbceiyonnrgCepeSinachoyriepnmspepSinnehgtcipto3ptrhiAnreSegrde3aeonmfA)dSpot(riioiin)(n2tf)huoeallf Permitted 719 Financing (in each case as defined in the First Bond Loan Agreement);

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

14

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

(d)

saareulslqctouhofistalhiiteeerneslBFeioarosnsftedtShhooeeflcdauFenriryirtssypt)a,oSsrwtesiiocethnut rfroioteyfrstthhpAeeginceFttnithrotsetosSFnueicrsschutucFrBihtiorysnFt(dwiSrshLetioccaShunreimtcAyua,gryriitefyineccomhlnuaesdsneetnb; atealtelnonodtrhgseiuvberesnlteabanystieathloleyf

(e) as and when required in accordance with the other provisions of this Agreement.

13.17 In connection with the release of the First Security, or any portion thereof, in each case in tttssgaacOpDhrhueosrcauobeeaccncnbclnaicuonslSguSirterrcfeeeomeeidestcdrcyracsenstn,uionooonaettornchrntthigcsistredeceyeetrceonhswnseAaSrsethuiuhgtoeaartahnseoeecsfrldyellwnsutdtcheihrtibgtohertiobethse,nrayyh.psrbdiwagFn,rtAeeholeiailgrsteveashneieairatssdoSnxancsiuoteSbedahi,gtnclcteenubsiutpccnheetratureheiodetsrrreyijeeeictutrnayseAeoidnmpwrosrgidmcDeebtfie,etscuaohtinnrputnrcattaspe.duoornetoceTmefsdetnsthfhtexpeoahetfepnehrofneretcecrtdeshrnatFidawegsnrt,naieheorrcnysFiamtetsdtotinselerolfdsuSaxnovtttcthpheefishSoreeechetnenouhaqOFcredsfluailibueitrretnysdlerucSisditgecutrestyeoolrSsoicoisvrrtasuesdfyeott,rrctihrihesauttirayheoflnnreeatiertytalceAreyiicesttrr,agdiaeesosmseoupsadnuecnatsen,csdutyeodcc,amtfeotaitlshvtsloserhnuehesnpdecabarotrOehenslroFlasaybpidiscarfnloetisesosgsesrrtliunsottigravyrSiscrnugiessntcemmniosr,tecceuiftueegusdhtatsrinnnrnheniosttttigedoissny,rr

13.18 The Second Security Agent shall release the Second Security:

(a)

doominibbsawllciidgghheaaao)tt;rliieoog,nnessupifinonornrawecdhscipsioccehrhcdatnarontghcceeelraienimwoffiutoh(lilrndotheef eamaclalhSnSedcecacfosoonerndpdoatBIhynmoednreedtbnhtta,eLndwonahaenenstyshAecg(rooroner rteuianmplgooeenrnnwtta)riindtatdeenefndem,ahnsaaailflsinccoabettehioeeonnrr

(b)

tttdparhrisaeasenrnptmsostoiffimseteatereernrddeyoodobrfayfossdtbrsuhisyecoepthtahoFsnessuiyrirabtswilotjeOeins,Bcbe)ottlringadtaodoinnsrsLtphfotOoeoeasrbneaSloidgAerpocgooerorft;renhsienpdeomrnroSaedvtenihidstctarpeuaatodrnnisitssdtyihtaitonacthhontte,iatotttnSh(oeieesitcothhSsoreeoneroldcdetob,hxBnetetoedrfraonnnrSdtceseiorLfcceofouurratrrhmneiateydsfAtteiaAgnornrgtreecseoereunetmchtsh'tesethrnasswlitoate,illsndeaiess,,t

wdiisllpoasttiaticohn,tsoubthjeectptrooctheeedpsriorreitcieesivesdet ifnortrheshpeerectin;of any such sale, transfer or other

(c)

sScaLuosoebnactsnsuoteraAintnaygttrithaeroealellysmtehabeeasenlelert;enoolaefgfnatidhvsaeeennyoSbfpeysoctuorhtcnieohdnrleSieoqenfucsitsuhiroteietfyt)BSh, oeewncoSditnhhedoclordeSnesderpsceSuacerstictytsuoer(ittwsyfuhoAcircthghheSinnmet tachoyoennidSsnueccSlcuhoednceSdueraiBctlyloo,nnoddirf

(d)

wtaoIhnvwhedainecioelhbawrtb;ehnldaepesnrrofebuovsenfisdedaensrdeVgleaarinspatispnneelgtieael dtcdaohnoftdvohceraathrtste(heVi)aaetathssVssapeeteutlsrs(pAsoooer)slfitestuhhs,peauobetnpedortowhsbcenuyeefseftrihacdlauiseetpnoooStnffutthsbothaaselitredeVsiadweaersliyelesl,meIostlfosottughhreeee(ritih)sirnetehhrlafeeuwrvelslai,sthhn(aitBnro)eFttshhtihreasientrt

obpaebieldignainbtitoroenatshcehoefPtdhr,oec(CFei)ersdtotsStAhececcuoeruixtytnetAnagtne1dn3t.(1Du2)ndsaeuprcphClielsasau,lseaenissy5osnaunrapdrlmu8s'ospflterhonicsgetAhegdtreseremomfss.eanlet hsahvaellnboet

13.19 tsdaaaciIhnnuoescsesscnsclctiivciorsogSgueetrnnniedmrtsnumecasaeetodnoienncnncrndtttgsdeisotostonwrSaptarghsuiewntarehbcassaiultnfsitrhOcehretiigeretbt,ynndhnliopsoegeAt,trrhociogcraeerceveesnsrailn,esedsuotiuaaoisanfnssrentyhdetsthrtaheeooeohlerslr,fepbeScdtrieenheoxeeceeosscaettfciosa,rSuoaanscuentfbdihegpcdtlnoehocSienneenatexddostrcpSheeuaetSeesewnrncpeirwdtsimoecyterhnuctiitrndtrDotarieateofonynSttsfc,eshpeutfreoheeecamrerucqOnretaerudbSintntdeolyetiyr,ssgectssoampouoaornonsconfdrd,htdvrthietesoheSSlhtneeheeoaareiccetflrshloussreesdenprudierecdtece,ycolcciouSvratesfdirelv,eoslitrecsyaipnruooneOrrrrioyelnisebtpcaytdaleoaei,cgsorurhraeoetcsaynsrducessdt,masos,tsissfotegehauhtnnhencbastihedsienl,rl OSebcliognodrs StheecnurithyeldDobcyumtheentSseschoanldl bSeewcuitrhitoyutAgperenjtu.dTicheetocatnhceelrliagthiotsn oafntdhesaStiescfaocntdionSeocfutrhitey

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

15

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

tAhgeerenat foterrainnycusruicncceosnsnoerctrtuiosntetehetroewchitahr.ge and be reimbursed for any expenditures that it may

13.20 tTaGhuhueteaoarmSapnpaetltcieiccueaariblt(lyaylesorGedfleueafaainrsGaeendudtaeinrueaptnhAotengorrreteh(esaempsereecdnlteeti.vfaienseeBdoonifndsutLhcoehanrGeAusgparereacentmivtoeern'sBt)ooinbndliagcaLctoiooarnndsaAnugcnreedweemrithietsnthtr)eesstephreamcllstivboeef

14.

toccIhtaafeisppthaaFueccniriiSttsdyyteeaarcBsossotnosnsdoeeddchcBuuoaorrlndinittdyeydrhaaasoggglaredeennenedrttdsaa(.bntnh)ddattbhboe(oann)SddtehttcreruuosFsnttdieerseeSt uSeuncenducderueirtrryittthyhAeeAgSgeFeenircntsottisniBsdeoennBntdeoternLirndiongaLgnoinianAtnotgoArtthehgiesirsmeAAeegmgnrrteeeeonenmtmoebennenthbtaeiinnlhfaiiottsslff

***

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014

This Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning o f this Agreement by the parties listed on the signatories' page at the end o f this Agreement.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, as Bond Trustee Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, as Bond Trustee

and Security Agent under the First Bond Loan and Security Agent under the Second Bond

Agreement

Loan Agreement

By:

By:

Name:

Name:

The terms hereof are acknowledged and agreed by us: Cecon ASA
by:_____________ Rever Offshore AS
by:_______________ Cecon Shipping 1 AS
by:_______________ Cecon Shipping 2 AS
by:_______________ Cecon Shipping 3 AS
by:_______________

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

1

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014
Exhibit A
[Form of] Supplement to Intercreditor Agreement
Reference is made to the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of [------l <Februarv 20,> 2013 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Intercreditor Agreement"), among Cecon ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 938 803 595, Rever Offshore AS, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number [899 329 8721.<872.> Cecon Shipping 1 AS, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 991 789 677, Cecon Shipping 2 AS, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 991 789 650 and Cecon Shipping 3 AS, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 991 789 685 (collectively, the "Obligors"), Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 963 342 624 (in its capacity as Security Agent under the First Bond Loan Agreement, the "First Security Agent"), Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 963 342 624 (in its capacity as Security Agent under the Second Bond Loan Agreement, the "Second Security Agent" and together in its capacity as First Security Agent, the "Security Agent") and each other person party thereto from time to time. Terms used and not otherwise defined herein are as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement.
This Supplement to Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of_________________ , 20___ (this "Supplement to Intercreditor Agreement"), is being delivered pursuant to Clause 13.14 of the Intercreditor Agreement.
The undersigned,_______________, a ______________ (the "Additional Obligor") hereby agrees to become a party to the Intercreditor Agreement as an Obligor thereunder, for all purposes thereof on the terms set forth therein, and to be bound by all of the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement as fully as if the Additional Obligor had executed and delivered the Intercreditor Agreement as of the date thereof.
This Supplement to Intercreditor Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute one contract.
This Supplement to Intercreditor Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law. The courts of Norway shall have exclusive jurisdiction over matters arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. The Oslo District Court (Oslo tingrett) shall be the court of first instance.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

1

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

14 February 2014
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Additional Obligor has caused this Supplement to Intercreditor Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized representative as of the day and year first above written.
[Additional Obligor]
by:______________

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, as Bond Trustee Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, as Bond Trustee

and Security Agent under the First Bond Loan and Security Agent under the Second Bond

Agreement

Loan Agreement

By:

By:

Name:

Name:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2

UKDOCS/1178514.4 <L E G A L U S E # 102141498.14 >

Bingham comments 13 February 2013<EXECUTION VERSION>
ISIN NO 001 0604697 (Tranche A Bonds) ISIN NO 001 0604705 (Tranche B Bonds) ISIN NO 001 036425.0 (Tranche C1 Bonds) ISIN NO 001 050672.8 (Tranche C2 Bonds)
ISIN NO 001 0605090 (Warrants)

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT
in respect of an
AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT
originally dated 10 March 2011 (as amended)
between
CECON ASA
(Parent Borrower) and
CECON SHIPPING 1 AS AND CECON SHIPPING 2 AS
(Subsidiary Borrowers) and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
(Loan Trustee) on behalf of
THE BONDHOLDERS
in the issues
5.0 per cent Cecon ASA Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2013 with Warrants 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured
Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C1 Senior Secured
Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C2 Senior Secured
Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016

L_3626109_V1 11.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178423.3

DRAFT 02/18/13 9:26AM <1178423 4 >

2 /1 1

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT
This amendment and restatement agreement (the "Agreement") has been entered into on [--]<20 Februarv> 2013 between Cecon ASA (Norwegian company no. 938 803 595) as issuer in respect of the Tranche A Bonds (the "Parent Borrower"), Cecon Shipping 1 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 677) ("Cecon 1") and Cecon Shipping 2 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 650) ("Cecon 2") as issuers in respect of the Tranche B Bonds and the Tranche C Bonds (the "Subsidiary Borrowers" and together with the Parent Borrower, the "Borrowers"), Rever Offshore AS (Norwegian Company no. 899 329 872) ("Rever") as Parent Guarantor and Cecon Shipping 3 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 685) ("Cecon 3") as Obligor under the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement (as defined below) and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian company no. 963 342 624) as loan trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Loan Trustee").
WHEREAS:

(A) Pursuant to an amended and restated loan agreement originally dated 10 March 2011 (as subsequently amended, modified and supplemented, the "Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement") made between the Borrowers as issuers and the Loan Trustee as bond trustee on behalf of the bondholders and warrantholders:

(i)

the Parent Borrower has issued (1) bonds constituting the Parent Borrower's 5.0

per cent Cecon ASA Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue

2001/2013 with Warrants, with ISIN NO 011 0604697 and (2) the warrants with

ISIN NO 001 0605090 (the "Warrants"); and

(ii) the Subsidiary Borrowers have issued bonds constituting the Subsidiary Borrowers' (1) 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 0604705, (2) 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C1 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 036425.0 and (3) 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C2 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 050672.8,

(B) to, inter alia, finance the completion of the Vessels and the purchase of the EDC Loan, the Issuers, Rever Offshore AS and Cecon Shipping 3 AS have or will enter into the New Bond Loan Agreement (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement) pursuant to which the New Bonds (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement (itself defined below)) will be issued;

(C) it is a condition precedent to the issuance of the New Bonds that, inter alia, the Bondholders agree to certain changes being made to the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement; and

L_3626109_V1 11.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178423.3

DRAFT 02/18/13 9:26AM <1178423 4 >

3 /1 1
(D) subject to the conditions set out herein, the Loan Trustee has accepted the terms and the entry into of this Agreement so that, inter alia, the terms of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement in respect of the Bonds are amended and restated as set out in the second amended and restated bond loan agreement (the "Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement") attached in Schedule 2 (Second A m ended an d R estated B ond Loan A greem ent) hereto.

IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

1

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

(a) Capitalized terms use herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in:

(i) the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement, when such terms are used in Schedule 1 (C onditions precedent docum ents) hereto; and

(ii) the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement, when such terms are used in any other part of this Agreement.

(b) In this Agreement:

"Bondholder Counsel" means Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP.

"Effective Date" means:

(i) the date on which the Loan Trustee notifies the Parent Borrower in writing that it has received all the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 (C onditions precedent docum ents) hereto in a form and substance satisfactory to it; or
(ii) such earlier date as informed in writing by the Loan Trustee to the Parent Borrower, acting on the instructions of the holders of Bonds that hold in excess of 50% of the Tranche A Bonds.
(c) The provisions of Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement apply to this Agreement as though they were set out herein in their entirety, except that references to the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement shall be construed as references to this Agreement and any other logical adjustments being made.
(d) Any reference herein to the "Finance Documents", the "Security Documents", the "Guarantees" or "Loan Security" shall be construed as a reference to the agreements, documents and security interests designated as such in the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement and entered into, executed, made or granted in relation or pursuant to the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement.

2

THE EFFECTIVE DATE

With irrevocable and unconditional effect from and including the Effective Date:

L_3626109_V1 11.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178423.3

DRAFT 02/18/13 9:26AM <1178423 4 >

4 /1 1
(a) the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement (and thereby the rights and obligations pertaining to the Bonds) will be amended and restated in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Second A m ended a n d R estated B ond Loan A greem ent) hereto, so that the rights and obligations of the Bondholders, the Borrowers and the Loan Trustee shall, with effect from and including the Effective Date, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the terms of the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement.
(b) the Bondholders, the Borrowers and the Loan Trustee shall have the rights and take on the obligations ascribed to them under the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement;
(c) the Bondholders and the Loan Trustee: (i) waive any and all Defaults, Events of Default and any other non-compliance with or breach of the terms of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement, the other Finance Documents and any related agreement or document and any misrepresentation made thereunder; (ii) waive any and all rights of mandatory redemption, repayment or prepayment due or otherwise capable of being declared due under the Finance Documents and any related agreement or document, excluding reimbursement of costs and expenses to the Loan Trustee and fees due to the Loan Trustee; and (iii) give such consents and other waivers as are required to complete the transactions contemplated by the New Bond Loan Agreement (in its original form) (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement);
(d) each security interest constituting Loan Security or otherwise granted under the Security Documents or in relation to the Finance Documents, the 2007 Bonds or the 2009 Bonds (the latter two as defined in the Transaction Agreement), is fully released and discharged;
(e) each member of the Group is fully released and discharged from all obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent) under the Finance Documents and related agreements and documents (other than in respect of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement, in relation to which the obligations and liabilities of the Borrowers thereunder shall be amended and restated as set out in this Agreement), including obligations and liabilities under or in respect of the Guarantees, the Loan Security, the Security Documents and any obligations and liabilities related to the 2007 Bonds and the 2009 Bonds, provided that nothing in this paragraph shall compromise or release any accrued and unpaid costs, expenses and fees of the Loan Trustee; and
(f) the Loan Trustee shall (in its capacity as trustee and security agent for the Bonds, the 2007 Bonds and the 2009 Bonds (the latter two as defined in the Transaction Agreement) and the holders thereof) promptly: (i) at the request and cost of the Parent Borrower, take whatever action is necessary to give full effect to (1) the waivers and consents set out in paragraph (c) above and (2) the release and discharge of obligations, liabilities and security interests
L_3626109_V1 11.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178423.3---------------------------------------------------------------------------- DRAFT 02/18/13 9:26AM <1178423 4 >

5 /1 1
set out in paragraphs (d) and (e) above, including the filing of documents for de-registration in any relevant registry, the sending of notices of release and discharge to relevant persons (and each member of the Group may, from and including the Effective Date, treat a copy of this Agreement as a notice of release and discharge of the relevant security interest); and (ii) deliver to the Parent Borrower the originals of any debt instruments and similar documents evidencing indebtedness of any member of the Group.

3

FINANCE DOCUMENTS

This Agreement is a Finance Document for the purpose of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement.

4

FURTHER ASSURANCES

The parties shall, at their own expense, take whatever actions the Loan Trustee may reasonably require for the purposes of implementing the Restructuring pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement including any actions required to create, perfect, preserve or protect any security intended to be created pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Second Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement.

5

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1

Invalidity of any Provision

If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any law, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected or impaired in any way

5.2

Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and all of those counterparts taken together will be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.

6

REPRESENTATIO NS AND W ARRANTIES

The Borrowers, Rever and Cecon 3 represent and warrant that as at the Effective Date that:
(a) each of the Borrower is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;

(b) each of the Obligors has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of this Agreement;

(c) This Agreement constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render

L_3626109_V1 11.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178423.3---------------------------------------------------------------------------- DRAFT 02/18/13 9:26AM <1178423 4 >

6 /1 1

this Agreement enforceable against the Borrowers; except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law);

(d) the entry into and performance by each Borrower of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on that Borrower; and

(e) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of all persons (including Governmental Authorities) required for the Borrowers in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of this Agreement, and the transactions contemplated hereby, have been obtained and are valid.

7

JURISDICTION AND GOVERNING LAW

(a) This Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Agreement between the Loan Trustee, the Bondholders and any Borrower, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

(b) All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Agreement between the Loan Trustee, the Bondholders and any Borrower, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

8

EFFECTIVEN ESS

The Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement shall not be effective unless and until the date on which each of the following has occurred (i) the Loan Trustee has given its written confirmation in accordance with Clause 1(b) on or before 11.59pm (Oslo time) on 15 March 2013; and (ii) all fees, costs and expenses incurred by or payable to the Loan Trustee and its advisers (including, but not limited to, Bondholder Counsel and any local counsel engaged by them) in connection with the issuance of the New Bonds and the amendments to the terms of the Bonds and all matters ancillary thereto have been paid in full by the Parent Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, such fees, costs and expenses shall include an estimate on the part of both the Loan Trustee and its advisers (each acting reasonably) of the fees, costs and expenses anticipated to be incurred by them through to completion of the issuance of the New Bonds and all matters ancillary thereto, including any post-closing matters.

For the avoidance of doubt, prior to written confirmation of delivery of all the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions precedent docum ents) in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee and payment in full of fees, costs and expenses as set out above, the terms of the Bonds and the Loans shall be governed by the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement.

L_3626109_V1 11.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178423.3

DRAFT 02/18/13 9:26AM <1178423 4 >

7 /1 1

9

TERM INATION

This Agreement shall terminate at 11.59pm (Oslo time) on 15 March 2013 if any of the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 (C o n d itio n s p re c e d e n t d o c u m e n ts ) has not been delivered to the Loan Trustee in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, or such delivery has been waived by the Loan Trustee, by such time.

***

L_3626109_V1 11.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178423.3

DRAFT 02/18/13 9:26AM <1178423.4 >

8 /1 1
SCHEDULE 1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT DOCUMENTS (a) This Agreement, the New Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, duly executed by all parties thereto. (b) Certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Obligors to execute the Finance Documents. (c) A power of attorney from each of the Obligors to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorization to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Obligors. (d) Certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for each Obligor, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of each Obligor. (e) Any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents), addressed to the Bond Trustee (for itself and as trustee on behalf of the Bondholders), such legal opinions to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee. (f) Evidence that the EDC Loan has been (or substantially concurrently with the Effective Date will be) transferred in full to the Parent Borrower and all security interests and guarantees in respect thereof have been (or substantially concurrently with the Effective Date will be) released and discharged. (g) The Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence of the establishment and perfection (in certain circumstances, substantially concurrently with the Effective Date) of the Bond Security (and any insurance certificates evidencing any issuance covering the Bond Security). (h) The Completion Contracts having been duly executed by all the parties thereto and in effect on or before the Effective Date. (i) Payment in full of the invoice issued by the Bondholder Counsel and dated on or about the date of this Agreement, which invoice shall include the fees, costs and expenses of local counsel and an amount on account of fees (including the fees, costs and expenses of all local counsel retained by Bondholder Counsel) to be reasonably incurred in connection with completion of the new financing and restructuring (it being understood that such payment is only a condition precedent to the Effective Date and that the Obligors are otherwise under no obligation to make such payments). (j) A copy of an executed commitment letter between, inter alia, the Parent Borrower, the Parent Guarantor and York confirming a binding commitment on the part of York to

L_3626109_V1 11.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178423.3

DRAFT 02/18/13 9:26AM <1178423 4 >

9 /1 1
purchase Tranche C Bonds, Tranche D Bonds and Primary Additional Bonds (each as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement). (k) Evidence that each of the conditions precedent listed in Clause 6.1 of the New Bond Agreement have been satisfied and/or waived by the Bond Trustee (as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement) under the New Bond Loan Agreement.

L_3626109_V1 11.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178423.3

DRAFT 02/18/13 9:26AM <1178423 4 >

10/11
SCHEDULE 2 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND LOAN AGREEMENT

L_3626109_V1 11.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178423.3

DRAFT 02/18/13 9:26AM <1178423 4 >

Cecon ASA
Name: Title:

11/11
SIGNATORIES Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Loan Trustee Name: Title:

Cecon Shipping 1 AS

Cecon Shipping 2 AS

Name:

Name:

Title:

Title:

By signing this Agreement we hereby acknowledge and agree (i) to the terms of this Agreement and (ii) to be bound by the terms and provisions of and take on the obligations and liabilities ascribed to us in the Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement.

Rever Offshore AS

Cecon Shipping 3 AS

Name:

Name:

Title:

Title:

L 3626109 V1 11.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178423.3--------------------------------------------------------------------------DRAFT 02/1 8/13 Q-26AM <1178423 4 >

Bingham comments 13 Feb<EXECUTION VERSION>
ISIN NO 001 0604697 (Tranche A Bonds) ISIN NO 001 0604705 (Tranche B Bonds) ISIN NO 001 036425.0 (Tranche C1 Bonds) ISIN NO 001 050672.8 (Tranche C2 Bonds)
ISIN NO 001 0605090 (Warrants) SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND LOAN AGREEMENT
between
CECON ASA (Parent Issuer)
REVER OFFSHORE AS (as Parent Guarantor)
and
CECON SHIPPING 1 AS AND CECON SHIPPING 2 AS (Subsidiary Issuers)
CECON SHIPPING 3 (as Obligor)
and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA (Bond Trustee)
on behalf of
THE BONDHOLDERS AND THE WARRANTHOLDERS
in the issues
5.0 per cent Cecon ASA Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2013 with Warrants
8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016
8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C1 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016
8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C2 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
TABLE OF CONTENTS 1 Definitions and Construction........................................................................................4 2 The Bonds and the Warrants......................................................................................22 3 Listing...........................................................................................................................24 4 Registration in the Securities Depository.................................................................. 25 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds..................................................................................25 6 Representations and Warranties................................................................................ 25 7 Status of the Bonds and Bond Security...................................................................... 29 8 Interest.........................................................................................................................30 9 Maturity of the Bonds, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option......32 10 Payments......................................................................................................................36 11 Issuers' Acquisition of Issuers' Bonds and Warrants...............................................38 12 Covenants..................................................................................................................... 38 13 Fees and Expenses....................................................................................................... 47 14 Events of Default......................................................................................................... 49 15 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting and the Bond Trustee................................ 52 16 The Bond Trustee........................................................................................................ 56 17 Miscellaneous............................................................................................................... 60 18 Eligible Purchasers and Transfer Restrictions..........................................................64
2
UKDOCS/1178424 5<1178424 8>

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND LOAN AGREEMENT
This agreement has been entered into on the Effective Date between Cecon ASA (Norwegian company no. 938 803 595) as issuer in respect of the Tranche A Bonds (the "Parent Issuer"), Rever Offshore AS (Norwegian company no. 899 329 872) as parent guarantor (the "Parent Guarantor"), Cecon Shipping 1 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 677) ("Cecon 1") and Cecon Shipping 2 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 650) ("Cecon 2") as issuers in respect of the Tranche B Bonds and the Tranche C Bonds (the "Subsidiary Issuers" and together with the Parent Issuer, the "Issuers"), Cecon Shipping 3 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 685) ("Cecon 3") as obligor and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian company no. 963 342 624) as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bond Trustee").
As set out in the Amendment and Restatement Agreement referenced below, this Bond Loan Agreement amends, restates and supersedes the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement (as defined below).
The Bond Trustee is bond trustee for the Bonds and agent for the Warrants in respect of Warrantholders' right to exercise their Exercise Rights and any adjustments to the Exercise Price, as set out in Attachment 1.

1 Definitions and Construction
1.1 Whenever used in this Bond Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

15 Day Auction End Date:

is defined in Clause 12.2(h).

20 Day Auction End Date:

is defined in Clause 12.2(g).

ABM:

is defined in Clause 3.1.

Account Manager:

a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

Additional Bonds:

the Additional Tranche A Bonds, the Additional Tranche B Bonds, the Additional Tranche C1 Bonds and the Additional Tranche C2 Bonds (each defined in Clause 8).

Amended and Restated Bond the amended and restated bond loan agreement originally

Loan Agreement:

dated 10 march 2011 between Cecon 1, Cecon 2, the

Parent Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

3
UKDOCS/1178424 5<11784?.4 8>

4/71

Amendment and Restatement Agreement:

the amendment and restatement agreement dated W <20> February 2013 made between the Parent Borrower, the Subsidiary Borrowers and the Bond Trustee (each as defined in the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement), providing for, among other things, the amendment and restatement of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement.

Attachment: Banking Day:

the attachments to this Bond Loan Agreement.
any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo and New York.

Bond Loan Agreement:

This second amended and restated bond loan agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time.

Bond Security:

the security for the Bonds created or purported to be created pursuant to the Security Documents, which includes, inter alia:
(i) second priority perfected and registered ship mortgages on, and security interests in, each of the Vessels, with the related Deeds of Covenant;
(ii) second priority perfected and registered hypothecs with respect to all movable property related to each of the Vessels;
(iii) second priority perfected Security over the materials and equipment earmarked for use in the construction of the Vessels;
(iv) second priority perfected and registered Security on, assignments of, and security interests over, any monetary claims arising under any of the Completion Contracts;
(v) second priority assignments of insurance in respect of each of the Vessels providing that the Bond Trustee is second loss payee and additional insured in respect of the collateral listed in paragraphs (i) to

L_3627154_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

Bond Trustee:
Bondholders: Bondholders' Meeting: Bonds: Call Option: Cecon 1: Cecon 2: Cecon 3: Chairman:

5/71
(iv) above;
(vi) a second priority pledge over the shares in each Rever Obligor owned by any Obligor;
(vii) a second priority pledge over each of the Cash Management Accounts and any other accounts held by each of the Rever Obligors;
(viii) a second priority charge on certain intercompany debts owing by any Obligor to any Obligor;
(ix) a second priority pledge over any insurances held by each of the Rever Obligors; and
(x) second ranking security over substantially all of the other assets of each Rever Obligor.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee.
the holders of the Bonds, as registered in the Securities Depository.
a meeting of the Bondholders in respect of one or more Issues of the Bonds, as set forth in Clause 15.
collectively, the Tranche A Bonds, the Tranche B Bonds, the Tranche C Bonds and all Additional Bonds.
is defined in Clause 9.2(b).
Cecon Shipping 1 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 677).
Cecon Shipping 2 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 650).
Cecon Shipping 3 AS (Norwegian company no. 991 789 685).
the chairman of the board of directors of the Parent

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

6/71

Guarantor.

Change of Control Event:

if and when any person or a group of persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, acquires Decisive Influence over the Parent Issuer (other than the Parent Guarantor) or the Parent Guarantor.

Completion Contracts:

the vessel completion contracts entered into by the Subsidiary Issuers and Cecon 3 relating to the construction and completion of the Vessels fully equipped (including any insurance and guarantees relating thereto), as the same may be amended, modified or replaced from time to time to the extent permitted by this Bond Loan Agreement.

Construction Schedule:

Budget with respect to any Vessel, the schedule set forth as Attachment 2 with respect to such Vessel, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Construction Progress Report:

the weekly report delivered to the Bond Trustee consisting of (i) any milestone or other reports prepared under any Completion Contracts since the delivery of the prior Construction Progress Report and (ii) a brief comparison of the progress of the construction of the Vessels to the relevant Construction Budget Schedule.

Davie Agreement:

the Subordination and Rights Agreement between Chantier Davie Canada Inc., the Bond Trustee and the Parent Guarantor entered into on or about the date hereof.

Davie Entities:

Chantier Davie Canada Inc. (English version: Davie Canada Yard Inc.), a corporation incorporated under the federal laws of Canada and continued under the provincial laws of Quebec, together with its Subsidiaries; and any alternative yard as set forth in Clause 15.1(j).

Davie Yard: Decisive Influence:

the yard at Levis, Quebec, Canada owned as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement by the Davie Entities.
a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(i) a majority of the voting rights in that other person;

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

Default: Defeasance Pledge: Delivery Date: Distribution: EDC: EDC Loan:
EDC Loan Agreement:
Effective Date: Event of Default:

7/71
or
(ii) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors or comparable governing body of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
an event or condition the occurrence or existence of which would, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both, become an Event of Default.
is defined in Clause 17.2.
with respect to each Vessel, the date of execution of the Protocol of Delivery and Acceptance as set forth in Clause 6.4.3 of each of the Completion Contracts.
is defined in Clause 12.2(d).
Export Development Canada.
the indebtedness (including indebtedness under hedging instruments for reducing currency and interest rate exposure related to such indebtedness) advanced to the Vessel Owning Companies pursuant to the EDC Loan Agreement exclusively for the part-financing of the Vessels.
the loan agreement dated April 23, 2009 between the Vessel Owning Companies and EDC, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, replaced or refinanced from time to time, including through the Effective Date.
has the meaning given to that term in the Amendment and Restatement Agreement.
is defined in Clause 14.1.

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

Exchange: Exercise Price: Exercise Right: Face Value Finance Documents:
Financial Indebtedness:

8/71
(i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
is defined in Attachment 1.
is defined in Attachment 1.
means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.
means (i) the Original Bond Loan Agreement, as amended and restated in the form of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement and further amended and restated in the form of this Bond Loan Agreement, (ii) the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, (iii) the fee agreement according to Clause 13.1, (iv) the Guarantee Agreement(s), (v) each Security Document and any other documents executed in relation to the granting of any Bond Security, (vi) the Davie Agreement and (v) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by any Obligor in relation to any obligation under the Original Bond Loan Agreement, as amended and restated in the form of the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement and as further amended and restated in the form of this Bond Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition (each as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time).
any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(i) moneys borrowed;
(ii) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

9/71
(iv) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(v) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(vi) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(viii) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vii) above.

Financial Statements:
GAAP: Governmental Authority:

the audited unconsolidated annual financial statements of each Obligor, and the consolidated annual financial statements (including consolidating adjustments) of the Parent Issuer and the Parent Guarantor for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the board of directors.
the generally accepted accounting principles in Norway; provided that such principles are IFRS-compliant.
any government, parliament, legislature, or any regulatory authority, agency, commission or board of any government, parliament or legislature, or any court or (without limitation to the foregoing) any other law, regulation or rule-making entity (including, without limitation, any stock exchange, securities regulatory authority, central bank, fiscal or monetary authority or authority regulating banks), having jurisdiction in the

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

Group: Group Company: Guarantee Agreement: Guarantees:
Guarantor: Hull 717: Hull 718: Hull 719: IFRS: Instruments: Instrument Holders: Intercreditor Agreement:

10/71
relevant circumstances.
the Parent Issuer and its Subsidiaries (direct and indirect).
the Parent Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
The guarantee agreement executed among the Obligors dated on or about the date hereof, as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time.
an unconditional, irrevocable and joint and several on-demand guarantee from the Obligors securing all payment obligations of each of the Issuers under the Finance Documents, pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.
at any time, any member of the Group that provides, or is required to provide, a Guarantee at such time.
the VS 4220 Offshore Construction Vessel owned by Cecon 2 and under construction at Davie Yard as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement with yard no. 717.
the VS 4220 Offshore Construction Vessel owned by Cecon 1 and under construction at Davie Yard as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement with yard no. 718.
the VS 4220 Offshore Construction Vessel owned by Cecon 3 and under construction at Davie Yard as at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement with yard no. 719.
the international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002.
means the Bonds and the Warrants.
means the Bondholders and the Warrantholders.
the intercreditor and subordination agreement dated on or about the date hereof among the Security Agent and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as security agent for the New Bonds, as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

Interim Accounts:
Interest Payment Dates: ISIN: Issue: Issuers:
Issuers' Bonds:
Milestone Date: Money Laundering Laws: Mortgaged Vessels: New Bondholders: New Bonds:

11/71
modified, from time to time.
the unaudited unconsolidated quarterly financial statements of each Obligor, and the consolidated quarterly financial statements (including consolidating adjustments) of the Parent Issuer and the Parent Guarantor for any quarter, drawn up according to GAAP.
18 March, 18 June, 18 September and 18 December in each year, commencing on 18 March 2013.
International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of each Issue.
with respect to any Bonds, the issue of such Bonds.
the Parent Issuer and the Subsidiary Issuers; provided that "Issuers" shall not include any entity that has been released from its Guarantee pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.
with respect to any Issue of Bonds, any Bonds owned by any Obligor, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over any Obligor, or any person or persons over whom any Obligor has Decisive Influence. For the avoidance of doubt, Issuers' Bonds shall not include any Bonds held by or for the benefit of York, subject to York holding less than 50% of the voting rights in each Obligor.
with respect to any Vessel, any milestone date as set forth in the Construction Budget Schedule with respect to such Vessel.
is defined in Clause 6.1(u).
Hull 717, Hull 718 and Hull 719.
the New Tranche A Bondholders, the New Tranche B Bondholders, the New Tranche C Bondholders and/or the New Tranche D Bondholders, as applicable.
collectively, the New Tranche A Bonds, the New

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

12/71

Tranche B Bonds, the New Tranche C Bonds, the New Tranche D Bonds and any Additional Bonds (as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement) thereto.

New Bond Loan Agreement:

the bond loan agreement with respect to the New Bonds dated on or about the date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time).

New Bonds Security:

the security for the New Bonds created or purported to be created pursuant to the Security Documents, which includes, inter alia:
(i) first priority perfected and registered ship mortgages on, and security interests in, each of the Vessels, with the related Deeds of Covenants;
(ii) first priority perfected and registered hypothecs with respect to all movable property related to each of the Vessels;
(iii) first priority perfected Security over the materials and equipment earmarked for use in the construction of the Vessels;
(iv) first priority perfected and registered Security on, assignments of, and security interests over, any monetary claims arising under any of the Completion Contracts;
(v) first priority assignments of insurance in respect of each of the Vessels providing that the Bond Trustee is first loss payee and additional insured in respect of the collateral listed in paragraphs (i) to (iv) above;
(vi) a first priority pledge over the shares in each Rever Obligor owned by any Obligor;
(vii) a first priority pledge over each of the Cash Management Accounts and any other accounts held by each of the Rever Obligors;
(viii) a first priority charge on certain intercompany debts owing by any Obligor to any Obligor;
(ix) a first priority pledge over any insurances held by

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

13/71

each of the Rever Obligors; and
first ranking security over substantially all of the other assets of each Rever Obligor.

New Tranche A Bonds:

the Tranche A Bonds as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement.

New Tranche B Bonds:

the Tranche B Bonds as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement.

New Tranche C Bonds:

the Tranche C Bonds as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement.

New Tranche D Bonds:

the Tranche D Bonds as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement.

New Tranche A Bondholders: the holders of the New Tranche A Bonds.

New Tranche B Bondholders: the holders of the New Tranche B Bonds.

New Tranche C Bondholders: the holders of the New Tranche C Bonds.

New Tranche D Bondholders: the holders of the New Tranche D Bonds.

NOK:

Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.

Non-Rever Group:

collectively, the Parent Issuer and its Subsidiaries other than the Rever Obligors.

Obligor:

the Issuers , Cecon 3and each Guarantor; provided that "Obligor" shall not include any entity that has been released from its Guarantee pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.

OFAC:

is defined in Clause 6.1(v).

Original Bond Agreement

Loan

Collectively, the amended and restated bond loan agreements originally dated 30 April 2007 and 30 April 2009, each between the Parent Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

Outstanding Bonds:

(i) in respect of any Issue of Bonds, the aggregate

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

Parent Issuer: Parent Guarantor: Paying Agent: Payment Date:
Permitted 719 Financing:
Permitted Refinancing:
Put Option: Refinancing Obligor: Regulation D: Regulation S:

14/71
outstanding principal amount of that Issue; and
(ii) in respect of all of the Bonds, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Issues.
Cecon ASA (Norwegian Company No 938 803 595), the ultimate parent company of each of the Issuers.
Rever Offshore AS (Norwegian Company No 899 329 872), the parent company of each of the Subsidiary Issuers and Cecon 3.
the legal entity appointed by the Issuers to act as their paying agent in the Securities Depositary with respect to the Bonds.
a date for due payment of principal or interest under this Bond Loan Agreement. If a Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the relevant payments shall be made on the following Banking Day.
shall have the meaning given to that term in the New Bond Loan Agreement, as in effect on the Effective Date and provided further that the terms shall be no less favourable from the relevant issuer/borrower and Bondholders' perspective than the terms of the New Tranche D Bonds.
shall have the meaning given to that term in the New Bond Loan Agreement, as in effect on the Effective Date and provided further that the terms shall be no less favorable from the relevant issuer and Bondholders' perspective than the terms of the New Bonds being so refinanced.
is defined in Clause 9.6(a).
is defined in Clause 1.3(b).
Regulation D adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the US Securities Act.
Regulation S adopted by the U.S. Securities and

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

15/71

Rever Obligor:

Exchange Commission under the US Securities Act.
the Parent Guarantor, the Subsidiary Issuers, Cecon 3 and each Guarantor other than the Parent Issuer.

Rule 144A:

Rule 144A under the US Securities Act.

SDN List: Securities Depository:

is defined in Clause 6.1(v).
the securities depository in which each Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

Securities Depository Act:

the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Security:

any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothec, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

Security Agent:
Security and Defeasance:

the Bond Trustee or any other bank or institution appointed to act as such pursuant to Clause 16.4.
Covenant Shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 17.2.

Security Documents:

any document creating, establishing, recording, confirming, evidencing or preserving or otherwise related to any security relating to the Bonds and the New Bonds (each as amended, restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, from time to time), including each of the following documents:
(i) the Intercreditor Agreement;
(ii) deeds of hypothec with respect to all movable property related to each of the Vessels;
(iii) a formalities certificate and related statement of completeness delivered by the Obligors;
(iv) a security agreement pertaining to insurance, intercompany debt, floating charges over trade receivables, machinery and plant and inventory,

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

16/71
and a pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee over each of the Cash Management Accounts and any other accounts held by the Rever Obligors;
(v) a pledge agreement with respect to the Parent Guarantor's shares in Cecon 1, Cecon 2 and Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee, together with notices of pledge and acknowledgements of notice;
(vi) a pledge agreement with respect to the Parent Issuer's shares in the Parent Guarantor in favour of the Bond Trustee together with notice of pledge and acknowledgement of notice;
(vii) a pledge over certain intercompany debts owed by any Obligor to any Obligor;
(viii) assignment(s) in respect of the First Priority Assignments of Insurance and the Second Priority Assignments of Insurance;
(ix) a Builder's Mortgage in respect of Hull 717 by Cecon 2 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(x) a Deed of Covenants in respect of Hull 717 by Cecon 2 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xi) an Assignment of Insurance in respect of Hull 717 by Cecon 2 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xii) a Builder's Mortgage in respect of Hull 718 by Cecon 1 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xiii) a Deed of Covenants in respect of Hull 718 by Cecon 1 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xiv) an Assignment of Insurance in respect of Hull 718 by Cecon 1 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xv) a Builder's Mortgage in respect of Hull 719 by Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(xvi) a Deed of Covenants in respect of Hull 719 by Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee; and
(xvii) an Assignment of Insurance in respect of Hull 719 by Cecon 3 in favour of the Bond Trustee;
together with any documents, certificates and instruments reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in order to perfect the security interests granted pursuant to
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

Share: Solvent:
Stamdata: Subsidiary: Subsidiary Issuers: Tranche A Bonds:
Tranche A Maturity Date: Tranche B Bonds:

17/71
the Security Documents.
is defined in Attachment 1.
with respect to any person or entity as of any date of determination, that, as of such date, (a) the value of the assets of such person or entity (both at fair value and present fair saleable value) is greater than the total amount of liabilities (including contingent and unliquidated liabilities) of such person or entity, (b) such person or entity is able to pay all liabilities of such person or entity as such liabilities mature and (c) such person or entity does not have unreasonably small capital. In computing the amount of contingent or unliquidated liabilities at any time, such liabilities shall be computed at the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.
the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
Cecon 1 and Cecon 2.
the bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement constituting the Parent Issuer's 5.0 per cent Cecon ASA Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2001/2013 with Warrants, with ISIN NO 011 0604697, which shall include the Additional Tranche A Bonds.
31 December 2014.
the bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement constituting the Subsidiary Borrowers' 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 0604705, which shall include the Additional Tranche B Bonds.

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

18/71

Tranche B and C Maturity 18 March 2016. Date:

Tranche C Bonds:

collectively, the Tranche C1 Bonds and the Tranche C2 Bonds.

Tranche C1 Bonds:

the bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement constituting the Subsidiary Borrowers' 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C1 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 036425.0, which shall include the Additional C1 Bonds.

Tranche C2 Bonds

the bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement constituting the Subsidiary Borrowers' 8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C2 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 050672.8, which shall include the Additional C2 Bonds.

US Exchange Act:

the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

US Securities Act:

the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

USD:

US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

Vessels:

Hull 717, Hull 718 and Hull 719 (each a "Vessel"), to the extent the same constitute Bond Security.

Voting Bonds:

in respect of any Issue, all of the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue other than Issuers' Bonds.

Warrantholders:

means the holders of the Warrants from time to time, each a "Warrantholder".

Warrants:

means the rights to subscribe for new shares in the Parent Issuer issued to the Bondholders of Tranche A Bonds on the terms set forth in Clause 2.8 and Attachment 1.

York:

one or more Bondholders or holders of shares issued by the Parent Guarantor controlled by York Capital

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

19/71
Management Global Advisors, LLC (a company existing under the laws of New York with SEC File No. 801-70315) or its affiliates.
1.2 Construction. In this Bond Loan Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses and Attachments are references to the Clauses of and Attachments to this Bond Loan Agreement;
(d) any reference to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;
(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;
(f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors or comparable governing body of the Parent Guarantor or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise;
(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality);
(h) any reference to a "Maturity Date" shall be a reference to the Tranche A Maturity Date and the Tranche B and C Maturity Date, as applicable;
(i) any reference to an "Issuer" of the Bonds shall be a reference to the Parent Issuer, Cecon 1 and Cecon 2, as applicable; and
(j) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.
1.3 Intercreditor Agreement.
(a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) (A) the liens and security interests granted to the Second Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) are expressly subject and subordinate to the liens and security interests granted in favour of the First Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

20/71

Agreement), including liens and security interests granted to the First Security

Agent, in its capacity as bond trustee and security agent pursuant to or in

connection with the New Bond Loan Agreement and (B) the exercise of any right

or remedy by the Security Agent or any Bondholder hereunder is subject to the

limitations and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) the obligations of

the Obligors hereunder shall be subordinate to the First Indebtedness (as defined in

the Intercreditor Agreement) to the extent, and in the manner, set forth in the

Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the

Intercreditor Agreement and the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement, the terms of

the

Intercreditor

Agreement

shall

govern.

By its acquisition or holding of any Bonds, each Bondholder shall be deemed to (i) consent to the subordination of the Bond Security and payment provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) agree that it will be bound by and will take no actions contrary to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, (iii) authorize and instruct the Bond Trustee to enter into the Intercreditor Agreement as security agent and on behalf of such Bondholder and (iv) acknowledge and agree that the Bond Trustee shall also act, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, as the security agent for the bondholders and other secured parties under the New Bond Loan Agreement.

The foregoing provisions are intended as an inducement to the New Bondholders to permit the incurrence or issuance of Financial Indebtedness under this Bond Loan Agreement in favor of the Obligors and the New Bondholders are intended third party beneficiaries of such provisions.

(b) In case of a Permitted Refinancing in respect of New Bonds issued by any of the Subsidiary Issuers or a Permitted 719 Financing in respect of Cecon 3 (a "Refinancing Obligor"), (i) any claim the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders may have, present or future, against the Refinancing Obligor shall be subordinated to the claims, present or future, of the providers of the Permitted Refinancing and the Permitted 719 Financing (as applicable) and their agents and trustees have against the Refinancing Obligor (ii) and the Bond Security over the shares in and the assets of the Refinancing Obligor shall rank in priority behind any security interests over those assets securing the Permitted Refinancing and the Permitted 719 Financing (as applicable) and associated obligations, on terms no more onerous to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders than the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall, as trustee for the Bondholders, as soon as practically possible enter into such intercreditor agreement(s) and take such actions as are required to give effect to and accomplish the foregoing.

2

The Bonds and the Warrants

2.1 Binding nature of this Bond Loan Agreement. By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

21/71
bound by the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and each other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
This Bond Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuers. The Issuers shall ensure that this Bond Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Loan Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.
2.2 Tranche A Bonds. The Parent Issuer has issued Tranche A Bonds in the aggregate amount of USD 7,000,000. The Face Value is USD 1.00 each and rank p a r i p a ssu between themselves and in right of payment with all other senior indebtedness of the Parent Issuer.
The Tranche A Bonds is described as the "5.0 per cent Cecon ASA Tranche A Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2001/2013 with Warrants".
The ISIN Tranche A Bonds is NO 011 0604697.
The term of the Tranche A Bonds is from and including the original issue date of the Tranche A Bonds to the Tranche A Maturity Date.
2.3 Tranche B Bonds. The Subsidiary Issuers have issued Tranche B Bonds in the aggregate amount of USD 57,939,850. The Face Value is USD 1.00 each and (a) rank pari passu between themselves, (b) junior to the Tranche A Bonds and (c) senior to the Tranche C Bonds.
The Tranche B Bonds is described as the "8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche B Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016".
The ISIN Tranche B Bonds is NO 001 0604705.
The term of the Tranche B Bonds is from and including the original issue date of each of the Tranche B Bonds to the Tranche B and C Maturity Date.
2.4 Tranche C1 Bonds. The Subsidiary Issuers have issued Tranche C1 Bonds in the aggregate amount of USD 14,034,384. The Face Value is USD 1.00 each and (a) rank pari passu between themselves and the Tranche C2 Bonds and (b) junior to the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds.
The Tranche B Bonds is described as the "8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C1 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 036425.0".
The ISIN Tranche C1 Bonds is NO 001 036425.0.
The term of the Tranche C1 Bonds is from and including the original issue date of each of the Tranche C1 Bonds to the Tranche B and C Maturity Date.
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

22/71
2.5 Tranche C2 Bonds. The Subsidiary Issuers have issued Tranche C2 Bonds in the aggregate amount of USD 9,681,862. The Face Value is USD 1.00 each and (a) rank pari passu between themselves and the Tranche C1 Bonds and (b) junior to the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds.
The Tranche C2 Bonds is described as the "8.0 per cent Cecon Shipping 1 AS and Cecon Shipping 2 AS Tranche C2 Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2011/2016, with ISIN NO 001 050672.8".
The ISIN Tranche C1 Bonds is NO 001 050672.8.
The term of the Tranche C2 Bonds is from and including the original issue date of each of the Tranche C2 Bonds to the Tranche B and C Maturity Date.
2.6 Additional Bonds.
(a) The Parent Issuers has resolved to issue Additional Tranche A Bonds to the Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds on each Interest Payment Date in amounts equal to accrued interest on the then outstanding Tranche A Bonds, as further set out in Clause 8.1 and Clause 8.3. The Additional Tranche A Bonds shall constitute Tranche A Bonds and each Additional Tranche A Bond shall have the same rights as the other Tranche A Bonds from the date each Additional Tranche A Bond is registered in the Securities Registry.
(b) The Subsidiary Issuers have resolved to issue:
(i) Additional Tranche B Bonds to the Bondholders holding Tranche B Bonds on each Interest Payment Date up to and including the Interest Payment Date occurring on 18 March 2015 in amounts equal to accrued interest on the then outstanding Tranche B Bonds;
(ii) Additional Tranche C1 Bonds to Bondholders holding Tranche C1 Bonds on each Interest Payment Date up to and including the Interest Payment Date occurring on 18 March 2015 in amounts equal to accrued interest on the then outstanding Tranche C1 Bonds; and
(iii) Additional Tranche C2 Bonds to Bondholders holding Tranche C2 Bonds on each Interest Payment Date up to and including the Interest Payment Date occurring on 18 March 2015 in amounts equal to accrued interest on the then outstanding Tranche C2 Bonds,
in each case as set out in Clause 8.2 and Clause 8.3
(c) Each Additional Bond shall have the same terms and rights as the original Bonds in its Issue and shall be deemed to constitute a part of such Issue, in each case from the date each Additional Bond is registered in the Securities Registry.
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

23/71
2.7 Release and assumption of obligations and liabilities. When a Subsidiary Issuer is released from its Guarantee pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement, it shall automatically also be released from its obligations and liabilities as issuer of Bonds issued by it. At the same time, the Parent Guarantor will automatically assume those obligations and liabilities as if it was the original issuer and primary obligor thereof. For the sake of clarification, (i) if only one of the Subsidiary Issuers have been so released from its obligations and liabilities as issuer, the Parent Guarantor will assume the obligations and liabilities of the released Subsidiary Issuer as issuer, leaving the liabilities and obligations of the remaining Subsidiary Issuer unchanged, but (ii) if both Subsidiary Issuers have been so released from their obligations as issuers, the Parent Guarantor will remain as sole issuer and primary obligor in respect thereof. The relevant Subsidiary Issuer, the Parent Guarantor and the Bond Trustee shall each take any and all steps necessary to effect the release of liabilities and obligations and corresponding assumption of such liabilities and obligations contemplated by this Clause 2.7.
2.8 Warrants. By subscribing to the Tranche A Bonds under the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement, each bondholder of Tranche A Bonds was allocated 9.2857 (nine point two eight five seven) Warrants for each allotted Tranche A Bond (subject to rounding), the total number of Warrants issued thereunder being 65,000,000.
For each Warrant, the Warrantholder is entitled to exercise the Exercise Right and with that the right to purchase one (1) Share at the Exercise Price (all as defined and as set out in Attachment 1).
The Warrants are separately tradable from the Tranche A Bonds.
The registration number (ISIN) of the Warrants is NO 001 0605090.
The exercise of the Exercise Right and adjustments to the Exercise Price shall be governed by the provisions set out in Attachment 1 (W a rra n t C onditions).
3 Listing
3.1 The Bonds will initially not be listed on an Exchange. An application may be made for listing on Oslo Børs or Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM") or the OTC-list in Oslo at the discretion of the applicable Issuer.
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the applicable Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.
3.3 The Parent Issuer shall procure that the Warrants are listed on Oslo Axess at all times prior to the earlier of (i) the Tranche A Maturity Date, and (ii) the first date on which no Warrants are outstanding.
4 Registration in the Securities Depository
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

24/71
4.1 Each Issue and the Bonds shall prior to issuance be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions of the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Issuers shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Loan Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.
4.3 The Bonds and Warrants have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuers are under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds or the Warrants under the US Securities Act.
5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds
5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Loan Agreement.
6 Representations and Warranties
6.1 The Obligors hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Instrument Holders that:
(a) each of the Obligors is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) each of the Obligors has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
(c) the Finance Documents and the Bonds constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto (other than the Bond Trustee), enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Obligors and/or for any Bond Security to constitute a valid and enforceable, perfected security interest in the property purported to be subject to such a security interest; except as enforceability may be limited by applicable
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

25/71
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law);
(d) the entry into and performance by each Obligor of the Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby and the issuance of the Bonds do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on that Obligor;
(e) immediately after the Effective Date, no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Obligors or any of their assets, or which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Obligors to perform their obligations under the Finance Documents;
(f) all documents and information which have been provided in connection with the amendment and restatement of the Bonds occurring on the Effective Date represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Obligors' ability to perform their duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of all persons (including Governmental Authorities) required for the Obligors in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of Governmental Authorities required for the Obligors to carry on their businesses as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect;
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding, including with respect to environmental matters, is pending or, to the best of the Obligors' knowledge, threatened against any Obligor which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of that Obligor or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) the Obligors are not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which they may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuers' payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at leastp a r i p a ssu with the claims of all its other secured,
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

26/71
unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally;
(l) immediately after the Effective Date and the Parent Issuer's purchase of the EDC Loan, none of the Issuers has any Financial Indebtedness except for the New Bonds, the Bonds and Financial Indebtedness owed to the Obligors;
(m) each of the Obligors has conducted and is conducting its business in compliance with all applicable laws (including all applicable environmental laws and regulations) of each jurisdiction in which its business is carried on, other than acts of non-compliance that would not materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of that Obligor or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(n) the most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts of the Obligors indicate fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Obligors and their Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the periods therein specified, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP;
(o) there are no other material liabilities of the Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise), except as disclosed in the Financial Statements, and there has been no material change (whether actual, anticipated, contemplated or threatened, financial or otherwise) since the date of the most recent Financial Statements which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of that Obligor or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(p) none of the Obligors has distributed or referred to and will not distribute or refer to any written communications (as defined in Rule 405 of the US Securities Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Bonds other than the Disclosure Documents;
(q) none of the Obligors is and none of the Obligors owns or controls an open-end investment company, closed-end investment company, unit investment trust or face-amount certificate company that is or is required to be registered under Section 8 of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;
(r) none of the Obligors, their Subsidiaries or any person acting on their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) with respect to the Bonds or has taken or will take any action (including sale of securities into the United States) that would cause the exemption afforded by Rule 144A or Regulation S to be unavailable for offers and sales of the Bonds pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement;
L_3627154_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

27/71
(s) none of the Obligors or their Subsidiaries or any person acting on their behalf has offered or will offer to sell, or has solicited or will solicit offers to buy, the Bonds in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons, by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Regulation D) or in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of the US Securities Act;
(t) none of the Obligors nor, to the knowledge of the Obligors, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of any Obligors is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of any applicable anticorruption laws, including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any "foreign official" (as such term may be defined in the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of applicable anticorruption laws; and the Obligors and, to the knowledge of the Obligors, their affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with all applicable anticorruption laws and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith;
(u) the operations of the Obligors are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable money laundering statutes and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the "Money Laundering Laws") and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authorities or any arbitrator involving any Obligor with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Obligors, threatened;
(v) none of the Obligors nor, to the knowledge of the Obligors, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of any Obligor is currently included on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (the "SDN List") dated the date hereof and made available to the public on the internet site maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department ("OFAC"); and the Obligors will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Bonds, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, any joint venture partner or other person, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently included on the SDN List maintained by OFAC;
(w) each Obligor and its Subsidiaries has filed, has caused to be filed or has been included in all tax returns that are required to be filed and has paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, together with applicable interest and penalties, and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than any the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

28/71

reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the relevant Obligor or its Subsidiary); no tax lien has been filed, and, to the knowledge of the Obligors, no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such tax, fee or other charge; no Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries is party to any tax sharing agreement;

(x) the Obligors have reviewed the Construction Budget Schedule, believe it to be reasonable and attainable, and know of no reason why it cannot reasonably be expected to be achieved;

(y) the Obligors have reviewed the valuations of each of the Vessels, believe them to be an accurate and fair estimate of the relevant values, subject to the assumptions contained therein (which assumptions the Obligors believe to be reasonable);

(z) on the Effective Date and assuming that the proceeds of the New Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds will be made available to the relevant Obligor in accordance with the terms of the New Bond Loan Agreement immediately after the occurrence of the Effective Date, the Obligors taken as a whole and individually are Solvent;

(aa) other than as set forth in the Financial Statements, including the notes thereto, there are no transactions of any kind between the Obligors and any of their respective affiliates, and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to such Obligor than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time; and

(bb) Cecon 2 is the rightful and legal owner of Hull 717, Cecon 1 is the rightful and legal owner of Hull 718 and Cecon 3 is the rightful and legal owner of Hull 719.

6.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 6.1 are made on the Effective Date.

6.3 In the event of a misrepresentation, the Obligors shall jointly and severally indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered by it and by the Bondholders after the Effective Date and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its and their reliance on the representations and warranties provided by the Obligors herein.

7

Status of the Bonds and Bond Security

7.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuers. The Bonds shall rank ahead of all subordinated capital of the relevant Issuer, and shall rankp a ri p a ssu with all other senior obligations of the Issuers other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. Each Guarantee shall rank ahead of all subordinated capital of the relevant Guarantor and shall rank p a r i p a ssu with all other senior obligations of the relevant Guarantor other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law.

7.2 The Bonds, interest (if any), redemption premium (if any) and expenses, shall be secured by the Bond Security and shall be guaranteed by the Guarantors pursuant to the Guarantees.

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

29/71

7.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, but always subject to Clause 7.4, the Bond Security shall secure the Bonds in the following order:

(a) fir s t, the Tranche A Bonds;

(b) second, the Tranche B Bonds; and

(c) third, the Tranche C Bonds.

7.4 After the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, any amounts or property (of any kind or character, whether in cash, securities or other property) from time to time received or recovered (including any such recovery by set-off, account combination or payment netting) by or on behalf of the Bond Trustee with respect to any of the amounts owing under the Finance Documents and/or in connection with the enforcement of the Finance Documents and/or the Bond Security shall be applied:

(a) fir s t, to the repayment in full of all amounts owing in respect of the Tranche A Bonds (including unpaid interest, redemption premium (if any) and fees);

(b) second, to the repayment in full of all amounts owing in respect of the Tranche B Bonds (including unpaid interest, redemption premium (if any) and fees);

(c) third, to the repayment in full of all amounts owing in respect of the Tranche C Bonds (including unpaid interest, redemption premium (if any) and fees); and

(d) fo u rth , the balance, if any, to the Issuers.

8

Interest

8.1 Tranche A. The Parent Issuer shall pay interest on the Tranche A Bonds from and including the Effective Date at a fixed rate of 8.75 per cent. per annum. Accrued interest shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date and shall be settled through the issuance of additional Tranche A Bonds to the holders of Tranche A Bonds (the "Additional Tranche A Bonds"). The number of Additional Tranche A Bonds allocated to a Bondholder holding Tranche A Bonds shall be made by dividing (x) the total accrued interest amount for the Tranche A Bonds for the three months ending on the relevant Interest Date with (y) the total number of Tranche A Bonds of that Bondholder, provided that the total number of Additional Tranche A Bonds allocated to a Bondholder shall be rounded to the nearest USD 1.00.

8.2 Tranche B and Tranche C.

(a) The Subsidiary Issuers shall pay interest on the Tranche B Bonds and the Tranche C Bonds respectively from and including the Effective Date at the following rate:

(i) a fixed rate of 15.00 per cent. per annum, if (A) the New Tranche C Bonds have been issued and, (B) on the date on which the New Tranche C Bonds

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

30/71
are issued, there is no binding agreement in place in favour of Cecon 2 for (x) a sale ofHull 717 or Hull 718 or (y) the employment of Hull 717 or Hull 718, in each case subject only to the satisfaction of conditions substantially in line with market practice for a sale or employment of a similar vessel in a similar location and condition (collectively, a "Binding Agreement");
(ii) a fixed rate of 10.00 per cent. per annum if either (x) no New Tranche C Bonds have been issued or (y) if (i) the New Tranche C Bonds have been issued and, on the date on which the New Tranche C Bonds are issued, there is a Binding Agreement in place or (ii) if, following the issue of the New Tranche C Bonds, there is subsequently put in place a Binding Agreement.
If the fixed interest rate referred to above changes between two Interest Payment Dates, the relevant fixed rate will be applied for the relevant number of days within that interest period.
(b) Accrued interest shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date, as follows:
Up to and including the Interest Payment Date on or immediately after (as applicable) the later to occur of (i) 18 March 2015 and (ii) the Delivery Date of Hull 717 and Hull 718 (the "Last PIK Interest Date"):
(i) accrued interest on the Tranche B Bonds shall be settled through the issuance of additional Tranche B Bonds to the holders of Tranche B Bonds (the "Additional Tranche B Bonds");
(ii) accrued interest on the Tranche C1 Bonds shall be settled through the issuance of additional Tranche C1 Bonds to the holders of Tranche B Bonds (the "Additional Tranche C1 Bonds"); and
(iii) accrued interest on the Tranche C2 Bonds shall be settled through the issuance of additional Tranche C2 Bonds to the holders of Tranche C2 Bonds (the "Additional Tranche C2 Bonds"),
in each case so that the number of Additional Bonds allocated to a Bondholder with respect to an Issue shall be made by dividing (x) the total accrued interest amount for the relevant Issue (e.g. Tranche B Bonds in respect of a calculating Additional Tranche B Bonds to a Bondholder holding Tranche B Bonds) for the three months ending on the relevant Interest Date with (y) the total number of Bonds held by the relevant Bondholder in each relevant Issue (e.g. Tranche B Bonds in respect of a calculating Additional Tranche B Bonds to a Bondholder holding Tranche B Bonds), provided that the total number of Additional Bonds in each relevant Issue allocated to a Bondholder shall be rounded to the nearest USD 1.00.
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

31/71
In respect of each Interest Payment Date to occur after the Last PIK Interest Date, payment of interest on the Tranche B Bonds and the Tranche C Bonds shall be made in cash.
8.3 Accrued interest under the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement: Accrued and unpaid interest under the Amended and Restated Bond Loan Agreement on the Bonds up to the Effective Date shall become due and payable on or around the Effective Date and shall be settled by each respective Issuer issuing Additional Bonds to the relevant Bondholders.
8.4 Interest Calculations. Interest with respect to the Bonds shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless:
(a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or
(b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
9 Maturity of the Bonds, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option
9.1 Tranche A Maturity Date and Call Option.
(a) The Tranche A Bonds will mature in whole on the Tranche A Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount of the Tranche A Bonds) plus any accrued interest.
(b) The Parent Issuer may redeem all or parts of the Tranche A Bonds (the "Tranche A Call Option") on the Interest Payment Date in March 2013 at 103% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
9.2 Tranche B-and-C Maturity Date and Call Option.
(a) The Tranche B Bonds and Tranche C Bonds will mature in whole on the Tranche B and C Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount of the Tranche B Bonds and the Tranche C Bonds (as applicable) plus accrued interest.<
(b) <If the Tranche A Loan has been repaid in full, the Subsidiary Issuer may redeem all or parts of the Tranche B Bonds as follows (the "Tranche B Call Option"):><
(i) <on the Interest Payment Date in March 2013 at 107% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount:><
(ii) ><on the Interest Payment Date in March 2014 at 105% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount: and><
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

32/71
(iii) ><on the Interest Payment Date in March 2015 at 103% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.><
9.3 ><Tranche C Maturity Date and Call OntionX
(a) ><The Tranche C Bonds will mature in whole on the Tranche B and C Maturity Date at par (100% of the principal face amount of the Tranche C Bonds) plus accrued interest.>
(b) If the Tranche A Loan has been repaid in full, the Subsidiary Issuer may redeem all or parts of the Tranche B Bonds or<If each of the Tranche A Loan and the Tranche B Loan have been repaid in full, the Subsidiary Issuer may redeem all or parts of the> Tranche C Bonds as follows (the "Tranche B and C Call Option" and< together with> each of the Tranche A Call Option and Tranche B and C Call Option, a "Call Option"):
(i) on the Interest Payment Date in March 2013 at 107% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount;
(ii) on the Interest Payment Date in March 2014 at 105% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount; and
(iii) on the Interest Payment Date in March 2015 at 103% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
9.4 9-3-Call Option Exercise.
(a) Should an Issuer exercise any Call Option, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository) no later than 30 Banking Days before the date of redemption.
(b) Partial redemption of any Issue of the Bonds must be carried out p ro rata among the Bondholders in that Issue (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).
(c) Bonds of any Issue redeemed by an Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds in respect of that Issue.
9.5 9 4 Cash Sweep.
(a) On each Interest Payment Date commencing on and from (and including) 18 March 2013, provided that the New Bonds and all amounts outstanding in relation thereto have been repaid and all commitments from York to purchase New Bonds for the purpose of financing the completion of the Vessels have expired, any Excess Cash in excess of USD 200,000 of the Group shall be applied by the Parent Issuer< or the Subsidiary Issuers (as applicable)> in redemption of the Bonds (in part or in whole) at a price equal to 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

33/71
amount), provided that such Bonds and accrued interest thereon shall be redeemed in the priority set out in Clause 7.4, and at the relevant Interest Payment Date the Parent Issuer <or the Subsidiary Issuers (as applicable) >shall provide the Bond Trustee with a detailed calculation of the Cash within the Group and an analysis of its availability as Excess Cash for the purpose of this Clause 9 4-<9.5.>
(b) In this Clause 9-4<9.5>:
"Cash" shall mean at any time for any member of the Group, the aggregate of (i) cash at bank, in hand or on deposit denominated in US dollars or any currency freely convertible into US dollars to which such Group member and its subsidiaries are alone beneficially entitled at that time and which is freely and immediately available to be applied in redemption of the Bonds plus (ii) Cash Equivalents but shall not include 717 Surplus Proceeds or 718 Surplus Proceeds.
"Cash Equivalents" means
(i) security denominated in US dollars or any currency freely convertible into US Dollars, excluding any Bonds held by the Parent Issuer or the Subsidiary Issuers;
(ii) commercial paper denominated in US dollars or any currency freely convertible into US dollars;
(iii) certificates of deposit, time deposits, Eurocurrency time deposits, overnight bank deposits, or bankers' acceptances denominated in US dollars or any currency freely convertible into US dollars;
(iv) repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above; and
(v) investments in money market or mutual funds which invest substantially all their assets in securities of the type described in paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above.
"Excess Cash" shall mean the amount (as calculated (i) in respect of each Interest Payment Date starting 18 March 2013 and (ii) after taking into account the payment of all cash interest, principal and other amounts that shall be paid under the Bond Loan Agreement on such Interest Payment Date) by which the aggregate amount of Cash that is freely and immediately available and credited to accounts in the name of (or held in accounts on behalf of) each member of the Group on the date that is five Banking Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date exceeds NOK 20,000,000, as calculated and reasonably determined by the Parent Issuer acting in good faith.
9.6 9.5-Surplus proceeds.
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

34/71
(a) If there are surplus proceeds of sale from the sale of Hull 717 or the shares in the entity which owns Hull 717, once the New Tranche A Bonds and New Tranche B Bonds and any related New Additional Bonds have been repaid in full, (the "717 Surplus Proceeds"), the 717 Surplus Proceeds shall be applied as follows:
(i) up to USD 5,000,000 may be used for general corporate purposes of the Parent Guarantor; and
(ii) the balance may be used to fund completion of Hull 718 and Hull 719 and for no other purpose.
(b) If there are surplus proceeds of sale from the sale of Hull 718 or the shares in the entity which owns Hull 718, once the New Tranche C Bonds and any related New Additional Bonds have been repaid in full (the "718 Surplus Proceeds"), the 718 Surplus Proceeds shall be applied as follows:
(i) up to USD 5,000,000 may be used for general corporate purposes of the Parent Guarantor; and
(ii) the balance may be used to fund completion of Hull 719, and for no other purpose.
(c) If there are surplus proceeds of sale from the sale of Hull 719 or the shares in the entity which owns Hull 719, once the New Tranche D bonds and any related New Additional Bonds, or any Permitted 719 Refinancing indebtedness (as applicable) has been repaid in full (the "719 Surplus Proceeds"), the 719 Surplus Proceeds shall be paid into a segregated, blocked bank account, secured in favour of the Bond Trustee, on terms that the 719 Surplus Proceeds may only be applied in repayment or prepayment of the Bonds< in accordance with the priority set out in Clause 7.4> and the consent of the Bond Trustee will be required for any withdrawals from the account.
9.7 96-Change of Control Event.
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right to require the relevant Issuer to redeem its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds then outstanding on ap ro rata basis and pay the interest pertaining to such Bonds, but without any other premium or penalty.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification as set out in Clause 12.1(j) (the "Exercise Long Stop Date").
(c) The Put Option may be exercised by a Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of that Bondholder's exercise of its Put Option. The applicable Issuer shall redeem that Bondholder's Bonds on the date that is 15 Banking Days after the
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

35/71
Exercise Long Stop Date. The applicable Issuer shall provide written notice to the Bond Trustee at least 7 Banking Days before the proposed redemption date, confirming that it has sufficient funds to redeem all Bonds in respect of which a Put Option has been exercised.
(d) Bonds redeemed by an Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds in respect of that Issue.
10 Payments
10.1 Covenant to pay.
(a) The Obligors will on each Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document.
(b) The covenant contained in Clause 10.1(a) shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.
10.2 Payment mechanics.
(a) If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 10.1(a), the Issuers shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.
(b) Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
(c) In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 10.2(a) or 10.2(b) above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.
(d) Subject to Clause 10.3, payment by the Issuers in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 10.1(a).
10.3 Currency.
(a) If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder shall provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details.
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

36/71
(b) Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, a Bondholder has not provided account details as set out in Clause 10.2(a) at least five Banking Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.
(c) Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
10.4 Set-off and counterclaims.
(a) No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement or any other Finance Document.
10.5 Default Interest.
(a) In the event that any payment of interest or principal in respect of the Bonds is not made on the applicable Payment Date, the Outstanding Bonds shall bear additional interest from such Payment Date at an interest rate of 5.00% per annum.
(b) The Outstanding Bonds shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to any of Clauses 14.2 through 14.4.
10.6 Partial Payments
(a) If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:
(i) firstly , in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs, and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents; and
(ii) seco n d ly, in or towards payment of any principal or interest due but unpaid under this Bond Loan Agreement, p r o rata, and without any preference or priority of any kind.
11 Issuers' Acquisition of Issuers' Bonds and Warrants
11.1 The Issuers have the right to acquire and own Issuers' Bonds.
11.2 Issuers' Bonds may, at the Issuers' discretion, be retained by the relevant Issuer, sold or used for partial redemption of the Outstanding Bonds.
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

37/71
11.3 The Issuers may not acquire or own, and shall procure that no other member of the Group acquires or owns, any of the Warrants.
12 Covenants
12.1 From the Effective Date until the repayment in full of all Bonds and all other amounts payable by the Issuers pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement, the Rever Obligors and the Parent Issuer shall:
(a) immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Default or Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which such Obligor believes is reasonably likely to lead to a Default or Event of Default;
(b) provide to the Bond Trustee the weekly Construction Progress Report;
(c) forward to the Bond Trustee Financial Statements and Interim Accounts as soon as they are available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 45 days after the end of the relevant interim report period;
(d) at the request of the Bond Trustee send a report outlining the balance (on an Issue-by-Issue basis) of Issuers' Bonds;
(e) forward to the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of any Obligor, including but not limited to, mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital;
(f) at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable) and of the Warrants on Oslo Axess and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents and applicable laws and regulations;
(g) within a reasonable time limit provide such information about the Obligor's financial condition as the Bond Trustee reasonably requests;
(h) at the same time as any annual or interim quarterly reports are sent to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 12.1(c) confirm to the Bond Trustee the Obligors' compliance with this Clause 12, such confirmation to be provided in a compliance certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 3 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Guarantor (on behalf of the Obligors and without personal liability), and, in the event of any non-compliance describing the non-compliance, the reasons therefor and the steps the Obligors have taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance;
(i) immediately upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Bond Trustee of any event that would reasonably be expected to hinder or prevent the construction of Vessels;
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

38/71
(j) immediately upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) if a Change of Control Event takes place;
(k) upon the formation of any new Subsidiary of the Parent Issuer, promptly procure:
(i) that such Subsidiary grants an unconditional, irrevocable and joint and several on-demand Guarantee in favour of the Bond Trustee securing all payment obligations of the Issuers under the Finance Documents;
(ii) that such Subsidiary becomes a party to all relevant Security Documents and makes any and all necessary filings and registrations and takes all other actions necessary to grant in favour of the Bond Trustee a first-priority security interest in substantially all assets of such Subsidiary;
(iii) that the applicable Obligor grants a first priority pledge over the shares in such Subsidiary; and
(iv) the delivery of legal opinions from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia due execution and enforceability of such Guarantee and due execution, perfection and enforceability of the grant of all applicable security interests,
in each case, in form and substance acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
(l) each Issuer agrees, for the benefit of any Bondholder or potential purchaser thereof, that for so long as any of the Bonds are outstanding and are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Section (a)(3) of Rule 144 under the US Securities Act, it will provide to any Bondholder and any prospective purchaser thereof designated by such holder for so long as such requirement is necessary in order to permit holders of Bonds to effect resales under Rule 144A, upon the request of such holder or purchaser, at or prior to the time of purchase, the information required to be provided to such holder or prospective purchaser by Section (d)(4) of Rule 144A unless it is exempt from the reporting requirements of the US Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the US Exchange Act or files reports and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 13 or 15(d) of the US Exchange Act.
(m) if any Issuer and/or any Bonds are rated, or if any such rating changes, without being requested to do so, so inform the Bond Trustee;
(n) immediately upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Bond Trustee of any default by any party under one or more of the Completion Contracts;
(o) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of any Bonds in the Securities Depository; and
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

39/71
() within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Obligors' business, assets and financial condition, and take any and all such further actions, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
12.2 From the Effective Date until the repayment in full of all of the relevant Bonds and all other amounts payable by the Issuers pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement, unless the Bond Trustee (with the approval of the Bondholders as required by Clause 15) has agreed otherwise in writing, the Rever Obligors and the Parent Issuer shall:
(a) not, and ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, cease to carry on its business;
(b) not, and ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall:
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations;
(ii) change the nature of its business; or
(iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business;
in a manner which could have a material adverse effect on the remaining (in the case of mergers) Obligors' (as a whole) ability to comply with their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents;
() not, and shall ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, incur or permit to be outstanding any Financial Indebtedness, except for:
(i) the obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents and the Finance Documents (as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement);
(ii) the Permitted 719 Financing and any Permitted Refinancing;
(iii) to the extent the same constitutes Financial Indebtedness, debt incurred in the ordinary course of business not for the purpose of borrowing (for example, supplier credit and tax postponement);
(iv) any intercompany loans between and among Obligors which are subordinated and pledged (in priority behind the New Bond Security and the Bond Security) in favour of the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders; provided that the only intercompany loans owing from a Rever Obligor to the Parent Issuer shall be (A) those as are in effect on the Effective Date and (B) those necessary to fulfill Distributions permitted pursuant to Clause 12.2(d) and
(v) debt that is subordinated to the Bonds; provided that the amount and terms (including the terms of such subordination) of such subordinated debt shall be subject to the approval of the Bondholders at one or more Bondholders'
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

40/71
Meetings; provided further that customary intercreditor arrangements setting forth the terms of such subordination are entered into;
(d) not declare or make any dividend payment, reduction of share capital, repurchase of shares (including total return swaps or any transaction with a similar effect) or other distributions or loans to its shareholders (each, a "Distribution"), except for:
(i) Distributions from Subsidiary Issuers and Cecon 3 to the Parent Guarantor;
(ii) intercompany loans permitted pursuant to Clause 12.2(c);
(iii) following the Delivery Date of Hull 717 and Hull 718, Distributions to the Parent Issuer necessary for prepayments under this Bond Loan Agreement; and
(iv) Distributions which are permitted under the New Bond Loan Agreement, as in effect immediately after the Effective Date;
(e) ensure that all cash proceeds of the Tranche B Bonds, Tranche C Bonds and Tranche D Bonds and any Additional Bonds (in each case as defined and issued under the New Bond Loan Agreement) are, immediately upon receipt by any Obligor, paid into in the appropriate Cash Management Account;
(f) supervise the construction of the Vessels at Davie Yard in a prudent and customary manner and ensure compliance with the Construction Budget Schedule;
(g) provided that a Permitted Refinancing of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds has not occurred, if a binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date has not been received by the date that is 20 Banking Days prior to the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date, immediately thereafter commence an auction process to be run by the Parent Guarantor (and monitored by the New Bondholders in respect of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds) which shall last until the later of (x) 20 Banking Days after commencement and (y) the actual Hull 717 Delivery Date (the "20 Day Auction End Date"); provided that (A) if no binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 20 Banking Days after the 20 Day Auction End Date has been received by 5 pm Oslo time on the 20 Day Auction End Date, the New Bondholders in respect of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (B) if at least one binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 20 Banking Days after the 20 Day Auction End Date has been received by the 20 Day Auction End Date, the Obligors shall have a further 20 Banking Days to complete the sale of Hull 717, after which time, if no sale has been completed, the
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

41/71
New Bondholders in respect of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (C) the holders of the Bonds shall be entitled to receive information regarding the sales process and any auction and to submit offers to purchase Hull 717 on the same basis and offer conditions as other potential buyers and (D) prior to the completion of any such auction or sales process, the First Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) shall not bring any enforcement action in respect of Hull 717 or the shares in Cecon 2 unless an Event of Default (under and as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement) arises which is reasonably expected to prevent the sale of Hull 717 prior to the expiration of the relevant 20 Banking Day period.
(h) provided that a Permitted Refinancing of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds has not occurred, if a binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date has been received by the date that is 20 Banking Days prior to the scheduled Hull 717 Delivery Date but such sale has not been completed by the Hull 717 Delivery Date, immediately thereafter commence an auction process to be run by the Parent Guarantor (and monitored by the New Bondholders in respect of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds) which shall last 15 Banking Days after commencement (the "15 Day Auction End Date"); provided that (A) if no binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 15 Banking Days after the 15 Day Auction End Date has been received by the 15 Day Auction End Date, the New Bondholders in respect of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (B) if at least one binding and bona fide offer to purchase Hull 717 for at least USD 132,500,000 which is capable of being, and is expected to be, completed by the date that is 15 Banking Days after the 15 Day Auction End Date has been received by the 15 Day Auction End Date, the Obligors shall have a further 15 Banking Days to complete the sale of Hull 717, after which time, if no sale has been completed, the New Bondholders in respect of the New Tranche A Bonds and the New Tranche B Bonds shall have the right to purchase Hull 717 for USD 132,500,000, (C) the holders of the Bonds shall be entitled to receive information regarding the sales process and any auction and to submit offers to purchase Hull 717 on the same basis and offer conditions as other potential buyers and (D) prior to the completion of any such auction or sales process, the First Security Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) shall not bring any enforcement action in respect of Hull 717 or the shares in Cecon 2 unless an Event of Default (under and as defined in the New Bond Loan Agreement) arises which is reasonably expected to prevent the sale of Hull 717 prior to the expiration of the relevant 15 Banking Day period.
(i) procure that any material decisions to be made in respect of any Rever Obligor are first presented to the board of directors of the Parent Issuer for consideration;
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

42/71
(j) not make, and ensure that no Subsidiary Issuer or Cecon 3 makes, any arrangements concerning the Vessels mortgaged under the Bond Security and their employment which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Obligors ability to comply with their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement;
(k) not agree (and shall procure that no Subsidiary Issuer or Cecon 3 agrees) to any changes to any Completion Contract in respect of any Vessel mortgaged under the Bond Security which (i) would be likely to have a material adverse effect on the Obligors' ability to comply with their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement (which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, increases in construction costs in a manner inconsistent with the Construction Budget Schedule) or (ii) is materially adverse to the Bondholders' interests;
(l) ensure that no Rever Obligor makes any non-ordinary course investments other than investments in another Rever Obligor;
(m) prior to the delivery, sale or assignment of a Vessel, or prior to the applicable Completion Contract being cancelled, terminated or disposed of, ensure that no Subsidiary Issuer or Cecon 3 engage in any activity other than investments and activity solely related to the relevant Vessel;
(n) ensure that all material property owned by a Rever Obligor and acquired in connection with a Completion Contract related to a Vessel shall be acquired by the relevant Subsidiary Issuer or Cecon 3 and be covered by the Bond Security;
(o) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all material property of the Rever Obligors used in connection with the Completion Contracts, situated on the premises of the Davie Yard, is at all times kept segregated and separate from (to the extent practical possible) other property in the Davie Yard and is clearly marked as the property of the relevant Subsidiary Issuer or Cecon 3 as provided for in the Completion Contracts;
(p) not take any action which may jeopardize the legality, validity or enforceability of the Bond Security;
(q) not permit any Security to exist in respect of any of the assets of the Rever Obligors, except in each case for (i) the New Bonds Security (subject to the Intercreditor Agreement), (ii) the Bond Security, (iii) any Security granted in respect of the assets of the relevant Rever Obligor pursuant to the Permitted 719 Financing and any Permitted Refinancing and (iv) any Security arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business; provided that it does not put the Bond Security at risk of not being, or continuing to be, a Security of the nature and of the rank provided for in the Finance Documents. In the event that such Security exists in respect of any of the assets of the Rever Obligors located in Canada, including in the event of a possessory lien or right of retention claimed by any of the Davie Entities, or in the event of any lien claimed by persons participating in, or supplying goods or
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

43/71
services in connection with, the construction of the Vessels, the Rever Obligors shall immediately pay the entire amount of the claim secured by such Security, or contest immediately in good faith the validity or the amount of such claim, and furnish to the Bond Trustee security of a nature and on terms satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, acting reasonably.
(r) not permit any Rever Obligor to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such Rever Obligor's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to such Rever Obligor than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time;
(s) not, and shall ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, enter into or suffer to exist, any agreement that limits the ability of (x) any Rever Obligor to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Security on its property or assets or (y) any Rever Obligor to declare or pay dividends or other distributions in respect of its capital stock, except for:
(i) any Finance Document or the Finance Documents (as defined in the Existing Bond Loan Agreement) as in effect on the date hereof;
(ii) customary provisions in contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business; or
(iii) restrictions imposed by applicable law; and
(t) not, and shall ensure that no other Rever Obligor shall, amend any of its constitutional documents or other material agreements in any manner that is materially adverse to the Bondholders' interests.
12.3 From the Effective Date until the repayment in full of all of the relevant Bonds and all other amounts payable by the Issuers pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement, unless the Bond Trustee (with the approval of the Bondholders as required by Clause 16) has agreed otherwise in writing, the Obligors shall take all steps reasonably required to:
(a) ensure that the Rever Obligors, on the one hand and (ii) the Non-Rever Group, on the other hand, remain distinct;
(b) make it apparent to third persons that the Rever Obligors have assets and liabilities distinct from the Non-Rever Group;
(c) ensure that the books and records of the Rever Obligors are maintained separately from those of the Non-Rever Group;
(d) ensure that the Rever Obligors are not named, directly or indirectly, as a direct or contingent beneficiary or loss payee on any insurance policy with respect to any loss relating to the property of the Non-Rever Group;
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

44/71
(e) ensure that the Rever Obligors maintain an arm's-length relationship with the Non-Rever Group;
(f) ensure that the funds or other assets of the Rever Obligors will not be commingled with those of the Non-Rever Group and will be maintained in a manner that facilitates their identification and segregation from those of the Non-Rever Group; and
(g) ensure that any employee, consultant or agent of the Rever Obligors will be compensated from the Non-Rever Group's funds for services provided to the Non-Rever Group.
12.4 The Parent Issuer shall ensure that:
(a) each Eligible Bondholder receives an offer to participate in the Share Issue within 21 days after the Effective Date; and
(b) the subscription period for the Share Issue shall be open for 21 days, calculated from the Offer Date on such further terms as described in the offer to participate in the Share Issue; and
(c) Shares are issued to each Eligible Bondholder according to their subscription (subject to applicable subscription and allocation principles) as soon as practically possible, and in any event within 20 Banking Days after the end of the subscription period.
For the purpose of this Clause 12.4 and Clauses 12.5 to 12.11:
(a) "Eligible Bondholders" means the Bondholders as on the Offer Date.
(b) "Offer Date" the date the offer to participate in the Share Issue is submitted to the Securities Registry for circulation to the Eligible Bondholders.
(c) "Share Issue" means the issue of ordinary shares in the Parent Issuer at a subscription price of par value (NOK 0.05), to be offered for subscription to the Eligible Bondholders as follows:
(i) to Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds and allocated amongst them on a pro rata basis based on their relative holding of Tranche A Bonds, an aggregate amount of 12,000,000 shares ("Tranche A Shares");
(ii) to Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche B Bonds and allocated amongst them on a pro rata basis based on their relative holding of Tranche B Bonds, an aggregate amount of 4,886,089 shares ("Tranche B Shares"); and
(iii) to the Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche C1 Bonds and Tranche C2 Bonds on a pro rata basis based on their relative holding of the combined
L_3627154_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

45/71
amount of Tranche C1 Bonds and Tranche C2 Bonds, an aggregate amount of 1,000,000 shares ("Tranche C Shares").
12.5 To the extent the number of shares allocated to one Tranche of Eligible Bondholders in accordance with Clause 12.4. (c) (i)-(iii) above is not fully subscribed for by the Eligible Bondholders within that Tranche, other Eligible Bondholders within the Tranche who have oversubscribed will be allocated additional new shares of that Tranche on a pro rata basis based on the number of subscription rights such Eligible Bondholders have exercised, up to a maximum amount as would lead to the relevant Tranche being fully subscribed.
12.6 To the extent that Tranche A Shares have not been fully subscribed for by Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds pursuant to Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, any remaining Tranche A Shares shall be allocated among Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche B Bonds, who have subscribed for more Tranche B Shares than they have been allocated pursuant to the provisions of Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, on a pro rata basis based on the number of subscription rights such Eligible Bondholders have exercised.
12.7 To the extent that Tranche A Shares have not been fully subscribed for by Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds and/or Tranche B Bonds, respectively, pursuant to Clauses 12.4, 12.5 and 12.6 above (as and to the extent applicable), any remaining Tranche A Shares shall be allocated among Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche C Bonds who have subscribed for more Tranche C Shares than they have been allocated pursuant to the provisions of Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, on a pro rata basis based on the number of subscription rights such Eligible Bondholders have exercised.
12.8 To the extent that Tranche B Shares have not been fully subscribed for by Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche B Bonds, respectively, pursuant to Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, any remaining Tranche B Shares shall be allocated among Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds who have subscribed for more Tranche A Shares than they have been allocated pursuant to the provisions of Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, on a pro rata basis based on the number of subscription rights such Eligible Bondholders have exercised.
12.9 To the extent that Tranche B Shares have not been fully subscribed for by Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds and/or Tranche B Bonds, respectively, pursuant to Clauses 12.4, 12.5 and 12.8 above (as and to the extent applicable), any remaining Tranche B Shares shall be allocated among Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche C Bonds who have subscribed for more Tranche C Shares than they have been allocated pursuant to the provisions of Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, on a pro rata basis based on the number of subscription rights such Eligible Bondholders have exercised.
12.10 To the extent that Tranche C Shares have not been fully subscribed for by Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche C Bonds, respectively, pursuant to Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, any remaining Tranche C Shares shall be allocated among Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds who have subscribed for more Tranche A Shares than they
L_3627154_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

46/71
have been allocated pursuant to the provisions of Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, on a pro rata basis based on the number of subscription rights such Eligible Bondholders have exercised.
12.11 To the extent that Tranche C Shares have not been fully subscribed for by Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche A Bonds and/or Tranche C Bonds, respectively, pursuant to Clauses 12.4, 12.5 and 12.10 above (as and to the extent applicable), any remaining Tranche C Shares shall be allocated among Eligible Bondholders holding Tranche B Bonds who have subscribed for more Tranche B Shares than they have been allocated pursuant to the provisions of Clauses 12.4 and 12.5 above, on a pro From the Effective Date until the repayment in full of all Tranche A Bonds and any interest or other amount payable in respect thereof, the Tranche A Bondholders shall have the right to appoint one director to the board of directors of the Parent Guarantor. The Parent Guarantor and Parent Issuer shall ensure that:
(a) the maximum number of directors on its board of directors shall at all times be 4;
(b) two of the directors shall be appointed by the Parent Issuer (of which, one shall be the Chairman), one director shall be appointed by York and one director shall be appointed by the Tranche A Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting;
(c) the board of the Parent Guarantor shall make decisions by a majority vote, with each director having one vote. No director shall have any veto rights or special voting powers other than the Chairman who shall have a casting vote; and
(d) the reasonable fees of the director appointed by the Tranche A Bondholders shall be paid by the Parent Guarantor.
12.12 From the Effective Date, the Parent Guarantor will provide such updates to the Bond Trustee, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request from time to time, regarding (i) any sales process relating to Hull 717, Hull 718 or Hull 719, (ii) the status of the construction of Hull 717, Hull 718 or Hull 719 and (iii) any refinancing process relating to a refinancing of the New Bonds.
13 Fees and Expenses
13.1 The Obligors shall pay an annual fee to the Bond Trustee, the amount of which is set out in separate agreements between each of the Issuers and the Bond Trustee.
13.2 The Obligors shall cover all expenses of the Bond Trustee (and any separate Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, including expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange, listing of the Warrants on Oslo Axess (as applicable) and registration and administration of the Instruments in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Obligors and the Securities Depository. The
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

47/71
Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Document, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
13.3 The Obligors shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement (and any security for this Bond Loan Agreement). Any public fees or taxes on sales of the Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the relevant Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
13.4 The Obligors are responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders. If the Obligors are required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Obligors shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Obligors shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
13.5 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Loan Agreement, the Obligors shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par (100% of the principal face amount) plus all accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Obligors in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 30 Banking Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
13.6 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Obligors' insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Issues and the enforcement of any Security.
13.7 In addition to the fee of the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 13.2 and 13.3, the Obligors shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as determined in separate agreement between the Obligors and the Bond Trustee, but including, for the avoidance of doubt, the reasonable costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee's professional advisors.
14 Events of Default
14.1 This Bond Loan Agreement may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default"):
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

48/71
(a) any Obligor shall fail to pay any interest or principal or any other amount payable under any Finance Document in each case on the applicable Payment Date; provided, however, that any such failure shall not constitute an Event of Default if (x) it is obvious to the Bond Trustee that the Obligors will remedy the failure within five Banking Days, and (y) such failure is actually remedied within five Banking Days;
(b) any Obligor shall fail to duly perform its obligations under Clause 12.1(a);
(c) any Obligor shall fail to duly perform any covenant or obligation (other than those referred to in Clauses 14.1(a) and (b)) to be performed under the Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 30 days after notice thereof is given to the Issuers by the Bond Trustee;
(d) if for any Obligor:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), except to the extent such creditor has provided a permanent waiver of its right to declare such Financial Indebtedness due and payable,
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of NOK 15,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies. shall apply.
(e) if, for any Obligor;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness;
(ii) the value of the assets (both at fair value and present fair saleable value) is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective and unliquidated liabilities);
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

49/71
(iii) a moratorium is declared; or
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint;
(f) if, for any Obligor, any corporate action, legal proceeding or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on any Obligor's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets;
(g) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Obligors in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Obligor under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made;
(h) if there is entered against any Obligor a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding NOK 15,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of suchjudgment or order and does not deny or fail to confirm coverage);
(i) in the event of any material breach of the terms and conditions of the relevant Finance Documents related to a Vessel;
(j) any Davie Entity shall have defaulted under one or more Completion Contracts (it being understood that such a default shall constitute a "Default" under this Bond Loan Agreement); provided either (A) (1) such default has led to one or more Completion Contracts being cancelled and (2) the relevant Issuer has not entered into new Completion Contracts (in replacement of the ones that were cancelled) with a Davie Entity or an alternative yard within 60 days after the Completion Contracts were cancelled or (B) such default shall not have been remedied within 90 days after the occurrence thereof; provided that any such alternative yard and its affiliates shall be deemed to constitute the "Davie Entities" for all purposes of this
L_3627154_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

50/71
Agreement and the other Finance Documents and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall have received all such documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request;
(k) any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Obligors, would have a material and adverse effect on the affairs, assets or financial condition of any Obligor or the ability of any Obligor to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
14.2 In the event that one or more Events of Default occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare all Outstanding Bonds, including accrued interest and costs, to be in default and due for immediate payment at the applicable premium set forth in Clause 9.1 or 9.2 (as applicable), plus accrued interest and may exercise all rights and remedies pursuant to the Finance Documents or applicable law. The Bond Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document.
14.3 In the event that one or more Events of Default occurs and is continuing:
(a) the Bond Trustee shall declare all Outstanding Bonds, including all accrued interest and costs, to be in default and due for payment if:
(i) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds of all Outstanding Bonds, and Bondholders' Meetings in respect of every Issue have not decided on other solutions; or
(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting in respect of each Issue has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue to be in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Outstanding Bonds (subject to Clauses 7.3 and 7.4). The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub-clause (i) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub-clause (ii) above.
(b) the Bond Trustee shall declare all Outstanding Bonds of any Issue, including all accrued interest and costs in respect of that Issue, to be in default and due for payment if:
(i) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds of that Issue, and a Bondholders' Meeting in respect of that Issue has not decided on other solutions; or
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

51/71
(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting in respect of that Issue has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue to be in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Outstanding Bonds of that Issue (subject to Clauses 7.3 and 7.4). The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub-clause (i) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub-clause (ii) above.
14.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee declares any of the Bonds to be in default and due for payment pursuant to the terms of Clauses 14.2 or 14.3, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuers a notice demanding payment of all applicable interest (if any) and principal due to the Bondholders in respect of the Bonds declared to be in default and due for payment, including redemption premium (if any) and interest (if any) on overdue amounts and expenses.
15 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting and the Bond Trustee
15.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholder community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders holding Bonds of one particular Issue is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting in respect of Bonds issued by that Issue under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable (and except as expressly provided to the contrary in the Finance Documents, if a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting in respect of all Outstanding Bonds that are Voting Bonds). Resolutions passed at such a Bondholders' Meeting shall be binding upon and prevail for all Bonds of that Issue under this Bond Loan Agreement, as applicable.
15.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' Meetings.
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting in respect of any Issue shall be held at the request of:
(i) an Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Voting Bonds of that Issue;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds of that Issue are listed; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
(b) Any Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

52/71
(c) If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting ten Banking Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summon the Bondholders' Meeting itself.
(d) Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Banking Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds of the relevant Issue(s) shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication (if applicable).
(e) The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Loan Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
(f) The Bond Trustee may restrict the Obligors from causing any Voting Bonds to become Issuers' Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to the Issuers to such effect.
(g) Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue.
(h) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder holding Bonds of the relevant Issue, and shall be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
(i) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.
(j) The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend any Bondholders' Meeting. The Chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the Chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

53/71
(k) Representatives of the Issuers have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuers have the right to be present at the voting.
15.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings.
(a) At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond of the relevant Issue owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuers' Bonds. Issuers' Bonds shall not have any voting rights. For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.
(b) In all matters, the Issuers, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the Chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the Chairman being a Bondholder or not.
(c) In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue under this Bond Loan Agreement must be represented at the meeting, subject to Clause 16.4. If less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue under this Bond Loan Agreement are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed, but such voting shall be solely for purposes of specifying the result thereof in the summons for any repeated Bondholders' Meeting as set forth in Clause 15.4(a).
(d) Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 15.3(e).
(e) In the following matters, at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue(s) represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:
(i) amendment of the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of any Issue of the Bonds;
(ii) any transfer of rights and obligations of any Obligor under this Bond Loan Agreement to another issuer or guarantor;
(iii) any change of Bond Trustee;
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

54/71
(iv) any material change to the Bond Security; or
(v) corporate or business changes in respect of any of the Obligors which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the obligations of the Obligors under this Bond Loan Agreement or the other Finance Documents,
always provided that if the proposed changes affect more than the relevant Issue, the proposed change must be approved by a Bondholders' Meeting of the other affected Issues before entry into force.
(f) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders of a particular Issue an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders of that Issue.
(g) The Bondholders' Meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
(h) The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Loan Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.
(i) The Issuers, the Bondholders and the Exchange, if applicable, shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
15.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
(a) If a Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 15.3(c), a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
(b) When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of the relevant Issue are represented.
16 The Bond Trustee
16.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee.
(a) The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Obligors of their obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Obligors), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

55/71
to assess the Obligors' financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Loan Agreement.
(b) The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
(c) The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Loan Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Loan Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Loan Agreement.
(d) The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders of a particular Issue in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 16.1(c); provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders of such Issue. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders of a particular Issue in the event that any Bondholder of such Issue submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
(e) The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 16.1(c) or 16.1(d) to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.
(f) The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders of a particular Issue or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders of such Issue.
(g) The Issuers, the Bondholders and the Exchange, if applicable, shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 16.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
(h) The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuers' approval, as provided for in Clause 15.3(e).
L_3627154_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

56/71
(i) The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Obligors notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds of any particular Issue to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
(k) The Bond Trustee may forward any documents and information it receives to the Bondholders, provided that none of the Obligors that has forwarded documents and/or information to the Bond Trustee in good faith has determined, and at the same time has informed the Bond Trustee in writing, that such documents and/or information cannot be forwarded to the Bondholders due to restrictions in applicable laws or stock exchange regulations.
16.2 Liability and indemnity.
(a) The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Obligors as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Loan Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuers.
(b) The Obligors are liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee, jointly and severally, in respect of all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Obligors (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) in the fulfillment of their obligations under the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Obligors in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Loan Agreement and any other Finance Document.
(c) The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 14.3(a)(i) or 14.3(b)(i) or 15.2(a)(ii)), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.
16.3 Change of Bond Trustee.
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

57/71
(a) Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 15. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
(b) The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Obligors pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 13, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
(c) The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement.
16.4 Appointment of Security Agent.
(a) The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent in respect of the Bonds.
(b) The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding the Bond Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Obligors and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Bond Security.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuers shall be given the opportunity to state their views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agency Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Obligors and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.
(e) Any changes to this Bond Loan Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Loan Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee and each of the Obligors.
(f) If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Bond Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Obligors.
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

58/71
(g) Without limiting the generality of Section 16.4(a), the Bond Trustee is hereby appointed to act as the holder of an irrevocable power of attorney (fonde de p o u v o ir within the meaning of Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Quebec) of the Bondholders in order to hold hypothecs and security granted by any Obligor on property pursuant to the laws of the Province of Quebec. The execution by the Bond Trustee, acting as fo n d e de p o u v o ir of the Bondholders, prior to this Bond Loan Agreement of any deeds of hypothec or other security documents is hereby ratified and confirmed. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 32 of A n A c t resp ectin g the sp e c ia l p o w e r s o f leg a l p e rso n s (Quebec), the Bond Trustee may acquire and be the holder of any Bonds. The constitution of the Bond Trustee as fo n d e de p o u v o ir shall be deemed to have been ratified and confirmed by each Bondholder by its subscription, purchase or other transfer of the Bonds and by each successor Bond Trustee upon it becoming a successor Bond Trustee in accordance with this Bond Loan Agreement.
17 Miscellaneous
17.1 The community of Bondholders. By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Loan Agreement (which pursuant to the second paragraph of this Bond Loan Agreement is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, included, but not limited to, taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Issue and/or any Bond Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding;
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository;
(d) this Bond Loan Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:
(i) the Bonds of a particular Issue rankp a r i p a ssu between each other;
(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Loan Agreement, act directly towards the Obligors and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Obligors, however the foregoing shall not restrict the Bondholders from exercising their individual rights derived from this Bond Loan Agreement;
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

59/71
(iii) the Obligors may not, based on this Bond Loan Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and
(v) an individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
17.2 Defeasance.
(a) The Issuer of a particular Issue may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations with respect to such Issue discharged upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):
(i) such Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and all interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the applicable Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the parties hereto;
(ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the parties hereto;
(iii) the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;
(iv) such Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer stating that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by such Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of such Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of such Issuer or others; and
(v) such Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee and the relevant Bondholders regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of each Obligor or any
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

60/71
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of such Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets, including of each of the Vessels or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.
(b) Upon the exercise by an Issuer of its option under Clause 17.2(a):
(i) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 12, except Clauses 12.1(a), (c), (h), (j) and (k), or as otherwise agreed;
(ii) such Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Bond Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Bond Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(iii) any Guarantors shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantees, and the Guarantees shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;
(iv) any Bond Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and
(v) all other provisions of this Bond Loan Agreement (except as set forth in (i) - (iv) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.
(c) All amounts owed by the Issuers hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Loan Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Loan Agreement on the due date thereof.
(d) Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuers.
L_3627154_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

61/71
17.3 Limitation of claims. All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Loan Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.
17.4 Access to Information. The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Loan Agreement and the other Finance Documents, have access to the Securities Depositary for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Instruments registered in the Securities Depositary.
17.5 Amendments. All amendments of this Bond Loan Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise expressly provided for by this Bond Loan Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Bond Loan Agreement, the Bond Trustee and the Issuers may amend, supplement or otherwise modify this Bond Loan Agreement without the consent of any Bondholder to effectuate the issuance of the Tranche C Bonds and the Tranche D Bonds and any Additional Bonds.
17.6 Notices and Contact Information.
(a) Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuers and (if applicable) the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata.
(b) Any Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee or alternatively through the Securities Depositary with a copy to the Bond Trustee and (if applicable) the Exchange.
(c) Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the recipient;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by telefax, when received.
(d) The Issuers and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(e) When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Loan Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

62/71
(i) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.
(ii) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.
(iii) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Banking Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Banking Day.
17.7 Dispute Resolution and Legal Venue
(a) This Bond Loan Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
(b) All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Loan Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.
(c) Clause 17.7(b) is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.
18 Eligible Purchasers and Transfer Restrictions
18.1 The Instruments are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A. Each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Instruments will be required to execute and deliver to the Parent Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Obligors stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased on any Issue Date by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
18.2 Instrument Holders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Instruments except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Instrument Holder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S in a transaction on the Oslo Bors, (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available),
L_3627154_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

63/71
or (e) in another transaction that is exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements set forth in the US Securities Act. The Instruments may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued< be traded in Canada except in compliance with the prospectus and registration requirements set forth in applicable Canadian securities laws or pursuant to an exemption from the prospectus and registration requirements set forth in applicable Canadian securities laws>.
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

64/71

Attachment 1 - Warrant Conditions

A

Definitions

"Exercise Date" means the date falling 10 - ten - Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received the relevant Exercise Notice in accordance with this Attachment 1.

"Exercise Notice" means an exercise notice in substantially the form of Schedule A to this Attachment 1.

"Exercise Period" means means the period commencing on 18 March 2011 and ending on the tenth (10) Banking Day prior to the Tranche A Maturity Date (both days inclusive) during which the Exercise Rights may be exercised.

"Exercise Price" means NOK 0.65 for each Share, subject to adjustments as provided in this Attachment 1.

"Exercise Right" means the right of each Warrantholder to exercise each Warrant at the Exercise Price into one (1) Share, subject to adjustments as set out in this Attachment 1.

"Shares" means the shares issued by the Parent Issuer, being at the date of this Bond Loan Agreement 148,625,800 ordinary shares, each with a nominal value of NOK 0,05, representing, in aggregate, one hundred per cent (100%) of the issued share capital of the Parent Issuer.

B

Exercise of the Exercise Right

B.1 Each Warrantholder may exercise the Exercise Right at the Exercise Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided that the relevant Warrantholder at the time of exercise has the right to own Shares under Norwegian law and the Articles of Association of the Parent Issuer and that notification is given pursuant to Clause B.2.
The Warrantholder is on the Exercise Date entitled to receive one (1) Share per each Warrant. Each Warrant must be exercised in whole and cannot be partly exercised. Any adjustment of the Exercise Price (and thereby the Exercise Right) shall be calculated as stipulated in Clauses C and D.
B.2 In order to exercise the Exercise Right, a Warrantholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent (via the Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed Exercise Notice. Exercise of the Exercise Right(s) shall be effected on the Exercise Date.
The relevant Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository shall notify the Paying Agent of request to exercise the Exercise Right(s) and shall simultaneously demand payment from the relevant Warrantholder of an amount equal to the Exercise

L_3627154_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

65/71
Price multiplied by the whole number of Shares to be issued under the Exercise Right(s) to an account designated by the Paying Agent, the payment being due three (3) Banking Days before the Exercise Date.
Upon any exercise of the Exercise Right only full Shares shall be delivered, and the relevant Warrantholder shall not be entitled to receive fractions of Shares. If a Warrantholder simultaneously exercises the Exercise Right for more than one Warrant, the Shares resulting from such exercise shall be aggregated with respect to fractions of Shares. Remaining fractions of Shares shall not be claimed.
On the Exercise Date the Paying Agent shall transfer the number of Shares which are to be issued to the Warrantholder's account in the Securities Depository against crediting the Parent Issuer of the amount paid.
B.3 The Parent Issuer is responsible for ensuring that:
(a) necessary approvals to increase the share capital of the Parent Issuer exist;
(b) the share capital increase is registered in the Register of Business Enterprises (F oretaksregisteret) as soon as possible; and
(c) shares issued upon exercise of the Exercise Right(s) are registered in the Securities Depository on the Exercise Date.
If the share capital increase is not registered in the Register of Business Enterprises at the Exercise Date, the Parent Issuer shall ensure that the shares following exercise shall be temporarily registered in the Securities Depository (with temporary ISIN).

B.4 Shares issued upon exercise of the Exercise Right(s) give rights in the Parent Issuer as of the registration of the share capital increase in the Register of Business Enterprises, unless the general meeting of the Parent Issuer has resolved differently. In addition, registration must have taken place in the Register of Business Enterprises.

C

Adjustment of the Exercise Price/Exercise Right

C.1 In the event of a new issue of Shares in which shareholders have preferential rights to subscribe for the new Shares:
(i) If the Shares are listed on an exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:

The share price is the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the exchange the last three days the shares are quoted including rights.
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

66/71
(ii) If the Shares are not listed, each Warrantholder shall have the same subscription right as the shareholders, as if the Warrantholder had already exercised its Exercise Right(s) in full.
C.2 In the event of an issue of financial instruments in accordance with Chapter 11 of the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act in which existing shareholders have preferential rights to subscribe for the financial instruments:
(i) If the Shares are listed on an exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:
The average price is the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the exchange during the subscription period. Days without trading are not included in the calculation.
(ii) If the Shares are not listed, each Warrantholder shall have the same subscription right as the shareholders, as if the Warrantholder had already exercised its Exercise Right(s) in full.
C.3 In the event of a capital write-down of the Parent Issuer'<'>s share capital and subsequent repayment to shareholders-^,^
(i) If the Shares are listed on an exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:
The share price is the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the exchange the last three days shares are quoted including rights.
(ii) If the Shares are not listed, the Exercise Price shall be reduced with an amount equal to the amount repaid per share.
A reduction of the Parent Issuer's share capital without repayment to the shareholders,-» dividend or other distribution with respect to the Shares shall have no influence on the Exercise Price.
C.4 In the event of an issue of new bonus Shares in the Parent Issuer (with the exception of shares issued in settlement of a merger offer), split or consolidation, the new Exercise Price shall be fixed as follows:
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

67/71

In the event that the Shares are split into more than one class of shares, the Exercise Right shall be adjusted so that Warrantholders' interest in the separate share classes remains unchanged, regardless of whether the Warrantholders elect to exercise prior to, or after the date on which the shares are quoted post-split.

An issue of bonus Shares writing up the par value of the Shares in the Parent Issuer shall have no influence on the Exercise Price.

C.5 Should the Parent Issuer make a dividend payment to shareholders of the Parent Issuer, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted according to the principles of Clause C.3.

C.6 If changes are made in the share capital, other than those mentioned in Clauses C1 to C5 above, which are unfavourable to the Warrantholders compared to the shareholders, the Bond Trustee and the Parent Issuer shall agree on a new Exercise Price. This also applies to other transactions, which are unfavourable to the Warrantholders. The principles expressed in Clauses C1 to C5 above shall always be the basis for any adjustments pursuant to this Clause C6.

C.7 If the Exercise Price is below par value of the shares, par value of the shares still applies, and the Parent Issuer shall upon exercise pay the Warrantholder the difference between the par value of the shares and the applicable Exercise Price.

D

Merger and De-merger

D.1 If the Parent Issuer decides on a statutory merger (in accordance with prevailing legislation from time to time) in which the Parent Issuer is the acquired company, the Warrants shall, on completion of the merger, be transformed to rights to subscribe shares (warrants) in the acquiring company, on terms adjusted for the exchange ratio applied in the merger.
Warrantholders shall receive written notification of the merger from the Parent Issuer through the Securities Depository no later than five (5) Banking Days after the announcement referred to in the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act § 13-14 has been made.
D.2 Should the Parent Issuer decide on a merger, in which the Parent Issuer is the acquiring company, and shareholders in the acquired company receive settlement in the form of Shares or a combination of Shares and cash, no adjustment will be made to the Exercise Price.
D.3 In the event of a de-merger, a split-up, a spin-off or if any other event occurs which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has the same effect as a de-merger, such adjustments to the Exercise Right and the Exercise Price shall be made pursuant to the principles as set out in Clause C as the Bond Trustee in its reasonable opinion shall consider appropriate.

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

68/71 L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

69/71
Schedule A to Attachment 1 - Form of Exercise Notice

To: [Paying Agent]
Warrants issued by Cecon ASA with ISIN NO 001 0605090
We hereby give notice of exercise of [·] Warrants. We agree to take the Shares issuable upon exercise of such Warrants in accordance with the terms of Attachment 1 (W arrant C onditions) to the Bond Loan Agreement dated on or about [·] 2013 and entered into among Cecon ASA, the Subsidiary Issuers parties thereto and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee.

[Signature of Warrantholder(s)] [Date]

We hereby direct Cecon ASA to allot the Shares to be issued pursuant to this exercise in the following numbers and to the following proposed allottees:

Address and Account Details of

No. of Shares Name of Proposed Allottee

Proposed Allottee

1.

2.

3.

L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

70/71
Attachment 2 - Construction Budget Schedule
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <117842.4 8 >

71/71
Attachment 3 - Compliance Certificate Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date] Dear Sirs, I refer to the Bond Loan Agreement dated<effective> as of [----- 1. 2013<the Effective Date and> made between. inter alia. Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders. and the undersigned as Parent Guarantor (the "Bond Loan Agreement") under which this Compliance Certificate is issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [·]. Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Loan Agreement. With reference to Clause 12.1(h) of the Bond Loan Agreement. I hereby certify that: 1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which
would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Group since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you; 2. the covenants set forth in Clause 12 are satisfied; and 3. no Defaults or Events of Default have occurred and are continuing. Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited][quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed. Yours faithfully. Rever Offshore AS
Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f a n y w ritten d o cu m en ta tio n ]
L_362715 4_V1 12.02.13 505587 023UKDOCS/1178424.5 <1178424 8 >

