N O R SK T IL L ITSM A N N ASA w w w .trustee.no

Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet p å engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA på telefon +47 22 87 94 00.

To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001042835.2 - FRN Bergen Oilfield Services AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2008/2009
Oslo, 20 August 2009
Proposal to amend Bond Loan Agreement - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. INTRODUCTION
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM " or the "Trustee") acts as trustee for the holders of bonds (the "Bondholders") in the NOK 200,000,000 FRN Bergen Oilfield Services AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2008/2009 with ISIN No. 001042835.2 (the "Loan" or the "Bond Issue"), where Bergen Oilfield Services AS ("BOS" or the "Company") is the borrower.
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement related to the Loan (the "Loan Agreement") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
The information in this summons regarding the Company and market conditions is provided by the Company, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.
2. BACKGROUND FOR THE PROPOSAL
2.1 Introduction
Since initiation, BOS has financed its vessel acquisition and conversion through equity, bank debt and issue of the above stated bond. The Loan was issued in May 2008 with the purpose of financing the remaining capital expenditure on the vessel acquisition and conversion programme.
Since the issuance of the Loan, the Company has succeeded in establishing complete value chain operations with approximately 200 employees, and successfully converted all vessels into fully operational seismic survey vessels.

M AILIN G AD D RESS ® P .O .B O X I4 7 O V IK A , N -O Il6 OSLO

LO CATIO N · H AAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail ® mail@trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.trustee.no
However, due to various reasons, the Company has generated less free cash flow than expected at the time of the issuance of the Loan, and the Company expects that it may not be able to meet its obligations to repay the Loan in full at maturity. Key reasons for the lower than expected cash flow and cash position are:
Delays and under budgeting in the conversion programme, leading to an increase in CAPEX spending.
Technical issues and reduced utilisation over the first month of operation after conversion, especially for BOS Angler and BOS Atlantic.
Significant deterioration of seismic market conditions, leading to a reduction of rate levels and utilisation.
Difficulty in respect to obtain new debt financing.
3. THE PROPOSED CHANGES IN THE LOAN AGREEMENT (THE "PROPOSAL")
3.1 Summary o f the Proposal
The Company is proposing amendments to the Loan Agreement as described in detail in Exhibit 1 hereto (the "Draft Amendment Agreement"). The proposed amendments may be summarised as follows:
The maturity of the Loan is extended to 5 December 2010 and will mature at a price o f 109 % of par.
The interest of the Loan will be increased from NIBOR + 7 percentage points to NIBOR + 12.0 percentage points per annum.
Upon the completion of the planned conversion o f BOS Angler KS to a limited liability company (AS), the Loan shall be secured by a mortgage in the vessel BOS Angler (ex Stad Angler) with priority after the Sparebanken Sogn og Fjordane bank debt. In such event Sparebanken Sogn og Fjordane and the Bondholders shall enter into an inter-creditor agreement regarding the mortgages on BOS Angler, which i.a. will include a stand-still period o f 60 calendar days.
- The Company shall for each o f the 3rd and 4th quarter of 2009, and for the 1st quarter of 2010 repay the Loan by the NOK equivalent o f USD 5,000,000 at 102 % o f par.
- From and including the 2nd quarter o f 2010, the Company shall by way o f a cash sweep redeem the Loan on a quarterly basis by all available cash of the Company exceeding a minimum level of USD 10,000,000 at 105 % o f par.

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA www.tmsirt-.no
Upon a Change of Control Event or a Mandatory Redemption Event, the Bondholders shall have a right of repayment of the Bonds, either:
o before and on 5 August 2010 at 105 % o f par plus accrued interest, or o after 5 August 2010 at 109 % o f par plus accrued interest.
The Company shall undertake not to change the repayment schedule o f its current bank debt.
The Company undertakes that until the mortgage over BOS Angler is established, BOS Angler KS shall not declare or pay any dividends or make other similar distributions or loans to its owners (partners) if such dividends derive from the sale of the vessel "BOS Angler" (ex "Stad Angler"), unless the total amount of such sales proceeds are paid as dividend and used (i) to repay the debt to Sparebanken Sogn og Fjordane and thereafter (ii) to repay the Loan.
Upstream guarantees shall be granted by all member of the Group, always provided that the upstream guarantee granted by BOS Angler KS shall only be granted after its conversion to a limited liability company (AS).
4. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED CHANGES 4.1 BOS ' evaluation o f the Proposal
4.1.1 Current operations andfuture expectations
Although the operational periods of the vessels have been below expectations, and the market conditions for seismic surveys have been less favourable, BOS is currently performing well.
All vessels are in full operations at satisfactory rates and strong utilisation leading to significant cash flow generation. Combined with a strong base o f signed contracts and contracts under negotiation, the Company believes that the cash flow generation over the coming period can sustain the current debt level of the Company, given that the repayment terms o f the current indebtedness are amended and aligned with the expected future cash flow generation of the Company.
4.1.2 Current balance sheet and other restructuring initiatives BOS had an estimated total interest bearing debt and leasing obligations as of 30 June 2009 of approximately USD 115,000,000 and a cash position of approximately USD 5,000,000. Estimated equity ratio at a group level was 36.3 %. (All estimates are based on unaudited management accounts.)
3

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.lTiistee.no
In order to strengthen the solidity and the liquidity of the Company, BOS has initiated several restructuring initiatives:
Increased equity: The company has completed a directed share issue o f NOK 30,000,000 towards existing shareholders, conditional upon a successful restructuring of the Bond Loan;
- The Company has renegotiated the repayment of a NOK 38,000,000 bridge loan, due August 24th 2009, to be repaid in full at 24 February 2011; and
- The Company has obtained necessary approvals and waivers from Sparebanken Sogn og Fjordane and SpareBanlc 1 SR-Banlc in relation to the restructuring.
In the view o f the Company, the proposed restructuring would provide the Company with sufficient liquidity and solidity to continue its operations.
4.2 The Trustee's evaluation
The Bondholders themselves must evaluate, based on all information available with respect to the Company, whether the Proposal should be accepted. It implies that each Bondholder has to consider the fairness of the Proposal, evaluation the partial redemption of the Loan and the new security together with the increased coupon and premium against the extension o f the Maturity Date.
In the opinion of the Loan Trustee, the Proposal gives the Company an incentive to redeem the Loan as soon as possible due to the proposed step up of premiums. The proposed redemption schedule shows, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, that the Company's intention is to deleverage the Company.
It is recommended that the Bondholders consult with their own tax, legal and financial advisors as the possible consequences o f the Proposal.
5. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING To enable the Issuer to conduct the proposed changes in the Loan Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.
4

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www. Inisteejio

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

31 August 2009 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the
chairman. 4. Request for change of the Loan Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:
The Bondholders ' meeting approve to amend the Loan Agreement as set out in Exhibit 1 o f the summons to this Bondholders ' meeting.
N TM is given the power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders ' meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including to make other necessary amendments o f the Loan Agreement containing the customary conditions precedent and to collect necessary legal opinions on the transaction and the paym ent structure and the tax consequences thereof
According to the Loan Agreement, in order for the abovementioned Proposal to be adopted, a qualified majority o f 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' meeting must vote in favor of the Proposal. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. Bondholders may meet in person or be represented by proxy. If the proposal is not adopted, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged.
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof o f ownership o f the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner o f the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered.)
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
5

N O R SK TILLITSM A N N ASA www. trustee.no
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banicing Day before the meeting takes place.
For more detailed information, please contact Magnus Hillestad or Per Håvard Marthinsen at Arctic Securities ASA on tel.: +47 21 01 31 00.

Yours Sincerely, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
gr Fredrik Lundberg

Enclosed:

Bondholder's Form Exhibit 1 - Draft Amendment Agreement

M AILIN G AD D RESS · P .O .B O X I4 7 O V IK A , N -O Il6 OSLO

LO CATIO N ® H AAKON VII GATE I, OSLO , NORWAY

one +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail · mail@trustee.no
6

Exhibit 1 - Draft Amendment Agreement
ISIN: NO 001 042835.2
Amendment Agreement to
the Loan Agreement between
Bergen Oilfield Services AS ("Borrower") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Loan Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue FRN Bergen Oilfield Services AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue
2008/2009

This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated on [o] August 2009 between Bergen Oilfield Services AS (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee").
1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement
The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments o f the loan agreement dated 2 May 2008 in respect of "FRN Bergen Oilfield Services AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2008/2009" - ISIN 001 042835.2 (the "Loan Agreement"), based on resolution adopted at the Bondholders' meeting dated 31 August 2009.
Capitalized terms and expressions used herein shall bear the meaning ascribed to such term and expression in the Loan Agreement unless otherwise defined herein.
2. Amendment to the Loan Agreement
The Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) Clause 1 shall be amended by inserting thefollowing new definitions to be read as follows:
BOS Angler Mortgage: subject to completion o f the conversion of Stad Angler KS to a limited liability company (no: aksjeselskap), mortgage over the vessel "BOS Angler" (ex "Stad Angler"), with accompanying assignment o f insurance, in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) ranking after NOK 185,600,000 plus interest and expenses. Upon such conversion, but prior to the Borrower granting the Loan Trustee, on behalf o f the Bondholders, the said BOS Angler Mortgage, Sparebanken Sogn og Fjordane and the Loan Trustee shall enter into an inter-creditor agreement governing the two parties' rights with regard to enforcing the mortgages in the event of default by the borrowers under the respective loan agreements, and will i.a. include a stand-still period of 60 calendar days.
DSR Account: account in the name of the Borrower, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour o f the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders, where the bank operation the account has waived any set-off rights.
Free Cash: means on a consolidated basis the aggregate amount (expressed in USD or as a USD equivalent) of all amounts of the members of the Group which are standing to the credit of current and deposit accounts with banks and other deposit taking institutions, excluding amounts to which the right o f access or use is blocked or restricted.
(ii) Clause 1 shall be amendedfurther by amending and restating thefollowing definitions to be read asfollows:
Guarantors: (i) each o f the Vessel Owning Companies, (ii) BOS Angler AS (Norwegian Company No 992 01 032, and (iii) any other member of the Group,
2

always provided that the Guarantee granted by BOS Angler KS shall only be granted after its conversion to a limited liability company (no: aksjeselskap).

Margin: 12.00 percentage points.

Maturity Date: 5 December 2010. If the Maturity Date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Maturity Day is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.

Loan Security: (i) the Escrow Account, (ii) the Vessel Mortgage, (iii) the Assignment of Lease Facility, (iv) the Share Pledge, (v) the Intra Group Claim Pledge, (vi) the Guarantee, (vii) the Charter Party Claim, (viii) the BOS Angler Mortgage, and (ix) the DSR Account.

(iii) Clause 10 shall be amended by amending and restating sub-clause 10.1 to be read as follows:

The Loan shall be repaid as follows:

Date

Amount

Price

15 September 2009 --i.e. the The NOK equivalent of 102 % o f par value plus

eleventh Banking Day

USD 5,000,000^

accrued interest on the

following the date of the

redeemed amount

Bondholders' meeting

On the Interest Payment Date The NOK equivalent of 102 % o f par value plus

in November 2009

USD 5,000,0001}

accrued interest on the

redeemed amount

On the Interest Payment Date The NOK equivalent of 102 % o f par value plus

in February 2010

USD 5,000,0001}

accrued interest on the

redeemed amount

On Maturity Date

The Remaining Loan 109 % of par value plus

accrued interest on the

redeemed amount

The NOK equivalent shall be calculated based on the official exchange rate provided by the Norwegian Central Bank on the record date of the relevant repayment. The record date of repayment shall be 10 Banking Days prior to the relevant Payment Date.

From the Interest Payment Date in February 2010, and always provided that if the account on the DSR Account exceeds NOK 5 million, all funds on the DSR Account shall be used to redeem the Remaining Loan by way o f an extraordinary redemption on the following Interest Payment Date ("Cash Sweep Redemption"). Such Cash Sweep Redemption shall be carried out at 105 % o f par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.

The Bondholders shall be informed (via VPS) o f any Cash Sweep Redemption no later than 5 Banking Days before redemption takes place.

3

Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out pro rata in accordance with the Securities Register.
(iv) Clause 10 is amendedfurther by deleting and replacing sub-clause 10.2 to read as follows:
The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option):
(i) any time from and including the Disbursement Date to, and excluding, the Interest Payment Date in August 2010 at 105 % of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
(ii) any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in August 2010 to, and excluding, the Maturity Date at 109 % o f par plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed o f this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 thirty- Banking Days before the date o f redemption.
Partial redemption o f the Loan must be carried out pro rata in accordance with the procedures o f the Securities Register.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
(v) Clause 10 is amendedfurther by deleting and replacing the first paragraph o f sub clause 10.3 to read asfollows:
Upon a Change o f Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right o f repayment (a "P u t O ption") o f the Bonds at a price o f 105 % o f par plus accrued interest.
(vi) Clause 10 is amendedfurther by deleting sub-clause 10.4, which shall be left blank.
(vii) Clause 10 is amendedfurther by deleting and replacing the first paragraph o f sub clause 10.5 to read asfollows:
Upon a Mandatory Redemption Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of repayment (a "P u t O ption") o f the Bonds at a price of 105 % of par plus accrued interest.
(viii) Clause 13 is amended by amending and restating sub-clause 13.2 (e) to read as follows:
ensure that no dividend is paid by Stad Angler KS to its owners (partners) if such dividends derive from the proceeds of the sale of the vessel BOS Angler (ex Stad
4

Angler), unless the total amount of such sales proceeds are paid as dividend and used (i) to repay the debt to Sparebanken Sogn og Fjordane and thereafter (ii) to repay the Loan.
(ix) Clause 13 is amended by inserting new sub-clauses 13.2 (m), (n) and (o) to read as follows:
(m) ensure that no member of the Group shall make any changes in the payment schedule for the Fleet Loan, the BOS Angler Companies Debt or the Lease Facility,
(n) if the Group (on a aggregated basis) holds Free Cash amount exceeding USD 10,000,000 (the "Cash Sweep Amount") at any time after the Interest Payment Date in February 2010, ensure that such Cash Sweep Amount shall be transferred to the DSR Account immediately, and
(o) ensure that the conversion o f Stad Angler KS to a limited liability company (AS) is carried out as soon as possible and completed no later than 30 June 2010, and that the BOS Angler Mortgage is established immediately after the said conversion.
3. Confirmation of the Loan Agreement
All other provisions o f the Loan Agreement remain in full force. The Loan Agreement and this Amendment Agreement constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the above mentioned Bond issue.
4. Condition Precedent
The effectiveness of this Amendment Agreement will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it:
(i) this Amendment Agreement duly signed by the Loan Trustee and the Borrower,
(ii) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to enter into this Amendment Agreement,
(iii) (if applicable) evidence for establishment o f any additional Loan Security (and any insurance for the Loan Security), including legal opinion satisfactory to the Loan Trustee,
(iv) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of any new security provider,
(v) written document evidencing that NOK 30,000,000 of new share capital is fully paid in,
5

(vi) written document evidencing that the Borrower has renegotiated the repayment o f a NOK 38,000,000 bridge loan, due 24 August 2009, to be repaid in full on 24 February 2011 and that the said facility shall not be served or otherwise repaid before full repayment o f the Loan, and
(vii) written document evidencing that the Borrower has obtained necessary approvals from Sparebanken Sogn og Fjordane and the bank will corporate in establishing the BOS Angler Mortgage.
5. Governing Law
Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.
6. Commencement
The amendments to the Loan Agreement will commence at the date of the performance of all condition precedent set out above.
Oslo, [31] August 2009

Bergen Oilfield Services AS

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Borrower

Loan Trustee

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), o f which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

6

