l \ ec111io11 version

ISIN NO 001073717.4

BOND AGREEMENT between
Nelja Energia AS (as Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (as Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders
in the bond issue
FRN Nelja Energia AS Senior Unsecured Callable Green Bond Issue 2015/2021

NT

TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTERPR ETA TION
2 TH E BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REG ISTRATION IN THE SECU RITI ES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSF ER OF BONDS
6 CONDITIONS PR ECEDENT AND SUBSEQUENT
7 REPR ESENTA T IONS AND WARRANTI ES
or 8 STATUS THE BONDS AND SECURITY
9 INTEREST 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION II PAYM ENTS 12 ISSU ER' S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EX PENS ES 15 EV ENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS' M EETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLAN EOUS

Erec11lio11 version
3 9
I ll
10 10 10 12 14 14 15 16 18
18
23 23 26 28 30

NT

£ ,·ec111io11 Fer:,;io11

This agreement has been entered into on 29 May 2015 by and between

(I)

Nelja Energia /\S , a company existing under the laws of Estonia with company registration

number I I 183009, as issuer (the "·Issuer"), and

(2)

Nordic Trustee /\ SA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number

963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

In tcrprcta tion

I. I

Defi11ilirm.1

111 this Bond Agreement , the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Attachment'' means each of the attachments to thi s Bond Agreement.

"Bond Agreement' means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to tim e.

"Bond Dcfcasancc" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18 .2.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bond Reference Rate" means six months EURIBOR.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as regi stered in the Securities Deposi tory, from Lime to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.

"Bonds" means the debt instruments iss ued by the Iss uer pursuant to thi s Bond Agreement.

"Book Equity" means the consolidated book equity of the Group (including the Shareholder Loans) di vided by the conso lidated total assets of th e Group at the end of any Relevan t Period, both in accordance with IPRS .

"Broceni Agreements" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 6.5.

"Broccni CHP/Pcllet Project'' means the Group 's combined CHP and pellet production investment project in Latvia to be ow ned by Technological Solutions SIA and Pell et 4 Energia SIA .

"Business Day" means any TA RGET Day on which commercial banks are open for ge neral business and can sellle Foreign currency tra11sac1io11s in Os lo and Tallinn .

"Business Day Convention " means that if the relevant Payment Date originally falls on a day

that is 110I a Business Day, an adj ustment of the Payment Date wi ll be made so that the

relevant Payment Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unl ess that day

fall s in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the lirst preceding day that is a

Business Day (lvlod(lied Following B11si11ess Day Cunvemio11).

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.

LJ

3
NT

L\ec111in11 version

"Change of Control Event" means if Vardar, directly or indirectly, no longer has Decisive lnlluence over the Issuer.

"Decisive lnnucnec" means a person having. as a res ult of an agreement or through the owne rship of shares or interests in another perso n:

(a)

a maj ority of the voting rights in that other person; or

(b)

a ri ght to elect or remove a majority or the members or the board of directors or that

other person.

When determining the relevant person 's number of voling rights in the other perso n or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, right s held by the parent co mpany of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.

"Dcfcasa ncc Security" shall have the meaning g iven to it in Cl ause 18.2.

"Distribution" means any (i) payment or dividend 0 11 shares, (ii ) repurchase of ow n shares, (iii) redemption of share capital or other restricted eq uity with repay ment to shareholders, or (iv) any other similar di stribution or transfers of va lue to the direct and/or indirect shareholders of any Group Com pany or the affiliates of such direct and/or indirect shareholders without mutual consideration (including group contributions).

"EBITDA" means, for any Relevant Period, earni ngs befo re interest, tax, deprec iation and amortization as reported in accordance with IFRS.

"EUR" means Euro, being the lega l currency of the member stales of the European Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty .

"EURIBOR" mea ns European Interbank Offered Rate. being (i) the applicable percentage rate per annum di splayed on Reuters sc reen EURIBOR0 I (o r through another system or website rep lacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. (B russe ls tim e) on the Interest Quotation Day for the offering of depos its in Euro and for a period comparabl e to the relevant period ; ( ii) if no scree n rate is available for the rel evant period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards lo four decimal places), as supplied to the Paying Agent al its request quoted by banks reasonab ly selected by the Paying Agent, or (iii ) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (ii), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Paying Agent best refl ec ts the interest rate for deposits in Euro offered for the rel evant period ; and (iv) if any such rate is below zero, EU RIBOR will be deemed to be zero.

"Ex isting Intercompany Loans" means the outstanding intercompany loans granted to the Issuer by the follO\.ving Subsidiaries:

(i)

Robeline Ring Tuulepargid 00 with a total outstanding princi pal amount (a nd

unpaid interes t) of in aggregate approximately EU R 8,800,000;

(ii)

00 Pakri Tuulepargid with a total outstanding principal amount (and unpaid inte rest)

of in aggregate approximately EUR 2,000,000; and

(iii) Tooma Tuulepark 00 with a total outstanding principal amount (a nd unpaid inte rest)
· or in aggregate approximate ly EUR 440,000.
0 "Event or Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause
151

4
NT

£rec11tio11 versio11

"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Bors, on which the Bonds arc listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.

·'Face Value" mea ns the denomination of each of the Bonds, c1s set out in Clause 1.1.

"Finance Documents'' means (i) thi s Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Funding Escrow Account Pledge (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any other document executed in relation to the granting of any Security lo the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, and (v) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is exec uted at any Lime by the Iss uer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement and which the Iss uer and the Bernd Trustee agree in writing to be a Finance Document.

"Financial [udebtcdness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(a)

monies borrowed ;

(b)

any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or

dematerialized equivalent;

(c)

any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes,

debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument ;

(ti)

the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which

would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;

(e)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold

on a non-recourse basis);

(f)

any amount raised under any other transac tion (including any forward sa le or

purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(g)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or

benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any

derivative transac tion , only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);

(h)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect ofa guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby

or documentary letter or credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial

institution in respect of an underlying liability of an entity which is not a Group

Company which liability would fall within one of the other paragraphs of thi s

defi nition; and

(i)

without doubl e counting, the amount of any liability in respect of'any guarantee or

indemnity for any or the items referred to in paragraphs (a) Lo (h) above.

"Financial Statements'' means the audited unconso lidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issue r for any financial year drawn up according to GAA P, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the management board of the Iss uer. Such statements shall also detail the financial pe1to.-mance of the Restricted Subsidiaries.

·'Floating Rate" shall have the meaning se t out in Clause 9.1.

5
NT

l:\-ec111ir1111·ersim1
"Floating Rate Day Count Frnction" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 9.4.
"Free Cash " means on any date the amount ofumcstricted, unpledged and freely available cash.
"Funding Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents, and into which EUR 25 ,000,000 (the "Funding Escrow Account Amount") or the net proceeds from Bonds shall be transferred on the Issue Date J'or subsequent draw-down and use in accordance with Clause 2.3 (b), subject to fulfllmenl of the conditions set out in Clause 6.5.
"Funding Escrow Account Pledge" means Lhe pledge over the r:unding Escrow Account where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"C AAP" means the generally accepted accounting principles, practices and st·andards in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (If.RS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force l'rom time to time.
"Croup" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to lime (each a "Group Company").
'; [FRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, and guidelines and interpretations issued thereto by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereat), in force from time to time.
';Intercompany Loans" mea·ns any loans from any Group Company to the Issuer which are fully subordinated lo the Bond Issue.
';Interest Coverage Ratio" means, for any Relevant Period, EBITDA on a consolidated basis for the Restricted Group, plus any Distribution received by the Issuer from its Subsidiaries (not being Restricted Subsidiaries) including interest received by the Issuer on intercompany loans to Group Companies (not being Restricted Subsidiaries), divided by the Net Interest Expense of the Issuer.
"Interest Pnyment Date" means 2 June and 2 December each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interest Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP. Such statements shall also detail the financial performance of the Restricted Subsidinries.
"lntcrim Loans" means the outstanding shareholder loans granted by the Issuer' s shareholders on 27 March 2015 lo the Issuer with a total outstanding principal amount of in aggregate approximately EU R 5,000,000 (plus accrued interest).
"ISIN'' means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 2 June 2015.
6
NT

Execution version

"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive lnnuence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.

"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue , being Swedbank Norway branch of Swedbank AB (publ.), Filipstad brygge I, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway.

"Margin " means six point live percentage points (6.50'½1) per annum .

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial conditions or operations or the Issuer and/or the Group as a whole, (b) the Issuer' s ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.

"Maturity Date" means 2 June 2021 . Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Net Interest Expense" means, for any Relevant Period, the aggregate gross interest costs (excluding interest costs accrued under any Shareholder Loans) less the aggregate gross interest income, in accordance -..vith 117RS. For the avoidance of doubt gains or losses on currency transactions and unrealized gains or losses from interest rate swaps and transaction tees on the Bond Issue is not considered as income or cost.

"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway .

'"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise di scharged.

"Party" means a party to this Bernd Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry \.Vith respect to the Bonds.

"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.

"Project Completion Guarantee" means any guarantee issued in connection with construction of any renewable energy projects, provided that such guarantee expires (at a specific date as is customary) at the later of (i) the end of the project phase, and (ii) the first payment is made from customers from the relevant project or the commissioning has taken place and the taking over certificate is signed.

"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, JO June, JO September and JI December.

"Relevant Period" means, at the date of calculation, the 12 months immediately preceding such date.

"Restricted Group" means the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries.

"Restricted Subsidiaries" means the following Group Companies:

( i)

VV Tuulepargid 00, a company incorporated under the laws of Estonia with

(ii)

0 company registration number 11427730;
Technological Solutions SIA, a company incorporated under the laws of Latvia with com pnny ,egistration nrnn ber 40 I034300 197; and

7
NT

l\ec11tio11 versio11

(iii ) Pellet 4Energia SIA, a co111pa11y incorporated under the laws of Latvia with co111pany regi strati on number 40 I03 783295,

each a '·Restricted Subsidiary".

"Securities Depository" mea ns the sec urities depository in which the Bond Iss ue is registered , being Verdipapirse ntral en AS/\ (VPS) in Norway.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or sec urity trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, li en or other security interest sec uring any obligation o r any person or any other agreement or arrange ment having a similar effec t.

'·S hareholder Loan'· means any loans from any share holder or shareholder group company to the Issuer which are fully subordinated to the Bond Iss ue, have payment-in-kind interest, no acceleration ri ghts and where no repay ment is per111illed until after the Maturity Date (a nd after full repayment or the Bond Issue. in cl uding interests). other than with an amount which may otherwise be subject to Distribution to its shareholders.

"Stamdata" mean s the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subsidiary" means a company ove r which another company has, directly or indirectly. Decisive Influence.

"TARGET Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Ex press Transfer payment system is open for the se ttlement of pay ments in euro.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933. as amended.

"Vardar" means Vardar AS, a company incorporated under the laws of Norway with company registration number 977 028 442.

"Vardar Loan" means th e outstanding shareholder loan granted by Vardar to VV Tuulepargid
00 with a total outstanding principal amount (and unpaid interest) of in aggregate
approximately EUR 13,400,000.

"Voting Bonds" mea ns the Outstanding Bonds less the Iss uer' s Bonds.

1. 2

Cons/ructio11

In thi s Bond Agreement, unless the contex t otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease of reference only ;

(b)

words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c)

references to Clauses are refe rences to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(cl)

references to a time is a referenc e to Oslo tim e;

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended

or re-e nacted. and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pur uant to

such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other b nding

decisions relating to such provision or regu lation;

8

NT

E.rec111io11 version

(t)

an Eve nt of Default is "continuin g" if it has not bee n remedi ed or wa ived; and

(g)

references to a "person '' shall include any indi vidual, firm , co mpany, corporation,

gove rnment. state or agency of a state or any assoc iati on. trust. joint venture.

consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate lega l personality).

2

The Bonds

2. 1 Bi11ding nature oftliis Bond Agree111e111

2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholde r (directl y or in directl y) with the Secur ities Deposi tory, the Bo ndholders are bound by the terms or thi s Bond Agree ment and any o ther Finance Docum ent, without any further acti on req uired to be taken or fo rm alities to be compli ed with, see also Clause 18.1.

2. 1.2 Thi s Bond Agree ment is ava il able to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure th at thi s Bond Agree ment is ava il able to the genera l public throughout the entire term of th e Bond s. Thi s Bond Agreement may be published 0 11 Stam data or such other ve nues as dec ided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2

The Bonds

The Issuer has reso lved to issue a seri es of Bonds in the max imum amount of EUR 50.000,000 (Euro fifty milli on).

The Face Value is EU R I. The Bonds shall rank pari passu betwee n themse lves.

The Bond fss ue wi ll be desc ribed as " FRN Nelja Energia AS Se ni or Unsecured Call able Gree n Bond Issue 201 5/202 1".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 00 I073717 .4.

The tenor of the Bond s is fro m and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3

Purpose and 11/ilizalion

The net proceeds from the Bonds (net of lega l costs, fees of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expe nses) shall exc lusive ly be empl oyed as fo ll ows:

(a)

Repay ment of the Yardar Loa n;

(b)

EUR 25,000.000 to fin ance the Broceni Cl-IP/Pellet Project;

(c )

Repay ment or the Interim Loans; and

(cl )

The remaini ng amount for general corporate purposes, including inves tm ents in new

proj ec ts.

The amount on the Funding Escrow Acco unt shall only be used in accordance with item (b) above, and be re leased (by one or several disbursements) subj ec t to certain condi tions precedent as set fo rth in Clause 6.5 .

2.4

Green Bond

The Issuer is iss uing the Bo nd Issue as a "green bomf' in line with the stated defi ni tio n of green bonds within gree n bond principles, which is to enable capital-ra isin and in ves tm ent fo r new and existing proj ects with environm enta l benefits.

9
NT

l:.rec11ti1111 l'ersio11

J

Listing

J. I

The Issuer shall apply for listi11g of the Bonds 011 Oslo B0rs within 12 months from the Issue

Date.

3.2

If the Bonds are listed, the Iss uer ·hall ensure that the Bonds re111ain listed until they have been

discharged in full.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1

The Bond Issue a11d the Bonds shall prior lo disbursement be registered i11 the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) a11d the terms

and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4 .2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made a11d shall

notify the Securities Depository of any cha11ges in the terms and conditions or thi s Bond

Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall rece ive a copy of the notification. The registration may be

executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard Lo the Bonds, as

applicabl e from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g.

to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each

Bo11dholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its ow11 cost

and expense.

5.2

Notwithsta11ding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may neverthel ess utilize its rights (including, but not limited

to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent nnd Subsequent

Pre-se11/e111enl

6.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds or the Bonds Lo the Issuer and to the Funding Escrow

Account will be subject lo the Bond Trustee having received the documents li sted below, in

form and substance satisfactory Lo it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a)

this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto:

(b)

cerli li ed copies of all necessary corporate reso lutions of the Issuer lo iss ue the Bonds

and execute the Finance Documents;

(c)

a power of allorney from the Issuer to relevant individual s l'or their execution of the

relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant regi ster or similar

documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance

Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

(cl)

certified copies or (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official

u document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly regi slere- anc e ·isling and (ii)
the Articles of Association of the Issuer;

10

NT

£rec111iu11 versiu11

(c)

the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any );

( I)

confirmati on from the Manager that the req uirements se t out in Chapter 7 or the

Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive

(2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfill ed;

(g)

to the exte nt necessary , any public authorisations req uired ror the Bond Iss ue;

(h)

co nfirmati on that the Bonds have been registered in the Sec uriti es Depository;

( i)

the Bond Tru stee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly exec uted;

(i)

copies or any wrillen documentation used in the market ing of the Bonds or made

public by the Issuer or the Manage r in connection with the Bond Issue;

(k)

any statements or lega l opinions reaso nably req uired by the Bond Trustee (including

any ca pacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions related to the validity,

perfection and enforceability or the Finance Documents);

( I)

releva nt docum entation ev idencing that the Vardar Loans will be full y repaid and

discharged immediately upon release of runds to the Iss uer;

(111)

written evidence that a process agent is nominated by the Iss uer; and

(n)

the Funding Esc row Account being established and the Funding Escrow Account

Pledge bei ng duly exec uted by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate

reso lutions from the Issuer as sec urity provider) and evidence of the esta blishment

and perfection of the same.

6.2

The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for

documentation as set out in Cla use 6.1 .

·

6.3

Disbursement of th e net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to th e Bond Trustee's written

notice to the Iss uer, the Manage r and the Paying Agent that the doc uments have been

contro ll ed and that the required conditions precedent are fultill ed .

6.4

On the Issue Date, subjec t to rece ipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to C lause

6.3, the Manager shall transfer the Funding Escrow Account Amount to the Funding Escrow

Account and make the remaining net proceeds from the Bond Issue availabl e to the Issuer.

Pre-disb11rse111e11tji·o1111!,e Funding Escmw Accou/11

6.5

Release (by one or severa l disbursements) of the Funding Escrow Account Amount deposited

on the Funding Escrow Account to the Issuer shall be subj ect to the Bond Trustee rece iving, in

form and substance sat isfactory to th e Bond Trustee, the following documents:

(a)

a dul y executed release notice from th e Issuer, which includes sati sfac tory

documentation ev iden cing that the amount to be released wi ll be applied in

accordance with the purpose or the Bond Iss ue, in the form sel out in Annex 2

hereto ;

(b)

written confirmation from the Issuer th at no Event of Delau lt has occurred, is

continuing or is anticipated;

11
NT

Frec11tio11 version

(c)

satisfactory evidence that Cl-IP design and construction agreement; and/or Pellet

Project foundation design and/or construction agreement; and/or Pellet project

station supply agreement are duly executed (signed and entered into force) and

delivered by the relevant parties (the ;'Broccni Agreements");

(d)

satisfactory evidence that Broceni Cl-IP has a building perm ii giving the right to s tart

construction works;

(e)

satisfactory evidence that Pellet Project has a building permit giving lhe right to start

construction works;

(f)

a copy of the commercial invoice(s) issued by the contractor(s) and/or supplier(s) in

accordance with the Broceni Agreements;

(g)

inlermecliate or final acceptance certificate(s} signed by a duly authorised Broceni

Cl-IP/Pel let Project representative;

(h)

approval from the technical consultants on the works accepted \.Vith the acceptance

certi ficate(s ), and

(i)

any other statements or opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee related to

the above.

6.6

The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for

documentation as set out in Clause 6.5.

6.7

Disbursement of funds from the Funding Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee ' s

written notice to the Issuer and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and

that the required conditions precedent are fultillecl.

Condition subsequent
6.8 Broceni CHP/Pellet Prr?iect
The Issuer shall as soon as possible after the encl of construction under the Broceni Cl-IP/Pellet Project, deliver satisfactory evidence that the Broceni Cl-IP/Pellet Project have received all necessary permits to put the Broceni Cl-IP/Pellet Project into operation.

7

Representations and Warrnntics

7.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a)

Status

It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and regi stered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

l· (b)

Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated y- t,f~ e Finance
Documents._

12

-~

NT

F..recution version

(c)

Valid, hinding and enforceable obliga1iu11s

This Bond Agreement and each other r-inance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal , va lid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) 110 further regi stration. tiling. payment of lax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable lo render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d)

Nnn-co1!/lic1 will, olher obligations

The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document lo which it is a party and the transactio ns contemplated thereby do 1101 and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constilutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

(e)

No Even/ of Dejc111II

(i)

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown

under thi s Bond Agreement or the entry into, th e performance or, or any transaction

contemplated by, any f-inance Document.

(ii)

No other event or circum stance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry

of a grace period. the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any

combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event

(howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding 011

it or any of its Subsidiaries or lo which its (or any or its Subsidiaries') assets are

subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

Aullwrizations and consenls

All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, lilings, notarizations or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under thi s

Bond Agreement or any other f-inance Document to which it is a party ; and

(ii)

to carry 011 its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by thi s Bond

Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

(g)

litigalion

No litigation , arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigation s of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belict) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

(h)

Financial State111e11ts

Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and tlnancial condition as at their respective dales , and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i)

No Material Ad\lerse Ej/'ect

Since the elate of the most recent f-inancial Statements, there has been 110 change in its business. assets or tinancial condition that is likely to have a Material Adv~rse Eftec .

13

~

NT

Erec11/in11 version

(i)

No 111is/eadi11g injur111alio11

Any factual informati on provided by ii to the subsc ribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of thi s Bond Iss ue was true and acc urate in all materi al res pecls as at lhe date it was provided or as al the dnle (if any) al which it is slated.

(k)

No 111itl,J,o/dings

The Is ·uer is 110 1 required to make any dedu cti on or withholding from any payment whi ch it may become obliged lo make lo the Bo nd Trustee or the Bondholders under thi s Bond Agree ment.

(/)

Pari pas.1·11 ranking

Its payment obligations under thi s Bond Agree ment or any other Finance Doc um ent to which it is a party rank at least pari pass11 as set out in Clause 8. 1.

(111)

Se c urity

No Security ex ists over any of the prese nt assets of any Group Company in confli ct with this Bond Agree ment.

7.2

The representati ons and warranti es set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the executi on elate of thi s

Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each

clrawclown date from the Funding Escrow Account.

8

Status of th e Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Iss uer. The Bond s shall rank at least pari pass11 with all other unsec ured seni or obligations of the Iss uer (save for such claims which are mandatorily preferred by bankruptcy, inso lvency, liquidation or other similar laws of ge neral applicati on) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2

The Bonds are unsecured, except for the Funding Esc row Account Pledge.

9

Interest

9.1

The Issuer shalI pay interes t on the par value of the Bonds from , and including, the Issue Date

at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (togethe r the "Floating Rate").

9.2

Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first

Interes t Pay ment Date fa lling in December 201 5.

9.3

The relevant interes t paya ble amoun t shall be ca lcul ated based on a peri od from, and

including, the Issue Date to, but exc luding, the next fo ll ow ing applicable Interest Pay ment

Date, and thereaf'ter from and including, th at Interest Pay ment Date to, but excluding, the next

followin g applicable Interest Pay ment Date.

9.4

The clay count fracti on ("Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respec t of the ca lcul ati o n of

th e payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of clays in the

calculati on peri od in whi ch pay ment is being made is di vided by 360.

9.5

The applicable Floating Rate on the Bond s is se t/rese t on each In te rest Payment Date by the

Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the rele vant

calcul ation peri od, based on the Bond Refe rence Rate two Business Days preceding--- hat

Interest Payment Date.

·

14

~ NT

{xec111io11 ve rsion

When the interest rate is set for the lirsl tim e and on subsequent interest rate rese ts, the nex t Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up lo th e next Interes t Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notifi ed to the Bondholders, the Iss uer, the Paying Age nt , and if the Bonds are listed, the Exc hange.

9.6

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation peri od shall be calculated as

follows:

Inl e res t Amount

Face

X

Valu e

f-'loating Rate

X

Floating Rat e

Day Count Fraction

IO

Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

I0.1 MaturiI)' and i11sta/111ents The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in instalments as follows:

Payment Date Interest Payment Date in .lune 2019 Interes l Payment Date in December 2019 Interest Paym ent Date in .lune 2020 Interest Payment Date in Dece mber 2020 Maturity Date
Sum

Amount EU R 2,000,000 EU R 2,000,000 EU R 2,000,000 EU R 2,000,000 EU R 42,000,000 EUR 50,000,000

Payment of instalments must be carried out pm ra/a in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

I0.2 Call Option

I0.2.1 The Issuer may al any time redeem the Bond Iss ue in whole (but not in parts) as follows (Ca ll Option):

(a)

with sellfement dale to, but not including. the Interest Pay ment Date in .lune 2018 at

a price equivalent to the sum of:

(i)

the present value on the relevant record date or I04% of par value as ir

such payment should have tak en place on the Interest Payment Date in

June 2018; and

(ii)

the present value on the relevan t record dale of the rematn111g coupon

payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the

Interest Payment Date in .lune 20 18,

both (i) and (ii ) calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the

comparable German Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the

Bonds until the Interest Payment Date in June 2018), plus accrued interes t on

redee med amount, and where " relevant record date" shal I mean a elate agree!LJ..!. 011

between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in corlJnec tion w1 1

such repayment;

~

IS
NT

Execlllio11 version

(b)

with selllement date any lime from and including the lnteresl Paymenl Date in June

2018 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in June 2019 al I04% or par

value plus accrued interests on redeemed amount;

(c)

with settlement date any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in June

2019 to, but nol including, the Interest Payment Date in June 2020 at I03% of par

value plus accrued interests on redeemed amount; and

(cl)

with settlemenl date any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in June

2020 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at I02% of par value plus accrued

interests on redeemed amount.

The applicable call price above shall be determined on the basis of the settlement date of the Call Option.

I0.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in wriling to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date or the Call Option.

I0.2.J Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Deposi tory).

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

I0.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with Ihis Clause I0.2 shal I be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

I0.J Change ofcontrol

I0.J. I Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par value pl us accrued interest.

I 0.J.2

The Put Option must be exercised within 15 days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event but subject to the actual occurrence and completion of the Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Eve nt has taken place.

I 0.J.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be 15 days fol lowing the end of the 15 day exercise period referred to in Clause I0.3 .2.

10.J .4

On lhe settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each or the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

11

Payments

I I . I Covenant to pay

16
NT

Execution version

I I. I. I

The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other clue elate pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay lo or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit or the Bond Trustee and the Bondhold e rs.

I 1.2

Pay111 e11/ 111cc:ha11ics

11.2. 1

ll'no specilic order is mac.le by the Bond Trustee under Clause I I.I.I , the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders. under thi s Bond Agreement or any other Pinance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited lo the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question , but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, paym ent shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question. see however Clause I 1.3 .

11 .2 .3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer, the Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11 .2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 Currency

I 1.3. I

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK , each Bondholder has lo provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed , and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as othe('\,vise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Pinance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If; however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depos itory.

I 1.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred .

11.4 Se1-oj/'and co11nfcrdai111s

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to thi s Bond Agreement or any other Pinance DocunDent.

11.5

/11/er esf in the event <?(/ale pay 111e11f

17
NT

Exec111io11 11ersio11

11.5.1

In the even! !hat nny amount clue under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant clue dale, the unpaid amount shall bear inlerest from the clue dale at nn interesl rale equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00°/ci) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the clefaul1·ed amounl on each respeclive Interest Paymcnl Dale relaling thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11 .5 .3 The unpaid amounts sha ll bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds arc declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cL Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

I 1.6

f'arlial eay111e11/s

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment !hat is insufficienl to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, !hat paymenl shall be applied in the following order:

(a)

first , in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, rnsts and ex penses of the Bond

Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b)

secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the

Bond Agreem ent, pro rata and without any preterence or priority of any kind; and

(c)

thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal clue but unpaid under the Bond

Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Iss uer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may al the Iss uer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1

The Iss uer undertakes from the elate of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document unless the Bond Trustee or the bondholders' meeting (as lhe case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise), to the Bond Trustee, as further se t out in this Clause 13.

13. 2 l11.frm11alion Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a)

without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of

any Evenl of Derault, any event or circumslance which could reasonably be expected

to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which could reasonably be

expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b)

without being requested to do so, inform the 13ond Trustee in writing if the Issuer

agrees to sell or di spose of all or a substantial parl of its assets or opeTa ·ons, or

change the nature of its business;

I8
f\1 T

Erec111io11 version

(c)

without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them

available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for

publicatio·n at Stamdata) as soon as they become available. and not later than 120

days after the end of the financial year;

(cl)

without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available

on its website in the English language (allernatively by arranging for publication on

Stamdata) as soon as they become available. and not later than 60 days after the end

of the relevant quarter, first time for the quarter ending on 30 June 2015;

(e)

al the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer' s Bonds;

(I)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory

notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited Lo in connection with mergers,

de-mergers and reduction or the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g)

ir the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a

copy to the Bond Trustee or its notices to the Exchange;

(h)

if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the

Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such

rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond trustee is

entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository or Paying Agent

directly); and

U)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business,

assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.l(c) and (cl), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer' s compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13 , unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment I hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectil'y the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covena11/s

(a)

Pari pa.1·s11 ranking

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b)

/11/ergers

The Issuer shall not , and shall ensure that no Group Company shall , carry out any merge r or

other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets

and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any n ~l'--C~ nies or

enti tks if such trnnsactiun wm,ld h"'e n Mated al Adrnse EFfect.

~

19
NT
·

Exec11/io11 version

(c)

De-merg ers

The Issuer shall not , and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d)

Cn111i1111atio11 o_(busi11ess

The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.

(e)

Disposal ofbusiness

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group ' s assets or operations, unless: (i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and (ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(/)

Ann's lenglh lransaclions

The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall , enter into any transaction with any person except on arm ' s length terms and for fair market value.

(g)

Corporate status

The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or _jurisdiction of incorporation.

(h)

Compliance with laws

The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(i)

insurance

The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall procure that each Group Company will , maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, fund s or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements \Nith respect to its properties and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice.

13.4 Special covenants

(a)

Distribllfions

Distributions from the Issuer in any financial year shall be limited to 50'1/c'i of the Group ' s consolidated net profit (any unutilised part of the Group 's net protit from and including the fiscal year 2015 may be carried forward). Any Distribution shal I be subject to :

(i)

no Event of Default is outstanding or would occur from such Distribution; and

(ii)

compliance with the Financial

after such Distribution.

20

~

N-T

t::.xec111io11 versio11

(b)

Restricted Suhsidiaries

The Issuer shall procure that the Restri cted Subsidiaries rem ain single pu rpose companies whi ch sole purpose is to own the Viru Ni gula and Vanakiila wind parks and the Broceni Cl-IP/Pell et Project. The Issuer shall procure that all Free Cash of the Restri cted Subsidiaries shall (to the ex tent permilled by appli cable law) be transferred to the Issuer without undue de lay to the extent reasonably practicable. The Issuer shall 110 1 permit any Restri cted Subsidiary to create or permit to ex ist any cont ractual obligation s (or encumbrances) restri cting the right of any Restri cted Subsidiary to (i) pay div idends or make other di stributi ons to its shareholders, (ii ) pay any Financial Indebtedness to the Iss uer, make any loan s to the Issuer or (iii ) transfer any of its assets and propert ies to the Iss uer. Notwithstanding any other provisions herein, the Iss uer shall remain the I00% direct owner of
VY Tuulepargid 00 and Technological Solutions SIA and al leas t the 80% direct owner of
Pellet 4Energia SIA and remain in full control over the entity in all mailers.

(c )

Financial assistance

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Restricted Subsidiary shall, grant any loans, guarantees or other fin ancial ass istance (including, but not limited to granting security) lo or for the benefit of any third party, other than:

(i)

in the ordinary course of business (including in relation to the Broceni CHP

Proj ec t/Pell et Project),

(ii )

intercompany loans provided to any other Gro up Co mpany,

(iii) Project Completion Guarantees;

(iv) the guaran tees granted in favour of the lenders under the cu rrent loan faciliti es of
Tooma Tuulepark 00, not including any refinancing thereo t: upwards limited to
EUR 12 milli on;

(v)

share pledges on the Issuer's shares in its Subsidiaries (exc luding the Restricted

Subsidiaries) securing the respective Subsidi ary's financing arrangements; or

(vi) otherwi se limited to EUR 3 million in aggregate at any time.

(d)

Negative pledge

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Restri cted Subsidiary shall, in cur, create or permit to subsist any security over any or its assets or revenues or rights or enter into arrange ments having a similar effect, other than the fo llowing:

(i)

any security ari sing in co nnecti on with financ e or capital leases of premi ses, vehi cles

and other assets incurred by the Issuer or th e Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary

course of business up to an outstanding aggregate am ount of EUR 3 million ;

(ii) any netting or se t-off arrangement entered into in the ordinary course of its banking nrrangements fo r the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of members of the
Gro up (irappli cabl e);

(iii) security ove r any assets acquired by the Iss uer or a Restricted Subsidiary after the compl etion of the Bond Issue, provided the sec urity is di schar eel wit h+tl-J days of the dale of such acquisition ;

21
~I T

Exec11/io11 version

(iv) any retention of title or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of trading;

(v)

share pledges on the Issuer's shares in its Subsidiaries (excluding the Restricted

Subsidiaries) securing the respective Subsidiary's tinanci ng arrangements;

(vi) any security arising on rental deposits in connection with the occupation of lease hold premises in the ordinary course of business;

(vii) any security arising by operation of law; and

(viii) not otherwise permitted under (i)-(viii) above which in aggregate docs not exceed EUR 5 million (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time.

(e)

Financial Indebtedness restrictions

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Restricted Subsidiaries shall incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than:

(i)

the Bond Issue;

(ii)

in the period up until release of the net proceeds or the Bond Issue to the Issuer

(other than as deposited on the Funding Escrow Account), any amount outstanding

under the Vardar Loan and under the Interim Loans;

(iii) the Existing lntercompany Loans (but no refinancing thereof);

(iv) lntercompany Loans;

(v)

intercompany loans from the Issuer to any Restricted Subsidiary;

(vi) any guarantees issued (lo governments and other third parties) in the ordinary course of business and otherwise as permitted under (c) (Financial assi stance) above;

(vii) any financial indebtedness under any hedging arrangements entered into on market terms and as part or the ordinary course of business of the Issuer and for nonspecu lati ve purposes;

(viii) any financial indebtedness under any operational leases of real property, vehicles and other assets incurred by the Issuer or the Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business up to an aggregate outstanding amount of'EUR 5 million; and

(ix) any Shareholder Loans.

13.5 Fi11a11cial covenants

(a)

tvlini11111111 liquidity

The Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall in aggregate at all times maintain a combined

Free Cash of minimum EU R 2,500,000.

D (b)

Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio

The lss""' shnll at all fones maintain n minimrnn Interest Coverage Ratio of

22 ~

-
NT

Ewc111io11 version

(c)

Mi11i11111111 Book Eq11i~v

The Issuer undertakes lo ensure that the Group shall, 011 a consolidated basis, al all times maintain a Book Equity ofno less than 30%.

14

Fees and expenses

14. 1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notitications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and adminislration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository . The Bond Trustee may withhold fund s from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject lo Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.

14.2 The fees , costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

14.J Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer' s insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 If the Issuer is required by law lo withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(a)

the amount of the payment clue from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount

which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is

(after making the required withholding) equal lo the payment which would have

been due ifno withholding had been required; and

(b)

the Issuer shall al the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee

evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

15

Events of Default

15.1

ac___) The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds lo be in default upon occurrence of m1Y1Jf ·il~
following events:

23
N-T

£mc111io11 version

(a)

Non-pay111 e11/

The Issuer fails to fultil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when clue. unless. in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within tive Business Days following the original due date.

(b)

Breach t!(o!l1er ob/igatio11s

The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c)

Cross dejc.111/1

If for the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable

grace period;

(ii)

any Financial Indebtedness is declared lo be or otherwise becomes due and payable

prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described) ; or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of EUR 5 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

(cl)

Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves lo have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(e)

Insolvency

(i)

The Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary is unable or admits inability to pay its debts

as they fall due or suspends making payments on any of its debts.

(ii )

The value of the assets or the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiaries is less than its

liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).

(/)

!11so/vency proceedings a11d dissolwion

If for the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, any corporate action. legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness. winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement,

scheme _of ''.rrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquid: ~io1.\-01~

reocgan,zat10n;

~

24
NT

E.xec11lim1 version

(ii)

a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an

adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

or

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This paragraph (f) shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is di scharged , stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.

(g)

Creditors' process

The Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary having any of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject lo enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, having an aggregate value as set out in paragraph (c) above.

(h)

Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any or the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(i)

Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultation with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and noncontractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a)

the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from

Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders'

Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b)

the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the

Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bernd Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts clue under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal clue lo the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest 01 verdue

25
NT

Exec111io11 version

amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event or Default shall be calculated al the prices set out in Clause I0.2 .

16

Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 Au1/10ri1y 0/1/Je Bnndholc/ers · Meeling

16.1 . 1

The Bondholders' Meeting represe nts the supreme authority or the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power tu make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited lo, any reduction or principal or interes t and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders ' Meeting cannot reso lve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may reso lve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16. 1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required , such reso lution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17. 1. Reso lutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules.fiJr Bondholders ' 111eetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a)

the Issuer;

(b)

Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c)

the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(cl)

the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16. 2.3

lf the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16. 2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be di spatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be se nt to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository al the time of distribution. The Exc hange shall also be informed i1· the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also se t out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting

Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondhold~rs' tyteet, , by

se rving notice to it to such effect.

~

26
-NT

Lrec111io11 version

16.2 .7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held 011 prem ises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders ' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is 1101 present, the Bondholders ' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16 .2. 9

Minutes of the Bondholders ' Meeti ng shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number or Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the reso lutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and al least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2. 10

The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - represe ntatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting dec ides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy . Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2 .11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be prese nt under the voting.

16.3 Reso/utio11s passed al Bone/holders' Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The·issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3 .2

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum , at least half ( I/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represe nted at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is
,·equired Fo, any waive, o,· amendment of any tem,s of this Bond Ag,·eeD

27
NT

Execution version

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense or other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be noti tied of resolutions passed al the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bond/10/clers' Meeting

16.4.1

Ir the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3 , a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons ror the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half(l/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17

The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority ofthe Bone/ Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer or its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms or this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Defoult has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee 1iiay make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or moditications of certain provisions, which in the opinion or the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests or the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal or the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days tbllowing the dispatch or such notilicatio

28

~

NT

Erec11/io11 version

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17. 1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense or other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified or decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary .

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3 .5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise or its powers to other professional parties.

17. 1. 10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 liahi!izv and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for. and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause I5.3(a) or 16.2. 1 (b)), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change of Bond Tmst ee

17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3 .2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the
a~-- terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if
the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms ofth'·
Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

2<)
NT

E.rec11iio11 version

17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the function s as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appoi11t111ent ofSec11rity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main function s or the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Funding Escrow Account Pledge with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment or a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views 011 the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions , rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to req uire the Issuer and any other parties to any Finance Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right Lo instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, the Funding Escrow Account Pledge shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18

Miscellaneous

18. 1 The co11111111nity of Bondholders
By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2. 1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b)

the Bond Trustee has power and authority lo act on behalf of: and/or represe nt; the

Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other

action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Sec urity, opening of

bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access

lo the Securities Depository lo rev iew ownership of Bonds registered in the

Securities Depository; and

(cl)

pa"" G this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholdersilit!a~ g that:

(i)

the Bonds rnnk 1mrl

between each othe,·;

'

30

NT

L.rec111io11 versio11

(ii)

the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly

towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the

Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the

Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds,

enforcing any Security or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute

for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless of

claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however

not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived

from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the

Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v)

the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community .

18.2 Bond Dejeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any Lime, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Uond Dcfeasance"):

(a)

the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the

Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other

security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such

amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable

premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding

Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus applicable

premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that the

Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the

Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating,

hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

18.2.2

(c)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion

reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including

any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other

creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance

Security .

Upon the exercise by the Issuer or the Bond Defeasance:

(a)

the Issuer shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 13 ,

except Clauses 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h), (i) and (i), or as otherwi se agreed ;

(b)

the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any

actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security Lo be reduced , and shall

al the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such rurther action · as the Bond Trustee

may reasonably require;

(c)

any Guaranlor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s),

and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed ;

(d)

any Secudty otlm limn the Dereasance Secudty shall be d;schargedD

31
NT

l:.\ec11tio11 version

(e) , all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of thi s Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, lees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned lo the Issuer.

18.2.4 If the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Sec urity shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior lo the Defeasance Security.

18.3 li111italion ofclai111s

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal , shall be su~ject lo the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979No.18.

18.4 Access to i1'!/or111ation

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged .

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless other1,,vise provided for by this Bond Agreement , only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact i1·!formation

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy lo the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamclata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed lo be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by leller via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository;

and

(b)

if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy lo the Bond rustee-. 1d the Exchange.

32
.r'\J T

Erec11tio11 version

18 .6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided , all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing. by feller, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b)

ifby e-mail , when received; and

(c)

ifby fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address , e-mail address, telephone and fox numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a)

If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not

be inclusive, however, the meeting clay or the occurrence the deadline relates to,

shall be included.

(b)

If the dead Iine is set out in weeks, months or years, the dead Iine shall end on the day

in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number,

corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an

actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c)

If a deadline ends on a clay which is not a Business Day , the deadline is postponed to

the next Business Date.

18.7 Disp111e reso/111io11 and legal venue

18.7.1

This Bond Agreement and all disputes aris111g out of, or in connection with thi s Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2 All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to Clause 18.7.3 below, be exclusively reso lved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court or Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result , the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agenl

The Issuer hereby nominates Advokatfirnrnet Thommessen AS as its agent for service of process in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect or the courts in Norway, including but not limited to receipt or notices (in Norwegian: 111011a vars/er) and acceptance of service of process (in Norwegian: vedla .fbrky11nelse) or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement and/or any of the otlrer inance Documents.

*****
33
NT

£xec111in11 version
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, or which the Issuer and th e Bond Trustee retain one eac h.
Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee
..... .-Lui4..~.. ~
By: Position :

Nelja Energia : AS = ) as lssuerQ:kl
......... ........... ..... ............. ... ... ..... ...
By: Position : KALLE KIIGSKE
Member of the Management Board Juhatuse liige

/ ~l7/lv · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · ·: · · · · · · · · ·1 · · · .. · · ·17 ;:l' V( k ·

By:

rJI'- v/

Position:

34
NT

EYec11/in11 version

Attachment l

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@norclictrustee.no

Dear Sirs,

[date]

NELJA ENERGLA AS BOND AGREEMENT 2015/2021 - ISIN NO 001073717.4
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:
I. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date or the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

4. in accordance with Clause 13.5 (a), the Free Cash as of[date] is EUR XX

5. in accordance with Clause 13.5 (b), the Interest Coverage Ratio as of[clate] is XX

6. in accordance with Clause 13.5 (c), the Book Eq uity as of [date] is %

Copies of our latest consoliclatecl [Financial Statements]/ [Interim Accounts] are enclosed. Yours faithfully,
NX

Name ofautlwrized person Enclosure: [copy ufany wrilleli doc:11111e11/atio11]

35
N-T

Erec111io11 version

Attachment 2

RELEASE NOTICE - FUNDING ESCROW ACCOUNT
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@norcliclrustee.no

Dear Sirs,

[elate]

NELJA ENERGIA AS BOND AGREEMENT 2015/2021 - ISIN NO 001073717.4
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovemcntioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [c11rre11cy and amount] from the Funding Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank lo release the above mentioned amount.

To document the conditions precedent set forth in Clause 6.5 (c) through (h) of the Bond Agreement, please find attached hereto:

(a)

[certified copies of the Broceni Agreements together with confirmation that they have entered

into force] ;

(b)

evidence that Broceni CHP has a building permit giving the right to start construction works in

the form of [ ]:

(c)

evidence that Pellet Project has a building permit giving the right lo start construction works in

the form of [ ];

(cl)

a copy of the commercial invoice(s) iss ued by the contractor(s) and/or supplier(s) in

accordance with the Broceni Agreem ents;

(e)

[intermediate] [final acceptance certilicate(s)] signed by a duly authorised Broceni Cl-IP/Pellet

Project representative; and

(t)

approval from the technical consultants on the works accepted with the acceptance

certiticate(s).

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or
n) ) is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeal the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as
being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully ,

~

36
NT

Execlllion version
Nelja Energia AS Name ofauthorized person Enclosure: [co/~l' a/ any wrille11 doc 11111e11tation evidencing tl,e use q(fi111ds]
LJ
37
NT

