1
TERM SHEET
USD 60 million

ISIN: NO0010699317
Axis Offshore Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2013/2018 (the "Bond Issue" or "Bonds")
Settlement Date: Expected to be 18 December 2013

Axis Offshore Pte. Ltd. (Singapore, Issuer)

Dan Swift (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
(Singapore, Vessel Owner)

Technical Management
Agreement

Axis Offshore A/S (Denmark, Technical
Manager)

Collection Agreement (cost+)

Dan Swift Netherlands B.V.
(Netherlands, Charterer)

Axis Offshore Do Brasil Serviços Ltda.
(Brazil, Service Provider)

Time-charter agreement

Support Service Agreement (cost+)

Axis Nova Singapore Pte. Ltd.
(Singapore)

Axis Vega Singapore Pte. Ltd.
(Singapore)

Issuer: DS Singapore: Charterers:

Axis Offshore Pte. Ltd., a holding company registered in Singapore with registration no. 201211065R.
Dan Swift (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., a company registered in Singapore with registration no. 200813118H 100% directly owned by the Issuer.
Dan Swift Netherlands B.V., ("DS NL") a company registered in the Netherlands with registration no. 20133725 and 100% owned by DS Singapore, and Axis Offshore Do Brasil Servicos Ltda. ("DS Brasil"), a

2

company registered in the state of Brazil with inscription no. 11.180.194/0001-70 and approximately 99.99% owned by DS Singapore and approximately 0.01% owned by the Issuer.

Axis Denmark :

Axis Offshore A/S, a company registered in Denmark with registration no. 29 39 07 62 100% directly owned by the Issuer.

Group:

The Issuer and all its existing and future subsidiaries (as may be incorporated from time to time), each individually a "Group Company".

Dan Swift Group:

Means DS Singapore and all its existing and future subsidiaries (as may be incorporated from time to time), each individually a "Dan Swift Company".

Currency:

USD

Loan Amount:

USD 60 million

Interest Rate:

3 months LIBOR + 7.25% p.a., quarterly interest payments.

Settlement Date:

Expected to be 18 December 2013.

Notice to be given to subscribers a minimum of two (2) Business Days prior to the Settlement Date (on which date the net proceeds of the Bond Issue shall be credited to the Escrow Account).

Final Maturity Date: 18 May 2018 (four (4) years and five (5) months after the Settlement Date).

First Interest Payment Date:

18 March 2014 (three (3) months after the Settlement Date).

Last Interest Payment Date:

18 May 2018 (four (4) years and five (5) months after the Settlement Date).

Interest Payments:

Interest on the Bonds will accrue from (and including) the Settlement Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the Interest Payment Date in March, June, September and December each year. Day-count fraction is "act/360", Business Day Convention is "modified following" and Business Day is "Oslo and New York".

Issue Price:

100.00% of par value.

Nominal Value:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 100,000.

Minimum Subscription and Allotment:

Minimum subscription and allotment amount shall be USD 200,000, and integral multiples of USD 100,000 thereof.

Status of the Bonds: The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of any subordinated capital.

Amortizations:

The Bonds shall be repaid in full on the Final Maturity Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interests on redeemed amount).

3

Call Options:

The Issuer may redeem the outstanding Bonds (all or nothing) at any time from and including:
(i) the Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling 2 years after the Settlement Date at a price equivalent to the sum of:
a) the present value on the relevant record date of 106.00% of par value as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date falling 2 years after the Settlement Date; and
b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the date falling 2 years after the Settlement Date,
both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned date falling 2 years after the Settlement Date) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;
(ii) the date falling 2 years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling 3 years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 106.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(iii) the date falling 3 years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling 4 years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 104.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(iv) the date falling 4 years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 102.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

Purpose of the Bond The net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of legal costs, fees to the Arranger

Issue:

and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall exclusively be

used as follows:

(i) approximately USD 23 million to be employed as an internal loan or equity to Axis Vega Singapore Pte. Ltd for its immediate repayment of a shareholder loan (including accrued interest) of the same amount which is provided directly by J. Lauritzen Singapore Pte. Ltd. and HV VI Invest Sierra Limited and governed by a loan agreement dated 11 November 2013;

(ii) to fund the Additional Bond Security Account, if required; and

(iii) any remaining amount to be made available for general corporate purposes of the Group.

4

The use of the proceeds of the Bond Issue shall be evidenced to the satisfaction of the Trustee.

Subordinated Loan: The shareholders of the Issuer may provide subordinated loans to the Issuer ("Subordinated Loan").

Any Subordinated Loan shall (i) be fully subordinated to the Bonds, (ii) have a maturity date later than the Final Maturity Date, and (iii) any fees and/or any accrued interest shall be accumulated and added to the principal of such loan facility during the term of the Bonds. The above does not apply for the Permitted Shareholder Loans (as defined below).

Vessel:

Means the accommodation vessel Dan Swift (IMO ship identification number 8302894) being 100% directly owned by DS Singapore.

Additional Unit:

Means each of the following Accommodation Support Vessels ("ASV"):

(i) the ASV currently under construction at Cosco Shipyard in China (hull no. 500) to be named "Axis Nova" with expected and contractual delivery date in Q1 2015 and 100% currently owned by Axis Nova Singapore Pte. Ltd.;

(ii) the ASV currently under construction at Cosco Shipyard in China (hull no. 503) to be named "Axis Vega" with contractual delivery date in Q1 2016 and 100% currently owned by Axis Vega Singapore Pte. Ltd.; and

(iii) any other newbuilding or acquired units within the Group, including existing options.

Any Additional Unit is to be owned by single purpose companies (directly or indirectly) owned in whole or in part by the Issuer (each an "Additional Unit Owner"). The Issuer is not allowed to provide any financial support towards any Additional Unit Owner other than the Permitted Financial Support as described below.

Petrobras Contract:

DS NL, DS Brasil and Petrobras Netherlands B.V, a 100% owned subsidiary of Petróleo Brasileiro S.A. ("Petrobras") are parties to a charter agreement in relation to the Vessel dated 11 May 2011 (as assigned and amended), (the "Petrobras Contract") for the utilization of the Vessel for accommodation services offshore Brazil.

Security:

All amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Trustee and the Bondholders, including but not limited to interest and expenses, shall be secured by the following security (the "Security"):

Pre-Settlement Security:

From the Issuer:

(i) a first priority Norwegian law pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer on the Escrow Account (as defined below) (the "Escrow

Accounts: Escrow Account:

5
Account Pledge");
Pre-Disbursement Security:
From the Issuer:
(ii) a share charge under Singapore law granted by the Issuer over all of the shares (100%) in DS Singapore (the "Dan Swift Share Charge"), together with (to the extent legally possible), inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default for which the Trustee has issued a notice) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members; and
(iii) a first priority pledge under Norwegian law over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Debt Service Account and the Additional Bond Security Account (as defined below) (the "Account Pledge");
The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established no later than on the Settlement Date.
The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to the release from the Escrow Account, save for payment of fees and costs (including legal costs) due and owing related to the Bond Issue.
The Trustee may, at its sole discretion, postpone the delivery of certain conditions precedent.
The Security in (i) to (iii) above to be referred to herein as the "Security Documents" and shall remain in force until the Bonds have been repaid in full.
The security objects referred to above are referred to as the "Security".
Ranking of Security:
The Security shall, subject to applicable law only, rank on a first priority basis.
The Issuer shall open and maintain the below accounts with DNB Bank ASA:
(i) an Escrow Account (in connection with the settlement of the Bond Issue);
(ii) the Debt Service Account; and
(iii) the Additional Bond Security Account.
The Issuer shall prior to the Settlement Date establish the Escrow Account with DNB Bank ASA in USD, and the net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred by the Arranger to the Escrow Account on the Settlement Date. The Escrow Account shall be pledged in favor of the Trustee and blocked.
The funds in the Escrow Account shall only be (i) used by the Issuer according to the Purpose of the Bond Issue (including paying any fees and costs related to

6

the Bond Issue) as described above or, alternatively, (ii) in the event that the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent for any reason are not satisfied within 31 January 2014 used in connection with a mandatory prepayment of the entire Bond Issue at (a) par value (together with accrued interest) if such failure to comply with the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent is beyond the control of the Issuer and (b) otherwise at the rate applicable as set out under "Mandatory Prepayment".

The Issuer shall irrevocably and unconditionally instruct the Trustee and the Paying Agent to pay any fees and costs (including legal costs) due and owing related to the Bond Issue as evidenced by invoice from the Arranger (or the Arranger's legal counsel) using the proceeds in the Escrow Account, to the extent such fees and costs have not been deducted from the proceeds transferred to the Escrow Account.

Before any release from the Escrow Account takes place (other than payment of fees and costs as set out above), all applicable Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent (as described below) shall be complied with, or otherwise waived by the Trustee (acting on instruction from the Bondholders).

Debt Service Account:

The Issuer shall prior to the release from the Escrow Account establish an account to be used for debt service with DNB Bank ASA in USD (the "Debt Service Account"). The Debt Service Account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

Commencing from the Settlement Date, the Issuer shall at the end of each calendar month ensure that an amount equal to 1/3 of the next scheduled interest payment on the Bonds is deposited into the Debt Service Account. Any such payment shall be made as described under Application of Earnings from Dan Swift Group below, however if there is not sufficient earnings in the Dan Swift Group, such payment shall be made by any other company within the Group or from the shareholders of the Issuer.

The amount deposited in the Debt Service Account shall only be released for the Interest Payments as and when they fall due, as long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

Additional Bond Security Account:

The Issuer shall prior to the release from the Escrow Account establish an account to be used for satisfying the Dan Swift Coverage Ratio (as applicable) with DNB Bank ASA in USD (the "Additional Bond Security Account"). The Additional Bond Security Account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

The amount deposited in the Additional Bond Security Account shall be increased or decreased (as applicable) quarterly in accordance with the need under the Dan Swift Coverage Ratio, however no release shall take place if there is a potential Event of Default.

Application of Earnings from Dan Swift Group:

Earnings available from the Dan Swift Group after the Dan Swift Group having met its financial obligations (i.e. net of ordinary operating expenses including interest payments and amortizations under the Senior Bank Facility) shall be applied as follows:

7

Firstly, at the end of each calendar month, an amount equal to 1/3 on the next scheduled interest payment on the Bonds shall be transferred to the Debt Service Account.

Secondly, as and when applicable, an amount equal to the amount needed in order to satisfy the Dan Swift Coverage Ratio (less any such amount being paid in as equity or Subordinated Loan from the shareholders of the Issuer) shall be transferred to the Additional Bond Security Account.

Thirdly, any other amount shall be made freely available to the Issuer for legal distributions within the Group.

The above payments to the Issuer shall be carried out as intercompany loans, interim dividend payments or dividend payments.

Permitted Shareholder Loans:

The Issuer may, in addition to any Subordinated Loan, enter into short term loans provided by any of its shareholders as provided for by the shareholders agreement, for the purpose of funding unexpected short term liquidity needs, for a total aggregated amount of up to USD 20 million ("Permitted Shareholder Loans"), provided that such Permitted Shareholder Loans shall (i) have a duration of no longer than 6 months, (ii) be unsecured, (iii) rank behind the Bond Issue, (iv) not pay any coupon exceeding 11% p.a. and (v) not pay any fees in connection with the entry into, arrangement or any other circumstance connected to the Permitted Shareholder Loan.

Any such Permitted Shareholder Loan not repaid within 6 months shall be converted to equity.

Any Permitted Shareholder Loan shall be documented by a loan agreement acceptable to the Trustee and be subject to a subordination and turnover agreement with the Trustee and to include provisions securing that any repayment of any Permitted Shareholder Loans may take place only if the short term funding need has been fully remedied and is reasonably regarded as non-recurring and it is resolved unanimously by the board of directors having assessed and concluded that the financial situation of the Issuer is satisfactory in the light of the Issuers current and future obligations (including the payment obligations under the Bonds).

Permitted Seller's Credit:

Each Additional Unit Owner shall be entitled to incure up to USD 10 million of credit from the respective yard and/or seller in relation to the actual delivery of such Additonal Unit to the Additional Unit Owner.

Waterfall:

Proceeds following an Event of Default which has occurred and is continuing shall be applied in the following order of priority:

(i) firstly; in respect of all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred by the Trustee, and the Issuer will indemnify the Trustee for all costs and expenses in any event;

(ii) secondly; in or towards payment of all sums outstanding pursuant to the Finance Documents; and

(iii) finally; the balance, if any, shall be paid to the Issuer.

Conditions Precedent:

8
Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account will be subject to certain conditions precedent as customary for these types of transactions, including (but not limited to):
Pre-Settlement:
(i) confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default exists;
(ii) the Bond Agreement duly executed;
(iii) an agreement between the Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees duly executed;
(iv) the Pre-Settlement Security, duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from DNB Bank ASA and other counterparties, as applicable);
(v) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer authorizing the execution of the relevant Finance Documents;
(vi) all legal opinions in respect of the Bond Agreement and the PreSettlement Security being in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee;
(vii) the constitutional documents of the Issuer; and
(viii) any statement or legal opinion reasonably requested by the Trustee.
Pre-Disbursement:
(i) a release notice from the Issuer (including a statement regarding use of funds and confirmation of no potential or actual Event of Default), duly executed;
(ii) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer's Accounts have been opened;
(iii) satisfactory evidence that any amount needed to satisfy the Dan Swift Coverage Ratio has been deposited into the Additional Bond Security Account or will be deposited upon release from the Escrow Account;
(iv) confirmation from the Issuer that no Financial Indebtedness, security or guarantees (other than the Senior Bank Facility and that expressly permitted under the Finance Documents) exists for the Group other than minor obligations in aggregate not exceeding USD 100,000;
(ix) all Security Documents (other than those documents delivered PreSettlement) duly executed and perfected;
(x) copies of necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer authorizing

Issuer's Positive Covenants:

9
the execution of the Security Documents (other than those documents delivered Pre-Settlement);
(xi) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Trustee in respect of the Security Documents in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee;
(xii) satisfactory evidence that the loan from the Issuer as lender to DS Singapore as borrower of approximately USD 30 million has been converted to equity;
(xiii) satisfactory evidence that all applicable insurances have been taken out;
(xiv) satisfactory evidence that the lenders under the Senior Bank Facility have consented to the reduction of shareholding in the Issuer by J. Lauritzen Singapore Pte. Ltd. to less than 34%, in relation to the transfer of shares to HV VI Invest Sierra Limited; and
(xv) any other Finance Documents (unless delivered Pre-Settlement and to the extent applicable), in acceptable form and duly executed.
The Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of certain conditions precedent at its sole discretion.
The Issuer shall, inter alia:
(i) prepare unconsolidated and consolidated annual audited reports and unaudited quarterly reports and make such reports available on its website as soon as they become available, and no later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 90 days after the end of the relevant quarter, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules and regulations (the "Reporting"). Such reports shall be prepared in accordance with SFRS, and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement, all notes and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors for the Issuer;
(ii) maintain a 100% direct ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights in each of DS Singapore and Axis Denmark;
(iii) procure that DS Singapore maintain a 100% direct ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights in DS NL and procure that DS Singapore maintain at least 99.99% direct ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights in DS Brasil and that the remaining shares are held by the Issuer;
(iv) procure that no Group Company create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting any subsidiary from paying dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders to the extent such contractual obligation is reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement;
(v) do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that each Security Document

Issuer's Negative Covenants:

10
remains duly created, enforceable and perfected on first priority as stated above, at the expense of the Issuer; and
(vi) ensure that no Additional Unit Owner incur any secured debt (to be calculated less any cash collateral posted as security for such debt) exceeding 70% of the relevant fair market value (such fair market value to be based on the same principles as described under Group Market Value below) of the relevant Additional Unit (the "Permitted Secured Debt Facility"), but not including any securities granted under any hedging arrangements of up to USD 5 million being included in such Permitted Secured Debt Facility.
The Issuer shall not without the prior written approval of the Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders:
(i) declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares, service any Subordinated Loans under which the Issuer is a borrower or grant any loans or make any other distribution to its shareholder (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any share issued by any party) other than the repayments of any Permitted Shareholder Loan;
(ii) amend its constitutional documents in such a way which would have a Material Adverse Effect;
(iii) grant any loans, guarantees, or other financial assistance to any third party other than (i) loans to Group Companies, (ii) the Security granted for the Bond Issue, (iii) the Permitted Financial Support and (iv) guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business (including guarantees relating to performance bonds to charterers of the Vessel or any Additional Units while excluding any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance with respect to the construction and financing of any Additional Unit other than that provided for under Permitted Financial Support below);
(iv) engage in any transaction with any direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer unless such transaction is on bona fide arms' length terms;
(v) create or permit to subsist any additional security over any of the Security other than any encumbrance arising by operation of law;
(vi) invest or take part in any other activity than solely related to offshore accommodation services;
(vii) engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favorable to the Issuer, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time;
(viii) enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value;

11

(ix) cease to carry on its business or change the general nature of its business from that contemplated in this Term Sheet;

(x) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets (including but not limited to the Vessel but excluding a sale of any Additional Unit Owner in whole or in parts) or operations, unless the Bonds are redeemed in full in accordance with the Mandatory Prepayment provisions;

(xi) enter into any de-merger, merger or other corporate restructuring; or

(xii) allow the Vessel or any Additional Unit to operate in Cuba, Iran, Myanmar, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country or area being subject to Sanctions (as described below).

The Bond Agreement shall include other standard covenants as customary in the Norwegian or other high-yield bond market.

Dan Swift Group

The Issuer shall procure that each of the Dan Swift Companies (unless otherwise

Positive Covenants: described herein) at all times meet the following covenants:

(i) for DS Singapore only, prepare unconsolidated and consolidated annual audited reports and unaudited quarterly reports and make such reports available on the Issuer's website as soon as they become available, and no later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 90 days after the end of the relevant quarter, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. Such reports shall be prepared in accordance with SFRS, and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement, all notes and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors for the Issuer;

(ii) ensure that any charter agreement for the Vessel is entered into by a Dan Swift Company for the use of the Vessel by a reputable end-client not being member of the Group, and that all earnings from the Vessel are paid directly to a Dan Swift Company. The Trustee may approve that a charter agreement is entered into by another Group Company if such structure does not have a Material Adverse Effect, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld;

(iii) ensure that no charter agreement for the Vessel is entered into on terms which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(iv) ensure that the Vessel is managed by Axis Denmark or by such other reputable manager as agreed with the Trustee, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld;

(v) ensure that no distributions are made from the Dan Swift Group to the Issuer other than as applied in accordance with the provisions under Application of Earnings from Dan Swift Group;

(vi) maintain a 100% direct ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights of DS NL and maintain a minimum 99% direct ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights of DS Brasil and

12

that the remaining shares are held by the Issuer; and

(vii) enforce all such rights under the Petrobras Contract which is prudent and reasonable to enforce for the purpose of maintaining value to DS Singapore.

Dan Swift Group

The Issuer shall procure that none of the Dan Swift Companies , without the prior

Negative Covenants: written approval of the Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders:

(i) agree to or permit any changes to the Petrobras Contract which are likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(ii) amend its constitutional documents in such a way which would have a Material Adverse Effect;

(iii) agree to or permit any disposal or similar assignment of ownership to the Vessel unless the Bonds will be repaid according to the Mandatory Prepayment;

(iv) grant any loans, guarantees, or other financial assistance to any party, other than provided for in (a) the Senior Bank Facility and (b) guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business of the Dan Swift Group (including guarantees relating to providing performance bonds for the Vessel);

(v) engage in any transaction with any direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer unless such transaction is on bona fide arms' length terms;

(vi) make any charter agreement or financial or other arrangements concerning the Vessel and its employment which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.;

(vii) enter into any changes to the Senior Bank Facility other than such Refinancing as provided for under the definition thereof below;

(viii)

create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect other than (a) the current security under the Senior Bank Facility or (b) any lien or security arising by operation of law;

(ix) incur or permit to remain outstanding, any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) or other indebtedness or guarantee other than the Financial Indebtedness arising under (a) the Senior Bank Facility or (b) other indebtedness not exceeding USD 2 million in aggregate;

(x) create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting it from paying dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, other than permitting to subsist such contractual obligation which is not reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement;

(xi) invest or take part in any other activity than solely related to the ownership and operation of the Vessel, however so that DS Brasil may render its services to any other Group Company incorporated in Brazil, provided that

Financial Covenant(s):

13
such services are rendered pursuant to a liability cap for DS Brasil of an amount equivalent to 3 months of fees payable to DS Brasil under such agreement, and otherwise on arms length terms;
(xii) engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of its business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favorable to it, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time;
(xiii) cease to carry on its business or change the general nature of its business from that contemplated in this Term Sheet;
(xiv) make any changes or amendments to the Application of Earnings from the Dan Swift Group;
(xv) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets (including but not limited to the Vessel) or operations, unless the Bonds are redeemed in full in accordance with the Mandatory Prepayment provisions;
(xvi) enter into any de-merger, merger or other corporate restructuring; or
(xvii) allow the Vessel to operate in Cuba, Iran, Myanmar, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country or area being subject to Sanctions (as described below).
The Bond Agreement shall include other standard covenants as customary in the Norwegian or other high-yield bond market.
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants at all times:
(a) Dan Swift Coverage Ratio: The Dan Swift Coverage Ratio shall be at least 1.75:1.00 unless the amount standing on the Additional Bond Security Account is USD 60 million or higher.
(b) Value Adjusted Equity Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Value Adjusted Equity Ratio, on a consolidated basis meets or exceeds 30%.
(c) Liquidity: The Issuer (on consolidated basis) shall have free Liquidity in excess of USD 5 million.
The Financial Covenants will apply at all times and will be tested quarterly in connection with the Reporting.
Definitions:
ABSA Amount means the amount standing to the credit of the Additional Bond Security Account.

14
Dan Swift Coverage Ratio means the ratio of according to the following formula:
Equity means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's equity which is treated as equity in accordance with SFRS, as illustrated in the then most recent audited consolidated annual financial statements or the latest quarterly financial reports (as the case may be).
Excess Value means the difference (positive or negative) between the book value of the Group Vessels in the most recent consolidated Financial Statements and Group Market Value on the date of such accounts.
Group Market Value means the aggregate fair market value of the Group Vessels in USD determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of each of the Group Vessels, on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment, obtained from two (2) independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Group Vessels, appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee (such brokers as (a) are being used under the Senior Bank Facility or (b) the names listed in Appendix 1 to the Term Sheet to be considered pre-approved). Such valuation shall be made semi-annually in connection with Reporting or upon request by the Trustee. The cost of such valuation shall be for the account of the Issuer.
Group Vessels means the Vessel and any delivered Additional Unit owned (directly or indirectly) by a Group Company.
Liquidity means, at any given time, the aggregate book value of the freely available and unencumbered cash and bank deposits of the Group (on a consolidated basis) with banks having a minimum credit rating of "A" which are not blocked and all being freely available to the Issuer at any time and without any contractual obligations restricting any Group Company from paying dividends or make other distributions to the Issuer, to service any financial indebtedness of the Issuer or make any loan to the Issuer (as the case may be), if such contractual obligations imply that the funds are not freely available to the Issuer.
Market Value of the Vessel means the aggregate fair market value of the Vessel in USD determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the Vessel, on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment, obtained from two (2) independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Vessel, appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee (such brokers as (a) are being used under the Senior Bank Facility or (b) the names listed in Appendix 1 to the Term Sheet to be considered pre-approved). Such valuation shall be made at least semi-annually in connection with Reporting or upon request by the Trustee. The cost of such valuation shall be for the account of the Issuer.

15

Net Senior Bank Facility Amount mens the principal amount outstanding under the Senior Bank Facility, less any cash amounts (including bank account deposits) pledged as security for the lenders of the Senior Bank Facility.

Outstanding Bonds means the total amount outstanding under the Bond Issue.

SFRS means Singapore Financial Reporting Standards.

Total Assets means aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total assets in accordance with SFRS, as illustrated in the then most recent audited consolidated annual financial statements or the latest quarterly financial reports (as the case may be).

Value Adjusted Equity Ratio means the ratio of Value Adjusted Equity to Value Adjusted Total Assets.

Value Adjusted Total Equity means the Equity adjusted for Excess Value.

Value Adjusted Total Assets means the Total Assets adjusted for Excess Value.

Senior Bank Facility: Means

(i) The first priority bank facilities at the date of this Term Sheet totalling approximately USD 119 million with DS Singapore as the borrower and KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH Frankfurt am Main and BNP Paribas S.A. as lenders as being governed by a loan agreement dated 9 June 2009 (with Addendums No 1-4) secured on first priority basis a.o. in the Vessel as further described in the Offering Memorandum (the "KfW Facility"), or

(ii) Any restructuring, refinancing or amendment of the KfW Facility (the "Refinancing") subject to such Refinancing meeting all of the following criteria; (a) no increase of the principal amount being outstanding under the KfW Facility at the time of such Refinancing, (b) no changes to the amortization profile under the KfW Facility as per the date of this Term Sheet, (c) no change in interest or fees which more than reflects an improved cash flow for the Vessel compared to the cash flow from the Petrobras Contract, (d) is based on market terms at the time of such Refinancing and otherwise on terms which are not materially more onerous compared to the KfW Facility, (e) create no additional security or guarantees permitted compared to those permitted under the KfW Facility and (f) is not likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Permitted Financial Support:

The Issuer is entitled to provide guarantees in relation to any Permitted Secured Debt Facility, including any secured debt under any hedging arrangements included in such Permitted Secured Debt Facility as described above.

Hitec Vision:

Means the Norwegian Private Equity fund Hitec Vision.

J. Lauritzen A/S:

Means the Danish shipping company named J. Lauritzen A/S.

HI VI Invest Sierra Means the fund named HI VI Invest Sierra Limited being 100% owned and

Limited:

controlled by Hitec Vision.

16

Vessel Covenants:

Standard covenants related to the Vessel including but not limited to: (i) maintenance of insurances (see below), (ii) no sale of Vessel without redemption of the Bond Issue (see Mandatory Prepayment), (iii) maintenance of class, (iv) Vessel to be kept in a good and safe condition and repair consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards, and (v) operation in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

Change of flag:

The Vessel may reflag to any generally recognized first class flag state, provided that such reflagging does not have a Material Adverse Effect and is consented to by the providers of the Senior Bank Facility.

Maintenance of Insurances:

The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of insurances of the Vessel and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, hereunder to retain the Vessel in class. During operation of the Vessel, the Issuer shall ensure that the Charterer runs proper maintenance of the Vessel according to planned maintenance system.

The Vessel shall also be adequately insured (including war risk) against Hull & Machinery risks for at least 120% of the aggregate of the Net Senior Bank Facility Amount and the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents (less the ABSA Amount), a third party liability insurance as per industry standards, mortgagee interest insurance, expropriation risk and any additional insurance required under any law.

The insurances shall be in accordance with the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan or other insurances with no less favorable terms.

Sanctions: Ownership Clause:

Means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Departments of State or Commerce or any other US government authority, including under the Iran Sanctions Act as amended by the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability and Divestment Act of 2010, or by the United Nations Security Council ("UNSC"), the European Union ("EU"), Her Majesty's Treasury ("HMT") or Norwegian or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, "Sanctions").
HV VI Invest Sierra Limited (or any wholly owned subsidiary thereof) to own and control minimum 50.00% of the outstanding shares of the Issuer.

Change of Control:

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring or a breach of the Ownership Clause, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (Put Option) of the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 days following the notice of a Change of Control Event.

Change of Control Event:

Change of Control Event means any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3), save for HI VI Invest Sierra Limited (or any wholly owned subsidiary thereof), becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50.0% of the outstanding shares of the Issuer.

Mandatory Prepayment:

Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring, the Issuer shall (a) in the case of Mandatory Prepayment Event (i) or (ii), no later than upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale or disposal, or (b) in the case of Mandatory Prepayment Event (iii) or (iv), not later than 30 days following such relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event

Total Loss Event: Total Loss Prepayment:
Mandatory Prepayment Event:
Event of Default:
Material Adverse Effect: Financial

17
(in each case unless there is an Event of Default in which case it will be promptly), redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at a price according to the Call Options.
For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid redemption prices shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date of prepayment.
If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Mandatory Prepayment provision, the entire amount on the Escrow Account and Issuer's Accounts or any of the insurance proceeds may be used as part payment in relation to the Mandatory Prepayment.
Upon the occurrence of several Mandatory Prepayment Events, the Issuer shall only be obliged to pay one redemption amount.
An actual or constructive total loss of the Vessel.
Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly once insurance proceeds are available, but in any event no later than ninety (90) days following the Total Loss Event, redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Total Loss Prepayment provision, the entire amount on the Escrow Account and Issuer's Accounts or any of the insurance proceeds may be used as part payment in relation to the Total Loss Prepayment.
Except if it constitutes a Total Loss Event:
(i) the Vessel is sold or disposed of;
(ii) any of the Issuer's shares in DS Singapore is sold or disposed of;
(iii) the Petrobras Charter is terminated before ordinary expiry and the Group is not able to secure a new charter contract within 60 Business Days; or
(iv) expropriation or hijack of the Vessel (to the extent not a Total Loss Event).
The Bond Agreement shall include standard remedy and event of default provisions, including remedy periods and cross default provisions against the Issuer with a threshold of USD 5,000,000. The Finance Documents will contain waterfall provisions in case of partial payments i.e. first to cover costs, fees and expenses of the Trustee (the "Trustee Expenses") and thereafter any other outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents. In case the Issuer does not pay the Trustee for incurred fees, then the Trustee may seek funding of the Trustee Expenses from the Bondholders, or failing them, other sources, in which case such other sources will be subrogated into the position of the Trustee, but subordinate to any further Trustee expenses.
A material adverse effect on: (i) financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Dan Swift Group, (ii) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents or (iii) the validity or enforceability of any Finance Document.
Any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

Indebtedness:

18
(i) moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility);
(ii) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;
(iii) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with SFRS, be treated as a finance or capital lease;
(iv) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a nonrecourse basis);
(v) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under SFRS;
(vi) any liability under a deferred purchase agreement where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;
(vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the marked-to-market value shall be taken into account);
(viii) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, (including any forward sale or purchase agreement); or
(ix) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of any underlying liability; and (without double counting), any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to above.

Finance Documents: Collectively,

(i) the Bond Agreement;

(ii) the Security Documents;

(iii) the Trustee's fee letter; and

(iv) any other document the Issuer and the Trustee agree to be a Finance Document.

Offering Memorandum:

The offering memorandum dated 4 December 2013 in relation to the Bond Issue.

Approvals:

The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer's board approval dated October 11 2013.

19

Issuer's Ownership The Issuer may acquire and own Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion

of the Bonds:

be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Arranger:

Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gate 3, NO-0115 OSLO, Norway, and Pareto Securities Pte. Ltd., 16 Collyer Quay, #27-02, Singapore 049318.

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, NO-0116 Oslo.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction:

Norwegian law and exclusive jurisdiction of Norwegian courts (at the competent legal venue of the Trustee) for the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, provided that the governing law for the Security Documents will be the appropriate local jurisdiction.

Registration:

The Bonds will be registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the Bondholders through VPS.

Paying Agent:

DNB Bank ASA.

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable law). Any tax deduction and withholding tax shall be subject to standard gross-up and call provisions.

Bond Agreement:

The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the Bondholders' representative, and it shall be based on Norwegian standard. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy occurs between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.

The subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee finalize the Bond Agreement and the Finance Documents. Although minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur, and the final Bond Agreements must be in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bondholders, the provisions in the Bond Agreement will be substantially consistent with those set forth in this Term Sheet.

The application form specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective Bondholders, who will execute and deliver such application form prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become bound by the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specify that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become bound by the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered by VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.

20

The Arranger has appointed Wiersholm as its external counsel to draft and/or review the Finance Documents, and has or may also appoint external counsel in the relevant jurisdictions of the Finance Documents as appropriate. Upon appointment by the Trustee, such external counsel will be acting upon instruction of the Trustee.

Stock Exchange Listing:

An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on Nordic ABM.

Market Making:

No market-maker agreement has been made for this Bond Issue.

Eligible Purchasers:

The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the application form that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bond Agreement will contain customary terms and provisions for a U.S. Rule 144A or Regulation S placement. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

Transfer Restrictions:

The Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged, subject to the following:
(i) the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense; and

(ii) notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under the Bond Agreement.

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Stock Exchange, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

Singapore/Oslo, 9 December 2013

21
Axis Offshore Pte. Ltd. As Issuer
Pareto Securities AS/ Pareto Securities Pte. Ltd. As Arranger

22
Appendix 1
Pre-approved broker:
 Fearnleys  RS Platou  UNO Offshore  Pareto  Stewart Group  Kennedy Marr  Seabrokers  SSY  Clarksons  Braemar Seascope  Lorentzen & Stemoco

