ISINNO 001 029501.7
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Venture Drilling AS (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA on behalf of Bondholders in bond issue
12 per cent Venture Drilling AS Callable Bond Issue 2005/2010

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

4

3 Listing

5

4 Registration in a SecuritiesDepository

5

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

5

6. Conditions Precedent

6

7 Representations and Warranties

7

8 Status of the Loan and negative pledge

7

9 Interest

7

10 Maturity of the Loan

8

11 Interest in the event of late payment

8

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

10

13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan

10

14 Fees and expenses

11

15 Events of Default

12

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

13

17 Procedural rules

15

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

17

19 Change of Bondholder's representative

15

20 Limitation

18

2 1 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18

2

%T

Norsk TillitsmannASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 7 December 2005 between Venture Drilling AS (CompanyNo 988 786 748) as Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as Loan Trustee.
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:

any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo.

Bondholders:

the holders of the bonds.

Borrower's Bonds:

bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower

Disbursement Date:

9 December 2005.

Exchange:

securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.

Interest Payment Date:

10 September each year.

NOK:

means the lawful currency of the Kingdom ofNorway.

Outstanding Loan:

Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Payment Date:

in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal. If Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day.

Drilling Equipment:

Equipment owned by the Borrower, to be installed on the vessel Valentin Shashin, in the amount of USD 45 mill.

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirregisteret ("VPS")

Securities Depository act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository

Shares:

means the shares of the Borrower, being at the date of this agreement 50 000 000 ordinary shares, each with a nominal value ofNOK 1, representing, in aggregate, one hundred per cent (100.00%) of the issued share capital of the Borrower, or as amended from time to time.

Subsidiaries:

means the all of the subsidiaries of the Borrower (direct or indirect).

USD:

means the lawful currency of the United States of America.

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of bonds at an amount of USD 40,000,000 (US dollar forty million), herein referred to as "the Loan" .
The bonds will be in denominations of USD 100,000 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "12 % Venture Drilling AS Callable Bond Issue 2005/2010".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be: NO 001 029501.7.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to 10 September 2010.
The net proceeds of the Loan will be employed for the general financing of the Borrower.

4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3 Listing
3.1 The Loan will not be listed. An application may be made for the Loan to be listed during the term of the loan at the discretion of the Borrower.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository, The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders'interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as `Bondholder'srepresentative, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder'srepresentative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower`sfinancial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
6. Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at the latest on the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly signed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the bonds (including
necessary resolution of the General Meeting) and sign the Loan Agreement,
(c) certified copies ofthe Articles of Association of the Borrower and documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(d) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement,!,a. - confirmationthatthe subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian Law,
(e) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(f) written Confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(g) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly signed,
(h) two third-party advisors confirming the value of the Drilling Equipment,,
(i) statement from the Board of Directors confirming the value of the Drilling
Equipment,
(j) audit confirmation on the contribution in kind of USD 30 million, and
(k) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan.
6.2 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to the above.
6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the Loan will be made available to the Borrower at the Disbursement Date.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
7 Representations and Warranties 7.1 The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) all documents and information, including the term sheet and loan description in connection with this Loan presents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower which could have a material adverse change on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Loan Agreement,
(b) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid and
(c) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan
8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other senior debt of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including Disbursement Date at a fixed rate of 12 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made in arrears on 10 September each year, the first Interest Payment Date 10 September 2006.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless a) the last day of the period is the 3 1st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
10 Maturity of the Loan and Call Option
10.1 The Loan shall from and includingthe Interest Payment Date in September 2007 run with annual installments of USD 10000 000 at each Interest Payment Date. Installments shall be carried out by drawing lots between the Bonds.
10.2 The Borrower may redeem the Remaining Loan or any portion of the Remaining Loan on the Interest Payment Date in (i) September 2007 at a price equal to 109 per cent of nominal value, (ii) September 2008 at a price equal to 106per cent of nominal value, and (iii) September 2009 at a price equal to 103 per cent of nominal value ("Call Option").
Should the Borrower exercise the Call Option, the Bondholders must be informed of this in writing via VPS no later than 30 - thirty - Banking days before the date of redemption. If the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall immediately be informed.
Partial redemption shall be carried out by drawing lots between the Bonds.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be used for redemption of the Remaining Loan.
11 Terms and conditions in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that any payment obligation under this Loan Agreement is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the relevant Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5,00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned in Clause 11.1 until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2- 15.4.
11.3 If the Borrower fails to pay on a Payment Date any of its payment obligations due and payable under this Loan Agreement, (a) the Borrower shall immediately in writing notify the Loan Trustee, the Bondholders and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange and give an account of this event, and (b) provided that this is not remedied within 4 - four - weeks, the Bondholders may convert all of their holdings of bonds including due unpaid interest according to Clause 9 to Shares at a conversion price equal to the Conversion Price, always provided that a grace period of another 4 - four - weeks shall be granted if the Board of Directors of the Borrower can document (satisfactory to the Loan Trustee) that a sufficient refinancing of the Borrower is likely within four weeks.
8

Norsk TillitsmannASA
"Conversion Price" shall mean the conversion price, which involve, provided that the Outstanding Loan being converted to Shares, the Bondholders (post conversion) having 95 per cent of the Shares. Furthermore, the Conversion Price shall be converted to USD based on the exchange rate on the relevant conversion date. The exchange rate shall be based on the latest available official reference rates provided by the European Central Bank. When determining the conversionprice in USD, the exchange rate NOK/USD shall never be higher than NOK 20 for 1USD.
The conversion matter in (b) above shall be proposed on a Bondholders'meeting, which shall be summond and held in accordance with the provisions in the Loan Agreement, (such meeting to be held at the latest at the end of the first four week period referred to above or (if applicable) the second four week period referred to above).
Should the Bondholders exercise conversion of Shares, the conversion date (being the date for issuance of shares) shall be 10- ten - Banking Days after the relevant Bondholders'meeting (the "Conversion Date").
In an event of conversion, the Loan Trustee has been authorised by the Bondholders to subscribe for shares necessary to accomplish the conversion.
The Borrower is upon conversion of Shares responsible for ensuring that: (a) necessary approvals to increase the share capital of the Borrower exist, (b) the share capital increase is registered in the Company Register (Foretaksregisteret)
as soon as possible, and (c) shares issued upon conversion are registered in the Securities Depository on the
Conversion Date.
If the share capital increase is not registered in the Company Register at the Conversion Date, the Borrower shall ensure that the shares following the conversion shall be temporally registered in the SecuritiesDepository (temporally ISIN).
Subjectto the time limits set out above, with reference to late payment of obligations due and payable under this Loan Agreement, the provisions in this clause have no limitation on the Loan Trustee's or the Bondholders'right to alternatively declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment.

9

JA

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower'sBonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower'sdiscretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) ensure that quarterly financial statements are prepared no later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter and in accordance with Norwegian GAAP, and of his own accord send to the Loan Trustee the relevant financial statements and accompanying reports as soon as they are available,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors'notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) together with the financial statements mention in (b) above, deliver to the Loan Trustee a compliance certificate confirming fulfilments of the provisions in Clause 13,
(f) procure that the neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries shall mortgage, pledge or otherwise establish security for any of the Borrower's or the Subsidiaries' (as the case may be) current or future loan or guarantee commitments, except in its ordinary course of business (i.e. to provide normal vendors line on delivery of goods and normal service on credit),
(g) procure that none of the Subsidiariesraises new equity or enter into agreements which contain any dividend restrictions,
(h) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(i) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower'sfinancial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request, and
(j) only issue shares if such shares are in equivalent form to the Shares already in issue and are subject to the conversion mechanism described in 11.3.
10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
13.2 The Borrower shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting subject to Clause 16:
(a) procure that none of the Subsidiaries shall, cease to carry on its business,
(b) procure that none of the Subsidiaries shall, sell, swap or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or assets or change the nature of its business, in a manner which mightjeopardize the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(c) procure that none of the Subsidiaries shall, raise any new debt or financial obligations, except in its ordinary course of business (i.a. supplier credit and tax postponement),
(d) pay dividend (either in cash or in kind) to its shareholders if the Borrowers cash position (i.e. cash and non-restrictedbank deposits) is less than 50 per cent of the Borrowers loan balance (i.e. interest bearing and non-interest bearing debt and other financial indebtedness with the commercial effect of borrowing) post dividend payments,
(e) pay dividend (either in cash or in kind) to its shareholders, or purchase its own shares as long as the Borrower has not made full payment of obligations due and payable under this Loan Agreement (however so that the Borrower may nevertheless pay dividend following conversion as mentioned in Clause 11.3),
(f) procure that none of the Subsidiaries shall, make any changes to the key financial terms of the bareboat hire agreement for the vessel Valentin Shashin with respect to the main period (the first five years) that is likely to have a negative effect on the Borrower andjeopardize the Borrower's fulfillment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement; such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, or
(g) procure that none of the Subsidiaries shall, make any arrangements concerning the Drilling Equipment, or such new equipment which may be acquired, which may jeopardize the Borrower's fulfillment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
11

Norsk TillitsmannASA
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay on the Interest Payment Date any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Loan Agreement subject to the time limit set out in Clause 11.3,
(b) the Borrower fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under The Loan Agreement, and if such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee (for the sake of clarity; a lack of notice shall not imply that the Borrower is not in breach when he himself should have discovered the breach of covenant),
(c) any other loan or indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, the Borrower exceeding a total of USD 1million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies - is or could be declared due prior to its agreed maturity caused by an event of default by the Borrower, provided the relevant creditor is successful with respect to a court proceeding or similar acceleration action against the Borrower,
(d) the Borrower shall enter into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place, or a substantial part of the Borrower's assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
(e) the Borrower has presented the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders with incorrect or incomplete information, which has, or can have significant consequences for the Borrower's obligations, and ability to comply with such, in accordance with the Loan Agreement, or
(f) a situation occurs where after the Loan Trustee, after consultations with the Borrower, concludes in good faith that it is evident that the Borrower will not be able to fulfil its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) The Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholdersrepresenting at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets,
13
$3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 d), provided that:
(a) the changes in the Borrower's corporate structure are not, in thejudgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment ofthe Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment ofthe Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment ofthe Loan Trustee, ofminor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.

14

Si

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneouslywith the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.

15

bj

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholderspresent - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders,the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting bonds,
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clausel8.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/10 or more of the Outstanding Loan, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
16

Norsk TillitsmannASA
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral,
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(e) conversion of bonds to Shares according to Clause 11.3.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
17

Norsk TillitsmannASA
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation 20.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act
relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979nr. 18.
21 Dispute resolution and legal venue 2 1.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not
resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts. 2 1.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
Oslo/Kristiansand 7 December 2005
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee
The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.
18

