Execution Version
ISFN: NO 001059802.2
Amendment Agreement NO 3 to
the Bond Agreement between NBT AS ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of ihe bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 14 per cent NBT AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013

This Amendment AgreemenlNO 3 (the "Agreement") is dated on 13 September 2012 and made between:
(1) NBT AS (a company incorporated in Norway with Company NO 987 (146 977) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway v/ith Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

WHEREAS:
(A) Reference is made to the bond agreement for "14 per cent NBT AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013" (ISIN 001059802.2), originally dated 29 December 2010, as amended by a first amendment agreement dated 3 January 2012 and a second amendment agreement dated on or about the date of this Agreement (the "Bond Agreement").
(B) The Issuer and the Bondholders have agreed to amend the Bond Agreement so that the Issuer shall provide secuiity in its shares in NBT Renewable Energy Singapore Ptc. Ltd. ("Share Charge") as security for its obligations under the Bond Agreement. The Share Charge will be on standard terms, including letters of resignation from board members, and governed by Singapore law.
(C) The Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) is authorised to enter into this Agreement and to carry out any necessary completion work.
(D) The Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Issuer has now agreed to amend the Bond Agreement on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement.
IT IS AGREED as follows:
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERFPRETATION
1.1 Definitions In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
"Effective Date" means the date when the Bond Trustee has confirmed hy letter to the Issuer (Appendix 1) that the conditions set out In Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) o f this Agreement are fulfilled or, where applicable, waived, and represents the date when the amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence.

1.2 Incorporation of defined terms In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

a term defined in Clause 1.1 (.Definitions) of the Bond Agreement has the same meaning

when used in this Agreement; and

2
UK CL-

(b) the principles of construction set out in Clause I 2 (Construction) of the Bond Agreement shall have the effect as if set out in this Agreement.

2. REPRESENTATIONS
The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7 .1 undei Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a)

on the date of this Agreement; and

(b) on the Effective Date.

3. AMENDMENT
3.1 Amendment The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) A new sub-clause (iv) shall be added to the definition of "Share Pledges" in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) and shall read as follows:
"100 % o f the shares in NBT Renewable Energy Singapore Pte. Ltd. (owned by the Issuer and subject to a carve-out allowing a dilution o f 20 per cent o f (he shares by way o f a private placement to certain shareholders in Zeni Wind Power (Pvt) Limited so that the ownership o f the Issuer is reduced to 80 %)). "
(ii) A new sub-clause (iii) of Clause 13.3 (e) (Material Subsidiaries and NBT Renewable Energy Singapore Pte. Ltd.) shall be added and shall read as follows:
"The Issuer shall maintain an ownership over shares, and control over all o f the voting rights, o fNBT Renewable Energy Singapore Pte. Ltd. at least equal to the ownerships specified in the definition o f "Share Pledges ".

3.2 Continuing obligations
I he provisions of the Bond Agreement shall, save as amended and restated by this Agreement and/or as temporarily waived by the Bondholders by resolution in the Bondholders' meeting dated 12 July 2012 (as the case may be), continue in full force and effect. References to the Bond Agreement in any other document shall from the Effective Date be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.

4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
(a) The obligation of the Bond Trustee to accept that the Bond Agreement is amended in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is conditional upon the Bond Trustee having received in form and substance satisfactory to it:

3
Vh- a .

(i) this Agreement duly executed by all parlies hereto, (ii) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute this Agreement, (ili) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of this
Agreement, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the indivinuals authorised to sign on behalf o f the Issuer. (iv) the share pledge over NBT Renewable Energy Singapore Pte. Ltd. duly executed perfected ar.d enforceable; and (v) legal opinion(s) required by the Bond Trustee. (b) When the conditions set out above are met in a manner satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, the Bond 1rustce shall inform the Issuer in writing of the Effective Date.
5. MISCELLANEOUS 5.1 Incorporation of terms
The provisions Clause 18.7 {Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Agreement" are also references to this Agreement.
5.2 Additional Finance Document This Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Bond Agreement. Each party to this Agreement acknowledge and agree that, with effect from the Effective Date, each reference in any Finance Document to the Bond Agreement shall be construed as a reference also to this Agreement. References to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.
6. GOVERNING LAW This Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law.
This Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

APPENDIX 1
To: NET AS Date:
ISIN NO 001059802.2 - AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO 2 EFFECTIVE DATE NOTICE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA confirms that the conditions set out in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) of this Agreement are fulfilled or, where applicable, waived, and represents the date when the amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence on [date], and that this is the Effective Date. Best regards, NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA [Name]

