NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne m elding til obligasjonseiem e er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. F o r informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
To the Bondholders in: ISIN N0001059802.2 - 14 per cent NBT AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013 (the "Bond Issue")
Oslo, 12 March 2014
Letter from bondholders regarding the Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as bond trustee for the abovementioned Bond Issue, which is documented in the bond agreement dated 29 December 2010, as later amended, (the "Bond Agreement") where NBT AS is the issuer of the Bonds (the "Issuer"). Please see attached a letter received from certain bondholders related to the Summons to Bondholders' Meeting dated 12 March 2014.

Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Fredrik Lundberg

Enclosed:

Letter from bondholders

1 (1)
POBox 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9 4 10 | www.trustee.no

Norsk Tillitsmann
Att: Fredrik Lundberg
Sent by e-mail
Oslo, 12 March 2014
NBT AS - ISIN N00010598022 - 14 per cent NBT AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue (the "Bond Loan").
Information in this letter to Bondholders (the "Bondholder Letter") is provided by Bondholders representing more than 10% of the Outstanding Bonds (the "Minority Bondholders"). The Minority Bondholders have not given acceptance to any amendments made in the Bond Loan from December 2013 to date.
The summons to bondholders' meeting dated 10 February 2014 clearly state that the Issuer were to raise NOK 100-125m in net proceeds with a syndicate underwriting minimum NOK 100m through the acquisition of, and subsequent exercise of outstanding warrants. The warrants were to be exercised on 24 February 2014 at 4pm. The Minority Bondholders note that there seem to be an intention from the Issuer to use the proceeds for other purposes than what reads in the Bond Loan, however repayment of debt (i.e. short term loans to the Issuer's CEO Joar Viken) is one of the uses.
The Minority Bondholders thereby made a notification to the Trustee on 25 February 2014 that the Issuer had triggered a mandatory redemption event according to the Bond Loan's clause 10.5 "Mandatory Redemption in the event of exercise of warrants".
The redemption of the Bond Loan is also supported by a proper treatment of creditors, especially in a situation as with the Issuer.
The restructuring of the Bond Loan through the bondholder meeting on 24 February 2014 does not represent a proper treatment of the capital structure as the amended Bond Loan will give weaker covenants and worse terms for Bondholders, but furthermore; the subordinated NOK 125m convertible bond (ISIN: N00010659873) is unaffected, and several short term loans (most of them provided by the Issuer's CEO Joar Viken) are repaid from the proceeds in the warrant exercise.
With regards to the repayment of the short term loans, the Minority Bondholders would like to highlight that a group of requesting bondholders on 18 December 2013 summoned for a bondholders' meeting to declare the Bond Loan in default, amongst others on the basis that several subordinated loans to the Issuer's CEO Joar Viken had been repaid, and that there were reasons to believe that more similar loans were to be repaid. In a letter to the requesting bondholders received 6 January 2014, the Issuer responded: The requesting bondholders argue that there is a risk that loans given by the NBT CEO Joar

Viken will be repaid. This allegation is unsubstantiated and is incorrect. In September 2012 a short term loan from Joar Viken ofNOK 11.9 million was repaid. The repayment was made under the agreement that if the company needed capital, Joar Viken should give the company additional loans that at least corresponded to the repaid amount. Subsequent to the repayment of the NOK 11.9 million Joar Viken has lent a total of NOK 40.25 million of which a total of NOK 13.5 million has been converted to equity. Further, the loans are subordinated to the 2010/2013 bond loan. This clear answer leaves no doubt that the use of any future capital raise should be applied for the repayment of the Bond Loan before such subordinated loans.
The Minority Bondholders would like to address to the Board of the Issuer that the restructuring is treating subordinated creditors over senior creditors and at the same time stating that additional capital will be required to meet the Bond Loan repayment obligations at maturity. In that context, the Minority Bondholders encourage the Bondholders pre-accepting a deletion of clause 10.5 to reconsider whether to withdraw the acceptance, and thereby uphold clause 10.5.
Alternatively, given that there is a majority group of Bondholders that have accepted the restructuring plan and pre-accepted ("Accepting Bondholders") the deletion of clause 10.5, there seem to be some support. In that context, the Minority Bondholders would like to propose an alternative offer that is more beneficial for all relevant parties:
Alternative Proposal: The short term loans should in full be extended to 30 June 2015 with a PIK interest, and alternatively use such proceeds to buy back the Minority Bondholders at par. The short term loans have a coupon rate lower than the Bond Loan and as such will provide less refinancing risk whereas a more proper capital structure treatment is applied. The Accepting Bondholders will also have a stronger security position as the Bond Loan is reduced.
The Minority Bondholders have since the notification on clause 10.5 tried to coordinate with the Issuer such that our view and proposal was included in the summons for the bondholder meeting. The Issuer today decided not include it, hence this separate letter. The Minority Bondholders reserves the right to summon for a separate bondholders' meeting on the Alternative Proposal in due course.
Notwithstanding of the above, we request the Issuer to hold a meeting for Bondholders to (i) present the business case going forward (operational and financial), (ii) how the Issuer foresee to create value to repay its debt obligation and/or future funding plans, (iii) present the rational for the restructuring that has been executed and (IV) give their recommendation to our alternative offer that seem to fulfill all relevant parties interest. The Minority Bondholders also request the subordinated convertible bondholders to attend such information meeting to share our views from a creditor perspective. The Minority Bondholders expect the Issuer to hold such information meeting at latest on this scheduled Bondholder Meeting.

