ISIN NO 001 070867.0
AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT to
BOND AGREEMENT BETWEEN
SIEM OFFSHORE INC. (the "Issuer")
and NORDIC TRUSTEE AS
("Bond Trustee") on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
FRN Siem Offshore Inc. Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2014/2019

1/7

THIS AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") to the bond agreement for FRN Siem Offshore Inc. Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2014/2019 dated 26 March 2014 and amended and restated on 28 June 2017 (the "Bond Agreement") is made on 3 May 2018 by and between:

(1)

SIEM OFFSHORE INC. (an exempted company existing under the laws of the Cayman

Islands, having its registered office at PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman KYI-

1104, Cayman Islands) as the issuer (the "Issuer"); and

(2)

NORDIC TRUSTEE AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624), as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee"),

(the parties referred to above are jointly referred to herein as the "P arties").

WHEREAS:
The Parties have agreed to make certain amendments to the Bond Agreement to implement the resolutions adopted at the Bondholders' Meeting held on 19 March 2018.

IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

1

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

Words and expressions used herein shall have the same meaning when used herein as set out in the Bond Agreement unless expressly set out herein or the context otherwise requires.

"Effective Date" means the date of this Agreement.

2

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF THE BOND AGREEMENT

2.1 The Parties agree that on and with effect from the Effective Date the Bond Agreement be amended and restated as set out in the form attached in Schedule 2 hereto (the "Amended and Restated Bond Agreement").

2.2 The provisions in the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall, save as amended and restated by this Agreement, continue in full force and effect.

2.3 References to the Bond Agreement shall be construed as references to the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement from the Effective Date.

3

REPRESENTATIONS

The provisions of clause 7 of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Agreement" are references to this Agreement.

5 COSTS AND EXPENSES
The Issuer agrees to reimburse the Bond Trustee all reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with the drafting, negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.
6 MISCELLANEOUS

2/7
(a) This Agreement is a Finance Document. (b) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same effect
as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Agreement. (c) The provisions of Clause 21.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement
(as amended and restated) shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Agreement.
[Signatures are on the next page.]

3/7

SIGNATORIES

Siem Offshore Inc.
Issuer

Nordic Trustee AS
Bond Trustee

' N a m Lit
Title: ^ p Q

Name: Title:

Siem Offshore Inc. Issuer
Name: Title:

SIGNATORIES

Nordic Trustee AS Bond Trustee

Name: Title:

Fredrik Lun

4/7
SCHEDULE 1
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
1. this Agreement, duly executed by all parties hereto; 2. the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 17.2 of the Bond Agreement, duly
executed; 3. certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to execute this
Agreement and the Bond Trustee fee agreement; 4. a power of attorney from the Issuer in favour of relevant individuals for their execution of
this Agreement, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute this Agreement and the Bond Trustee fee agreement on behalf o f the Issuer; 5. certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association o f the Issuer; 6. All costs and fees incurred by the Trustee having been paid in full 7. A legal opinion satisfactory to the Trustee.

5/7
SCHEDULE 2 FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT

ISIN NO 001 0708670
Amended and Restated BOND AGREEMENT
between Siem Offshore Inc.
(Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee AS (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
Siem Offshore Inc. Senior Unsecured Convertible Bond Issue 2018/2023
1

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION 11 PAYMENTS 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLANEOUS

Nordic Trustee AS

This agreement has been entered into on 26 March 2014 (and amended and restated on 28 June 2017 and on 3 May 2018) between

(1) Siem Offshore Inc., a company existing under the laws of the Cayman Islands, having its registered office at P O Box 309 Ugland House, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands with business registration number MC-140468, as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2) Nordic Trustee AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 21.2.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 19.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Bonus Issue" means an issue of new shares to shareholders as bonus shares in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, no adjustment will be made to the Interest Period.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means:

3

Nordic Trustee AS
(a) an event where Siem Affiliates cease to control or own, directly or indirectly, more than 20 per cent. of the outstanding Shares and/or voting capital of the Issuer; or
(b) any group or person (other than Siem Affiliate) gains control, directly or indirectly, over more than 50% of the Shares and/or voting capital of the Issuer.
"Conversion Period" means the entire term of the Bonds, subject to the Conversion Right has been exercised within the Exercise Period.
"Conversion Price" means NOK 3.00, subject to adjustments as provided in Clauses 14 and 15.
"Conversion Right" means the right of each Bondholder to convert each Bond at the Conversion Price into Shares of the Issuer, subject to Clauses 13, 14 and 15.
"Dealing Day" means a day on which the Market Place is open for business, (other than a day on which the Market Place is scheduled to or does close prior to its regular weekday closing time).
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.1
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 18.1.
"Exchange" means
(a) Oslo Børs; or
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC) or the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II), as applicable.
"Exercise Period" means the period commencing on the Disbursement Date and ending on the tenth (10) Business Day prior to the Maturity Date (both days inclusive) during which the Conversion Rights may be exercised.
4

Nordic Trustee AS
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 17.2, and (iii) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"GAAP" means the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and its (directly or indirectly owned) Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period, the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity Date.
5

Nordic Trustee AS
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, the period between 4 May, 4 August, 4 November and 4 February each year, provided that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
"Interest Rate" means 2.75 percentage points per annum.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 4 May 2018.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue, being Arctic Securities AS.
"M arket Place" means a recognized stock exchange or regulated market providing material trading activity and liquidity for the Shares, always including Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange) and Oslo Axess, while always excluding OTC trading or other trades via similar dealer networks.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the Issuer's ability of the Issuer to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Bond Agreement; or
(b) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement.
"Material Subsidiary" means:
(i) any Subsidiary whose total assets represent at least 10% of the total consolidated assets of the Group; or
(ii) any Subsidiary whose total operating income represent at least 10% of the total consolidated operating income of the Group; or
(iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantial all of the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary, or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had a transfer occurred on or before the relevant date;
always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20% of operating income, gross assets or net assets of the Group.
"Maturity Date" means 4 November 2023.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
6

Nordic Trustee AS
"Original Issue Date" means 28 March 2014. "Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. "Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees). "Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds. "Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement. "Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December. "Shares" means common shares in the capital of the Issuer, with ISIN KYG813131011. "Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway. "Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. "Share Settlement Option" means the share settlement option of the Issuer set out in Clause 10.4. "Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee. "Siem Affiliate" means
(i) Siem Industries Inc. (ii) any company or legal entity over which Siem Industries Inc. has Decisive
Influence; and (iii) any fund or other entity managed by any person listed in (i)-(ii) above. "Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence. "Tap Issue" means subsequent issues after the Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2. "US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America. "Valuation Date" means the date three (3) Dealing Days prior to the Maturity Date.
7

Nordic Trustee AS

"Volume Weighted Average Price" means the volume-weighted average price of a Share on the Market Place on any Dealing Day, provided that if on any such Dealing Day where such price is not available or cannot otherwise be determined as provided above, the Volume Weighted Average Price shall be the Volume Weighted Average Price, determined as provided above, on the immediately preceding Dealing Day on which the same can be so determined.

"Voting Bonds" means the aggregate Face Value of Outstanding Bonds less the Face Value of Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one of those Bonds, provided that any requirement in this Bond Agreement referring to some or all of the Voting Bonds shall be construed as a reference to their respective aggregate Face Value calculated into NOK, with the effect that Bondholders holding bonds in the USD tranche shall have a number of votes for each Voting Bond owned equal to the value in NOK of such voting Bond converted at the Prevailing Rate, for both tranches based on the number of voting Bonds owned at close of business on the Business Day preceding the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the securities register.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f this Bond Agreement
2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond

8

Nordic Trustee AS

Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 21.1.
2.1.2 This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.
2.2 The Bonds
2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue Bonds in the amount of up to NOK 1,040,000,000.
The Face Value of the Bonds is NOK 1.
The minimum permissible investment in the Bonds is NOK 1, and integral multiples thereof.
The Bond Issue will be described as Siem Offshore Inc. Senior Unsecured Convertible Bond Issue 2018/2023.
The ISIN of the Bonds will be NO 001 0708670.
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Original Issue Date to the Maturity Date.
2.2.2 The Bond Issue is a Tap Issue, under which one subsequent issue of Bonds may take place on or after the Issue Date (only upon an exchange of bonds in ISIN NO 001 067044.1 - FRN Siem Offshore Inc. Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2013/2018 for Bonds) up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.1.
The rights and obligations of all parties to the Bond Agreement also apply to any Tap Issue. The Bond Trustee will on the issuing of a Tap Issue make an addendum to the Bond Agreement regulating the conditions for such Tap Issue.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be used for general corporate purposes.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for a listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs.

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

9

Nordic Trustee AS

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(e) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);
(f) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

10

Nordic Trustee AS

(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(i) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 17.2, duly executed;

(j)

copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or

made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond

Issue;

(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents).

6.2 The Bond Trustee may in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.

6.3 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.4 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

6.5 The Issuer may issue a Tap Issue in accordance with Clause 2.2.2 provided that (i) the amount of the aggregate of (a) the Outstanding Bonds prior to such Tap Issue and (b) the requested amount for such Tap Issue shall not exceed the maximum issue amount as set out in the first paragraph of Clause 2.2.1 (ii) no Event of Default occurs or would occur as a result of the making of such Tap Issue, (iii) the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee, c.f. Clause 6.1 are still valid, (iv) the representations and warranties contained in this Bond Agreement being true and correct and repeated by the Issuer, and (v) that such Tap Issue is in compliance with laws and regulations as of the time of such issue.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:
(a) Status
It is an exempted company with limited liability, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

11

Nordic Trustee AS

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

(e) No Event o fDefault
(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)

Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and

(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

12

Nordic Trustee AS

(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(k) No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l)

Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 The Bonds are unsecured.

13

Nordic Trustee AS

9

Interest

9.1 Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis).
9.3 Interest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period.
10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 Call Option

10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bond Issue as follows (the "Call Option") at any time at a price equal to 120 per cent of par plus accrued interest.

10.2.2

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 20 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option. Each Bondholder may within the Exercise Period elect to exercise its Conversion Right after having received the Issuer's call option notice.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

10.3.1

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall at any time during the period commencing on the date on which a Change of Control Event occurs and ending sixty (60) calendar days following such date or, if later, sixty (60) calendar days period following the notification of a Change of Control Event, be entitled at its option to (at each Bondholder's discretion) either:

(i) require early redemption of its Bonds (the "Put Option") at par value plus accrued interest; or

14

Nordic Trustee AS

(ii) convert Bonds at the Change of Control Conversion Price, as set out below (adjusted to reflect any previous adjustment to the Conversion Price (if applicable)):

COCCP = OCP / (1 + (CP x c/t))

Where

COCCP: Change of Control Conversion Price

OCP: current Conversion Price

CP: Conversion Premium, being the percentage by which the initial Conversion Price exceeds the Volume Weighted Average Price of the Share for a period of 15 Dealing Days ending on the Issue Date.

c: number of days from and including the date the Change of Control Event occurs to but excluding the Maturity Date

t: number of days from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date

The number of Shares required to be issued shall be determined by dividing the principal amount of the Bonds by the Change of Control Conversion Price in effect on the relevant conversion date.

A Change of Control Event shall not apply in the event of a consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Issuer with any corporation or in case of a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer which would have similar effect as a merger if (a) the Issuer is the continuing corporation or (b) the Issuer, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, has taken necessary steps to ensure that each Bond then outstanding will be convertible into the class and amount of shares and other securities, property or cash receivable upon such consolidation, amalgamation or merger by a holder of the number of Shares which would have become liable to be issued upon exercise of Conversion Rights immediately prior to such consolidation, amalgamation or merger.

10.3.2

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the 60 calendar day exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.3

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.3.4

The Issuer may at any time during the term of the Bonds, provided that 90% or more of the original issued Bonds have been redeemed or converted into Shares pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Change of control) call all, but not only some only, of the outstanding Bonds at par value plus accrued interest (the "Clean-up call option"). Should the Issuer exercise the Clean-up call option, the Bond Trustee and the

15

Nordic Trustee AS

Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository) no later than 20 Business Days before the date of redemption. Each Bondholder may within the Exercise Period elect to exercise its Conversion Right after having received the Issuer's Clean-up call option notice.
10.4 Share settlement option
The Issuer may redeem the Bonds on the Maturity Date by exercising a Share Settlement Option with respect to all of the Bonds, provided that the Shares are listed on the Oslo Børs and no Event of Default has occurred, by giving notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders not more than 60 nor less than 30 calendar days prior to the Maturity Date.
The Issuer shall exercise the Share Settlement Option by:
(a) issuing to the relevant Bondholder such number of Shares as is determined by dividing the aggregate principal amount of such Bondholder's Bonds by the Conversion Price in effect on the Valuation Date;
(b) making payment to the relevant Bondholder of an amount (the "Cash Settlement Amount") equal to the amount (if any) by which the principal aggregate amount of such Bonds exceeds the product of the Current Value of a Share on the Valuation Date and the whole number of Shares deliverable to such Bondholder in accordance with (a) above; and
(c) making or procuring payment to the relevant Bondholder in cash of any accrued and unpaid interest in respect of such Bonds up to the Maturity Date.
When used in this Clause 10.4, the "Current Value" in respect of a Share on the Valuation Date shall mean 99% of the average of the Volume Weighted Average Price of the Shares for the twenty consecutive Dealing Days ending on the Valuation Date.
11 Payments

11.1 Covenant topay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

16

Nordic Trustee AS

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer, the Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 Currency

11.3.1 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in NOK.

11.3.2 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in NOK.

11.4 Set-offand counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus three percentage points (3.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 18.1(a), cf. Clauses 18.2 - 18.4.

11.6 Partialpayments

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

17

Nordic Trustee AS
(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.
12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion
13 Conversion terms
13.1 Bondholders' Conversion Right
Each Bondholder may exercise one or more of his Conversion Right(s) at the Conversion Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided that the relevant Bondholder at the Conversion Date has the right to own Shares under the applicable law and that notification thereof is given pursuant to Clause 13.4.
13.2 Separation of the Conversion Right
The Conversion Right cannot be separated from the Bond.
13.3 Adjustment of the Conversion Right
The Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to Clauses 14 and 15.
13.4 Notice
In order to exercise a Conversion Right, the Bondholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent (via its account manager for the Securities Depository) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice.
Request for conversion takes place by the Bondholder notifying his account manager for the Securities Depository of the number of Bonds which shall be converted. The Bondholder's account manager for the Securities Depository shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent. The Paying Agent shall carry the conversion into effect at the Conversion Date.
Conversion will be effected by a set-off of the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted against the issuing of the whole number of Shares resulting from dividing the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted by the Conversion Price. Any excess amount beyond the whole number of Shares converted by the Bonds shall fall to the Issuer.
Interest accrued since the latest Interest Payment Date but not due on a Conversion Date, shall not be paid in cash nor kind to the Bondholders, but shall accrue to the
18

Nordic Trustee AS

Issuer, unless the Conversion Date falls in an ex-period for a Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date, then interest due shall be paid to the relevant Bondholder.
13.5 Undertakings
The Issuer is responsible for ensuring that:
(a) the Shares to be issued as a result of the exercise of the Conversion Right shall be issued,
(b) the remaining Outstanding Bonds are being written down on the Conversion Date, and
(c) Shares issued upon conversion are registered in the Securities Depository on the Conversion Date in accordance with the Issuer's articles of association.
13.6 The Shares
Shares issued upon conversion of the Bonds will be fully paid and non-assessable and will in all respects rank pari passu with the Shares in issue on the relevant Conversion Date, except for any right excluded by mandatory provisions of applicable law and except that such Shares will not rank for any rights, distributions or payments the record date (or other due date for the establishment of entitlement) for which falls prior to the relevant Conversion Date.
13.7 Cash settlement option
The obligation of the Issuer to issue Shares on the exercise of any Bondholder's Conversion Rights may, at the sole discretion of the Issuer, be settled, in whole or in part, by cash payment. The cash settlement payment shall be the product of (i) the number of Shares otherwise issuable under the Convertible Bond and in respect of which the Issuer has elected such cash settlement option and (ii) the average of the Volume Weighted Average Price for the fifteen consecutive Dealing Days immediately after the date the Issuer elects to exercise its cash settlement option in respect of the relevant Convertible Bond.
14 Adjustment of the conversion price

14.1 Share issue

In the event of a new issue of Shares in which shareholders of the Issuer have preferential rights to subscribe for the new Shares,

(i) if the Shares are listed at a Market Place, a new Conversion Price be calculated as follows: new Conversion Price = A x old Conversion Price
B
Where:

^

(S hare Price* n u m b e r o f sh a re s b e fo r e sh a re issue) +(Share issue price * n u m b e r o f n e w sh a res)

num ber o f shares before share issue+ num ber o f new shares
B = Share Price

19

Nordic Trustee AS

The "Share Price" is the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the Market Place the last three days the Shares are quoted including rights.
(ii) if the Shares are not listed, each Bondholder shall have the same subscription right as the shareholders of the Issuer, as if the Bondholder already had exercised his conversion right.
14.2 Financial instruments
In the event of an issue of financial instruments carrying the right to acquire Shares and in which existing shareholders of the Issuer have preferential rights to subscribe for such financial instruments (the "Subscription Rights"),
(i) if the Shares are listed on a Market Place, a new Conversion Price shall be calculated as follows:

new Conversion Price

x old Conversion Price Average Subscription Period Price
Average Subscription Period Price plus the Average Subscription Rights Price

where: (a) "Average Subscription Period Price" means the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price of such Shares on the Market Place, measured during the period when the Subscription Rights may be exercised, and (b) "Average Subscription Rights Price" means either (1) if the Issuer has listed the Subscription Rights on a Market Place, the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price of such Subscription Rights on the Market Place, measured during the period when the Subscription Rights may be exercised, or (2) if the Issuer has not listed the Subscription Rights on a Market Place, the average of the trading price of the Subscription Rights calculated by a broker agreed upon by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, measured during the period when the Subscription Rights may be exercised Days without trading are not included in the aforesaid calculations.
(ii) if the Shares are not listed, each Bondholder shall have the same subscription right as the shareholders of the Issuer, as if the Bondholder already had exercised his conversion right.
14.3 Capital write-down
In the event of a capital write-down of the Issuer's share capital and subsequent repayment to shareholders of the Issuer,
(i) if the Shares are listed at a Market Place, a new Conversion Price be calculated as follows:
new C,, onversion Pri.ce =s-h-a-re--p-r-ic-e-l-e-s-s-a-m--o-u-n-t-r-e-p-a--id p-e-r-s-h-a-r-e-x ol*d* Conversio· n Pt-r»ic· e Share price

The "Share Price" is the Volume Weighted Average Price on the Market Place the last three days shares are quoted including rights.

20

Nordic Trustee AS
(ii) if the Shares are not listed, the Conversion Price be reduced with an amount equal to the amount repaid per share.
Reduction of the share capital of the Issuer without repayment to the shareholders of the Issuer shall have no influence on the Conversion Price. 14.4 Bonus Issue o fNew Shares In the event of a Bonus Issue of new Shares (with the exception of shares issued in settlement of a merger offer), split or consolidation, the new Conversion Price shall be fixed as follows:
Num ber o f Shares prior to bonus issue,split
new Conversion Price = ^ Num ber of sha f r ^ u s issue,spiit x old Conversion Price
or consolidation
In the event that the Shares are split into more than one class of Shares, the conversion right shall be adjusted so that Bondholders' interest in the separate share classes remains unchanged, regardless of whether the Bondholder elects to convert prior to, or after the date on which the Shares are quoted post split. A bonus issue writing up the par value of the Shares in the Issuer shall have no influence on the Conversion Price. 14.5 Dividend Should the Issuer make a dividend distribution, in cash or in kind (including by way of distribution of shares) to shareholders of the Issuer, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted according to the principles of Clause 14.3. 14.6 Approval o f unfavourable changes in share capital If changes are made in the share capital of the Issuer other than those mentioned in Clauses 14.1-14.5 above, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders compared to the shareholders of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall agree on a new Conversion Price. This also applies to other transactions, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders. The principles expressed in Clauses 14.1 to Clause 14.5 above shall always be the basis for any adjustments pursuant to this Clause. 14.7 Par value If the Conversion Price is below par value of the Shares, par value of the Shares still applies, and the Issuer shall upon conversion pay the Bondholders the difference between the par value of the Shares and the Conversion Price.
21

Nordic Trustee AS
15 Merger and de-merger
15.1 Redemption
If the Issuer prior to the expiry of the Conversion Period decides on a statutory merger (in accordance with prevailing legislation from time to time) in which the Issuer is the acquired company, each Bondholder has the right to demand the Bonds to be redeemed at par plus accrued interest.
The Issuer shall give the Bondholders written notification through the Securities Depository at the latest 5 - five - Business Days after notification of the merger. The notification shall refer to the regulations and deadlines of Clause 15.2.
15.2 Notice
Request for redemption takes place by the Bondholder notifying his Account Manager at the latest two (2) months after notification of the merger. The Bondholder's Account Manager shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent.
Redemption shall take place 5 - five- Business Days after the acquiring company has notified that the merger shall be effective.
15.3 Transfer o f the conversion right
If a Bondholder does not use the right to request redemption according to Clause 15.2, the conversion right shall be transferred to a right to convert to shares in the acquiring company on terms that are adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio of the merger.
15.4 Adjustment o f Conversion Price
If the Issuer decides on a merger in which the Issuer is the acquiring company, and the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in the form of shares only, no adjustment will be made to the Conversion Price. If the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in any other form, in full or partly, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted according to Clause 14.
15.5 De-merger
In the event of a de-merger, a split-up, a spin-off, split-off or if any other event occurs which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has the same effect as a de-merger, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall agree on appropriate adjustments to the Conversion Right and the Conversion Price, which shall be made pursuant to the principles as set out in Clause 14.
15.6 Creditors
The provisions in this Clause 15 have no limitation on the creditor's right of objection to the merger or de-merger.
22

Nordic Trustee AS
16 Covenants
16.1 General
16.1.1 The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 16.
16.2 Information Covenants
16.2.1 The Issuer shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year;
(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;
(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;
(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(g) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;
(i) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond trustee is entitled to receive such information from the Securities Depository or Paying Agent directly); and
23

Nordic Trustee AS

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's

business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably

request.

16.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 16.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 16, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

16.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.
(e) Disposal of business
The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, unless:
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

24

Nordic Trustee AS

(f)

A rm 's length transactions

The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

(g) Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

(h) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.

16.4 Financial covenants

The Issuer undertakes at all times to maintain Free Cash of no less than USD 50,000,000.

"Free Cash" means, at the date of calculation and on a consolidated basis, the aggregate amount of:

(a) The Issuer's freely available cash and bank deposit balances; and

(b) Any undrawn portion of Committed Revolving Credit Lines.

"Committed Revolving Credit Lines" means, at the date of calculation and on a consolidated basis, the revolving credit lines and overdraft facilities which are freely available to the Group for the general working capital purposes of the Group and which mature no earlier than twelve (12) months after each such date of calculation and which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude (a) long-term loan commitments for the financing of vessels or other assets, (b) loan commitments for the financing of predelivery instalments payable to any shipyard under the Group's ongoing newbuilding program, and (c) loan commitments available for any purpose other than the Group's working capital requirements.

The financial covenant will apply at all times and will be tested on a semi-annual basis, to be calculated on 30 June and 31 December each year and reported in connection with its financial reports under Clause 16.2.1(c) and (d).

17 Fees and expenses

17.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the

25

Nordic Trustee AS
negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
17.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
17.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.
17.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
17.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
17.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
17.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
18 Events of Default
18.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is
26

Nordic Trustee AS

likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach o f other obligations
The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c) Cross default If for any Group Company:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of NOK 75 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

(d) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(e) Insolvency
(i) The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary are unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or suspends making payments on any of its debts.

(ii) The value of the assets of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary are less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities)

(f)

Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

If for the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary are any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

27

Nordic Trustee AS

(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder; or

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This paragraph (f) shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.

(g) Creditors'process
The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary are having any of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, having an aggregate value as set out in paragraph 18.1 (c) (Cross default) above.

(h) Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(i)

Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

18.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 18.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

18.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 18.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at a simple majority of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

28

Nordic Trustee AS

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
18.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 18.2 or 18.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
19 Bondholders' Meeting

19.1 Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting

19.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

19.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

19.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 20.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

19.2 Procedural rulesfor Bondholders'meetings

19.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

19.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

19.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

29

Nordic Trustee AS

19.2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

19.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

19.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

19.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

19.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

19.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

19.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

19.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

19.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders'Meetings

19.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership.

30

Nordic Trustee AS

Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

19.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

19.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 19.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

19.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 19.3.5.

19.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

19.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

19.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

19.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

19.4 Repeated Bondholders'Meeting

19.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 19.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

19.4.2

The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

20 The Bond Trustee

20.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

31

Nordic Trustee AS

20.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

20.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

20.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

20.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 20.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

20.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 20.1.3 or 20.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

20.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

20.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 20.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

20.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 19.3.5.

20.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

32

Nordic Trustee AS

20.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

20.2 Liability and indemnity

20.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

20.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

20.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 18.3(a) or 19.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

20.3 Change o fBond Trustee

20.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 19. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

20.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 17, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

20.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

21 Miscellaneous

21.1 The community o fBondholders

33

Nordic Trustee AS

By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act

directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal

proceedings against, the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party

based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including

but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security

Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for

damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless

of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis,

however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual

rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly

towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

21.2 Bond Defeasance

21.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 21.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

34

Nordic Trustee AS

(b)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate

that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of

preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the

intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of

the Issuer or others; and

(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

21.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:

(a) the Issuer shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 16, except Clauses 16.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

21.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

21.2.4 if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

21.3 Limitation o f claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

21.4 Access to information

35

Nordic Trustee AS

21.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

21.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

21.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

21.6 Notices, contact information

21.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

21.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

21.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

21.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

21.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

36

Nordic Trustee AS

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

21.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

21.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

21.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

21.7.3

Clause 21.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

37

Nordic Trustee AS

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Nordic Trustee AS P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

Siem Offshore Inc. Senior Unsecured Convertible Bond Issue 2018/2023- ISIN 001 0708670

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 16.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2. the covenants set out in Clause 16 are satisfied;

3. in accordance with Clause 16.4, the Free Cash as of [date] is XX

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Siem Offshore Inc.

Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

38

