Execution version

AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO 1

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO 1 (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated I September 2014 and made between:

(1)

AWILCO DRILLING PLC, a company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of

England and Wales (registration no. 07114196), as issuer (the "Issuer"),

(2) WILPHOENIX (UK) LIMITED, a company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of England and Wales (registration no. 07114213) ("WilPhoenix UK"),

(3)

WILPHOENIX (MALTA) LIMITED, a company incorporated with limited liability under the

laws of Malta (registration number C51565) (" WilPhoenix Malta"),

(4) AWILCO DRILLING PTE. LTD., a company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Singapore (registration number 201109168M) ("Awilco Singapore"), and

(5)

NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA, a company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of

Norway (registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

WHEREAS:

(A) By a bond agreement dated 8 April 2014 (the "Bond Agreement") the Issuer has issued a series of bonds in the maximum amount of USD 125,000,000 with ISIN NO 001 070928.0, described as "7.00% Awilco Drilling Pic Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019".
(B) The Issuer has informed the Bond Trustee that it will carry out a Permitted Corporate Reorganisation whereby the Rig will be transferred from the present owner of the Rig, WilPhoenix Malta, to WilPhoenix UK (the "Rig Transfer").
(C) This Amendment Agreement sets out the terms and conditions upon which the relevant provisions of the Bond Agreement is to be amended as a consequence of, and allow for the completion o f the Rig Transfer.
IT IS AGREED as follows:

1.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions

(a) Terms defined in the Bond Agreement have the same meaning when used in this Amendment Agreement unless otherwise defined herein.

(b) In this Amendment Agreement "Effective Date"means:

(i)

the date on which the Bond Trustee notifies the Issuer that it has received all the

documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 in a form and substance

satisfactory to it; or

(ii)

such earlier date as informed in writing by the Bond Trustee to the Issuer.

schjodt.no | Page 2 of 8

1.2 Construction

(a)

In this Amendment Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(i)

the principles of construction set out in the Bond Agreement shall have the same

effect as if set out in this Amendment Agreement; and

(ii) any reference to a "Clause" is a reference to a Clause in this Amendment Agreement.

(b) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee designates this Amendment Agreement as a Finance Document in accordance with the Bond Agreement.

2.

AMENDMENTS

The parties to this Amendment Agreement agree that with effect from the Effective Date:

(a)

in the list of parties, item (2) on page 3 of the Bond Agreement, "or the "Rig Owner" shall be

added after "WilPhoenix UK";

(b) in the list of parties, item (3) on page 3 of the Bond Agreement, the term "Rig Owner" shall be replaced by "WilPhoenix Malta";

(c)

in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement, the following definition shall be added;

""Assignment of Intercompany Loan Agreement" means an assignment o f the rights of WilPhoenix Malta as lender under the Intercompany Loan Agreement, however allowing for such loan to, on such terms as set out in such assignment, be disposed o f and/or set off against certain liabilities.";

(d) in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement, the following definition shall be added:

""Intercompany Loan Agreement" means the intercompany loan agreement dated on or about the date hereofbetween WilPhoenix Malta as lender and the Rig Owner as borrower.

(e)

in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement, in the definition of "Assignment o f Intercompany Loans",

"the Rig Owner" shall be replaced by "WilPhoenix Malta";

(f)

in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement, the definition of "Bareboat Charter" shall be replaced in

its entirety by the following definition:

""Bareboat Charter" means any bareboat charter agreement entered into by the Rig Owner and any third party relating to the Rigfrom time to time.";

(g) in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement, the definition of "Bareboat Charter Assignment" the term "the" before "Bareboat Charter Assignment" shall be replaced by the term "any";

(h) in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement, in the definition of "Guarantors", "WilPhoenix UK" shall be replaced by "WilPhoenix Malta";

(i)

in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement, the definition of "Minority Rig Owner Share Pledge" shall

be deleted in its entirety and be replaced by the following definition:

""Minority Malta Share Pledge" means a pledge granted by WilPhoenix UK over all o f the shares (0.05%) in WilPhoenix Malta, together with, inter alia, letters o f resignation (effective upon an Event o f Default) from the current board members o f WilPhoenix Malta and covenants to obtain samefrom future board members.

#3660639

schjodt.no | Page 3 of 8

(j)

in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement, the definition of "Rig Owner Share Pledge" shall be

deleted in its entirety and be replaced by the following definition:

""Malta Share Pledge" means a pledge granted by the Issuer over 99.95% o f the shares in the WilPhoenix Malta together with, inter alia, letters o f resignation (effective upon an Event o f Default) from the current board members o f WilPhoenix Malta and covenants to obtain same from future board members.";

(k) in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement, the definition of "Security Interest" shall be deleted in its entirety and be replaced by the following definition:

""Security Interests'' means: (a) the Rig Mortgage, (b) the Escrow Account Pledge, (c) the Earnings Assignment, (d) the Drilling Contract Assignment, (e) the Issuer Earnings Account Pledge, (f) the Malta Share Pledge, (g) the Sub-Contractor Share Pledge, (h) the Assignment of Intercompany Loans, (i) the Guarantees, (j) the Minority Malta Share Pledge; (k) the Sub Contract Assignment; (l) the Assignment o f Insurances; (m) any Bareboat Charter Assignment; (n) the Assignment o f Intercompany Loan Agreement; and (o) if and when relevant, any Additional Security pursuant to Clause 8.1.3"

(l)

in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement, in the definition of "Transocean Seller Note" the words

"are currently being the Rig Owner" shall be replaced by "being WilPhoenix Malta";

(m) in Clause 2.3 (a) of the Bond Agreement, "the Rig Owner" shall (throughout) be replaced by "WilPhoenix Malta";

(n) in Clause 6.2.1 (c) of the Bond Agreement, "the Rig Owner" shall be replaced by " WilPhoenix Malta";

(o) in Clause 13.4.2 o f the Bond Agreement, "WilPhoenix UK and/or" shall be deleted;

(p) in the heading of Clauses 13.6 of the Bond Agreement, "WilPhoenix UK' shall be replaced by "WilPhoenix Malta";

(q) in Clauses 13.6 and 13.6.2,13.6.4 through 13.6.6 of the Bond Agreement, "WilPhoenix UK" shall be replaced by "WilPhoenix Malta"; and

(r)

in Clause 13.6.3 of the Bond Agreement, the text of such clause shall be deleted in its entirety

and be replaced by the following text:

"The Rig Owner and WilPhoenix Malta shall not incur or permit to remain outstanding, any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than (i) the Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue, (ii) the Refinancing Intercompany Loan (iii) the Intercompany Loan Agreement, and (iv) any other intercompany loan, so long as (with respect to (ii), (iii) and (iv) in the foregoing in each case) it is fully subordinated to the relevant Guarantors' obligations under the Finance Documents, and pledged in favour o f the Trustee or (v) as a result o f seller's credit provided by third party suppliers in the ordinary course of business consistent with market practice.".

3.

REPRESENTATIONS

Each of the Obligors represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee on the date of this Amendment Agreement that:

#3660639

schjodt.no | Page 4 of 8

(a)

it has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to

authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Amendment Agreement and the

transactions contemplated thereby;

(b) this Amendment Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the Amendment Agreement enforceable against it;

(c)

the entry into and performance by it of this Amendment Agreement and the transactions

contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or

official order, (ii) its constitutional documents or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is

binding upon it or any of its assets;

(d) no Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, this Amendment Agreement;

(e)

no other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace

period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of

the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under

any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to

which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material

Adverse Effect; and

(f)

all authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licences, exemptions, filings, notarizations

or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under

this Amendment Agreement; and

(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Amendment Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

4.

SECURITY AND GUARANTEE CONFIRMATION

Each of the Obligors hereby confirms and agrees that;

(a)

the on demand guarantee contained in Clause 8.2 of the Bond Agreement; and

(b) the security created or intended to be created under any Security Document,

shall, on and after the Effective Date, continue to be in full force and effect and extend to all the liabilities and obligations of all Obligors and any other member of the Group under or in respect of the Finance Documents (including, without limitation, this Amendment Agreement), and furthermore WilPhoenix UK hereby confirms and agrees that the security created by it under the Assignment of Insurances shall comprise all its rights, title to and interest in the Insurances (as defined therein) in its capacity as new owner of the Rig, and that it will issue a notice in the form set out in Schedule 2 hereto to inform the relevant insurers accordingly.

#3660639

schjodt.no | Page 5 of 8

5.

COSTAND EXPENSES

The Issuer shall promptly following demand pay to the Bond Trustee the amount of all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Amendment Agreement.

6.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND LEGAL VENUE

The provisions of clause 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue), of the Bond Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Amendment Agreement.

This Amendment Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Amendment Agreement.
[Signatures on next page]

#3660639

Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee
By: Fredrik Luriei&erg
Position:
Awilco Drilling Pic as Issuer
By: Position:
WilPhoenix (Malta) Limited as Guarantor
By: Position:

schjodt.no | Page 6 of 8
WilPhoenix (UK) Limited as Guarantor By: Position:
Signed, Sealed and Delivered as a Deed by
as attorney-in-fact for and on behalf of Awilco Drilling Pte. Ltd. as Guarantor in the presence of: Witness Name:

#3660639

Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee
By: Position:

schjodt.no | Page 6 of 8

Awilco Drilling Pic as Issuer
...
By: L f l c vM corj-C Position: f \ T T y - I im- £v)cT

WilPhoenix (UK) Limited

as Guarantor

/

............ 77..............................

By:

Jp iC o r^ r

Position: ^ T T ö K i N

-- i'm -+V)c.T

WilPhoenix (Malta) Limited

as Guarantor,

/

.......... By:Os(c^ Position: A r r o c A ie y - / » v - ^ u - r

Signed, Sealed and Delivered as a Deed by

............ ........................... E K 'U J a c o b s as attorney-in-fact for and on behalf of
Awilco Drilling Pte. Ltd. as Guarantor

in the presence of:

h^ Witness
Name: O L C

Cfcei * ·* * * , ^ I'O ST SM

#3660639

Schedule 1

(Condition precedent to Effective Date)

schjodt.no | Page 7 of 8

1.

In respect of each of the Obligors:

(a)

fresh and (to the extent required by the Bond Trustee in the relevant jurisdiction) certified

copies of (i) the certificate of incorporation or other similar official, evidencing that it is

validly registered and existing and (ii) the articles of association, memorandum and articles of

association (or equivalent); and

(b) a resolution of its board of directors authorising the execution of the Amendment Agreement and (as relevant) the new Rig Mortgage and the new Assignment of Intercompany Loan Agreement (both as amended and/or defined in Clause 2 in the Amendment Agreement), including relevant power of attorneys to its representatives for the execution and registration of such document(s).

2.

The Amendment Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto.

3.

The notice to the insurers as attached to the Amendment Agreement as Schedule 2 duly

executed and evidence that the same being served on the relevant insurers.

4.

Evidence that all applicable insurances have been taken out in accordance with the Bond

Agreement and remain in full force and effect following the Rig Transfer.

5.

Copies of any updated class certificate (to be provided as soon as possible after completion of

the Rig Transfer), and other relevant certificates or other document in respect of the Rig, if

any, being amended, updated or renewed in connection with the Rig Transfer (or, to the

extent relevant, interim forms of any such certificates or documents, with the final forms to

follow as soon as available).

6.

Evidence that the new Rig Mortgage have been executed and perfected.

7.

Evidence of due registration in the relevant flag state of the Rig in the name of WilPhoenix

UK without any encumbrances other than the Rig Mortgage.

8.

A copy of the duly executed Intercompany Loan Agreement.

9.

All legal opinions reasonably requested by, in form and substance satisfactory to, the Bond

Trustee in respect of each of the Obligors, the new Rig Mortgage, the Assignment of

Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Amendment Agreement and /or the Rig Transfer.

10.

Such other documents, evidence and information as the Bond Trustee may reasonably

require.

#3660639

Schedule 2 FORM OF CONFIRMATION NOTICE OF ASSIGNMENT OF INSURANCES

schjodt.no | Page 8 of 8

To

[Lead insurer/P&I club/war insurer]

NOTICE OF CONFIRMATION OF ASSIGNMENT OF INSURANCES - WILPHOENIX

We refer to the notice of the assignment of insurances dated 14 April 2or4 (the "Notice") whereby we notified you that we had assigned to Nordic Trustee ASA (formerly known as Norsk Tillitsmann ASA), with registration number 963 342 624, on behalf of and as trustee for the bondholders under a bond agreement dated 8 April 2014 as pledgee (the "Pledgee"), all our rights, title and interest in and to all policies and contracts of insurance (including but not limited to entries in protection and indemnity and/or war risks associations) which will be taken out or effected in respect of the rig "WilPhoenix" (the "Rig") or her increased value, and all payments, proceeds, benefits and other assets relating to, or derived from, any of the foregoing, including any rights to a return of a premium (the "Pledge").

Please, take notice that as of [ ] September 2014 the undersigned, WilPhonix (UK) Limited, is the owner o f the Rig.

Furthermore, we hereby notify you and confirm that:

(a) the Pledge shall continue with full force and effect;

(b) the instructions contained in the loss payable clause set out in Annex A to the Notice remain unchanged;

(c)

Nordic Trustee ASA shall remain noted as mortgagee in the Rig in accordance with Chapter 7

of the Nordic Insurance Plan of 2013; and

(d) the assignment created by the Pledge shall comprise all our rights, title to and interest in the insurances as described above in our capacity as new owner of the Rig.

This notice is subject to Norwegian law.

[place], [date] for and on behalf of WilPhoenix (UK) Limited

(authorised signatory)

#3660639

