NORDIC TRUSTEE
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0724818 - First Priority Oro Negro Impetus Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2015
Oslo, 10 February 2015
Regarding summons to Bondholders' Meeting 12 February 2015
Nordic Trustee ASA is appointed as Bond Trustee for the above mentioned Bond Issue. Capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 4 December 2014 (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein.
A summon has been made for a Bondholders' Meeting to be held on 12 February 2015 on the basis of a request from Clearwater Capital Partners Pacific IV. Ltd ("Clearwater"). The summons was posted at www.stamdata.com on 30 January 2015. Clearwater has requested the Bondholders' meeting to review, consider and discuss whether the Bond Trustee acted appropriately and in accordance with Bondholders' best interests when reacting to information provided by Clearwater's counsel, and to consider the change of the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent. Clearwater has prepared a Bondholder Information Package being available by contacting Clearwater's international legal counsel, as set out in notice to the Bondholders posted at www.stamdata.com on 6 February 2015.
The Bondholder Information Package has not been made available to the Bond Trustee and we are accordingly not in a position to comment on any part of the contents of the Bondholder Information Package. However, we will like to emphasise that we have diligently considered the legal and factual basis for the decisions taken by us as Bond Trustee under the Bond Agreement. All information and requests received from Clearwater and their legal counsel have been carefully considered by us and our external legal counsel before making our decisions.
We persist in the judgement made by us, but will of course cooperate in full if the decision made at the Bondholders' Meeting is to replace the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent.
Yours sincerely,
Nordic Trustee ASA

