NORSK TILLITSM ANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidetpå engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (tel: +47 22 87 94 24) eller Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Ltd. (tel: +47 67 51 88 50)
To the bondholders in: ISIN NO 001056160.8 - 9.00 per cent Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Ltd Bond Issue 2009/2019 (the "Bondholders")
Oslo, 21 November 2011
SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING - AMENDMENT TO THE TERMS OF THE PROPOSED RESTRUCTURNG OF THE BONDS
Marine Subsea Cyprus Holding Ltd. is the issuer and borrower ("MSCH" or the "Borrower") under that certain Loan Agreement, dated 14 December 2009, (the "Bond Loan Agreement") between MSCH, Marine Subsea AS as parent guarantor (the "Parent") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") as Trustee, pursuant to which MSCH issued the above-referenced bonds with ISIN NO 001056160.8, in the original principal amount of USD 246,000,000 (the "Bonds").
Reference is made to the summons to Bondholders' meeting for the Bonds dated 23 August 2011 (the "First Summons"). All capitalised terms used herein that are not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Bond Loan Agreement or the First Summons unless otherwise stated.
The information in this summons (the "Second Summons") regarding the legal, operational and financial status of the Borrower, the conclusions reached by the boards of directors of the Borrower and the Parent and the requests for Bondholder approval in respect of the transactions described herein are being provided by the Borrower and the Parent. The Loan Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever related to the requests made herein and to the information provided by the Borrower and the Parent.
The purpose of this Second Summons is to request approval from the Bondholders for a revised proposal relating to the proposed Restructuring of the Bonds (the "Revised Restructuring") and to authorise and agree to certain other matters and actions that are appropriate and necessary in order to consummate the Revised Restructuring on these amended terms.
1. BACKGROUND.
As set out in the First Summons, it was proposed that certain shares in the subsidiaries of MSCH and certain intercompany debt owed by its subsidiaries be transferred to a newly formed entity, African Offshore Services AS ("AOS"). The purchase price payable for the shares and intercompany debt to the Borrower was to be USD 90,000,000 in cash without set off, contribution or counterclaim (the "Original Purchase Price").
P0 Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo ] Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

It was agreed that the Borrower would allocate the Original Purchase Price at the closing of the Restructuring as follows:
(a) First, in payment of: (x) the fees, costs and expenses (to the extent in each case that such fees costs and expenses remain unpaid at the closing of the Restructuring) of AMA Capital Partners LLC, the Loan Trustee, Georgiades & Pelides LLC, and Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS (including in each case, a reasonable estimate of fees to cover any post-closing matters including, without limitation, release of security); and (y) the fees, costs and expenses incurred by Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP from and including 17 June 2011 (including a reasonable estimate of fees to cover any post-closing matters including, without limitation, release of security) (together, the "Bondholder Costs")- It is estimated that these fees will be in the aggregate approximately USD 2,000,000. The fees may, however, be higher than this estimate;
(b) Second, in payment to Jaya Shipbuilding and Engineering Pte Ltd. ("Jaya") of the sum owed to it by MSCH under the construction contract for the African Worker, in an amount not to exceed USD 15,000,000 and in exchange for Jaya releasing both the mortgage in respect of the African Worker and also the pledge over the shares in Marine Subsea Worker Pte; and
(c) Third, to the Loan Trustee to be distributed in accordance with the Bond Loan Agreement.
Accordingly, it was anticipated that Bondholders would receive a cash payment of approximately USD 73,000,0000.
In addition, the Borrower is obliged to pay an amount equal to USD 150,000 for every week that has lapsed from the approval of the First Summons on 31 August 2011 until the Restructuring is completed (the "Additional Amount"). As at the date of this Second Summons, an Additional Amount of USD 1,650,000 is therefore owed by the Borrower to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
2. REVISED PROPOSAL
Since the First Summons, the process of financing the sale of the shares and intercompany Debt has required some structural and commercial changes.
First, a new silent limited partnership has been incorporated in Norway under the name Offshore Accommodation IS, with Offshore Accommodation AS as its general partner (Offshore Accommodation IS and Offshore Accommodation AS collectively referred to as "OA") with a view to purchasing the three offshore accommodation barges known as `African Installer', `African Worker' and `African Lifter' (the "Barges"). It is intended that the shares and intercompany debt listed in the Schedule to this Second Summons (the "MS Shares" and "Intercompany Debt") be purchased by African Offshore Cyprus Holding Ltd ("AOCH"). Pareto Project Finance AS ("Pareto") has been working to obtain financing to enable OA to acquire the Barges from certain subsidiaries of the Borrower and for AOCH to acquire the MS Shares and Intercompany Debt from the Borrower and certain of its subsidiaries. Secondly, Pareto has received indicative commitments for funding in an amount o f USD 74,000,000 net of transaction costs and fees and believes it has exhausted all avenues for raising further financing.
2

The Bondholders are therefore being asked to consider the Revised Restructuring proposal which will provide for the following purchase consideration to be paid by OA for the Barges:
(a) a cash sum of USD 74,000,000 (to be applied in accordance with the waterfall described in section 1. above), meaning that a reduced cash amount would be paid to the Loan Trustee to be distributed in accordance with the Bond Loan Agreement (the "Cash Consideration"); and
(b) 40% of the partnership shares in Offshore Accommodation IS (the "Shares") which would be distributed to Bondholders.
In addition:
(a) the Borrower will pay to the Loan Trustee, a cash sum equal to the Additional Amount (currently USD 1,650,000 but accruing on the basis set out above); and
(b) AOCH will pay USD 1 to MSCH in consideration for the acquisition by it of the MS Shares and Intercompany Debt.
Based on an anticipated Completion (as defined below) of the Revised Restructuring on 30 November 2011, it is expected that the Additional Amount will roughly equal the Bondholder Costs, leaving Cash Consideration of approximately USD 59,000,000 available in cash for distribution to Bondholders.
After payment of the Cash Consideration, the issuance of the Shares to the Bondholders and the payment of the Additional Amount, the principal face amount of the Bonds will be reduced by USD 75,000,000.
3. SHARE ISSUANCE
Bondholders are referred to the Information Memorandum which can be viewed online at http://www.stamdata.no which contains further information about OA and the proposed investment structure. The fnformation Memorandum has been prepared by Pareto and neither the Loan Trustee nor its advisers accept any responsibility for the contents of that document.
It is proposed that the Shares (which will consist of 16,000,000 shares of 1 USD each) will be issued in aggregate to the Bondholder class. Individual Bondholders will receive their pro rata share o f the Shares (the "Pro Rata Share"), calculated by reference to the principal face amount of the Bonds (including any capitalised interest) held by a Bondholder on the Oslo business day immediately prior to Completion of the Revised Restructuring (the "Record Date"), as a percentage of the principal face amount of all the Bonds (including capitalised interest) outstanding as at the Record Date. For the purpose of this Second Summons, "Completion" means the transfer of the Barges to OA, the payment by OA of the Cash Consideration (in accordance with the waterfall set out in section 1 above) and the payment by the Borrower to the Loan Trustee of a cash sum equal to the Additional Amount.
3

In order to be entitled to receive its Pro Rata Share of the Shares, a Bondholder must have first completed and returned to Pareto and the Loan Trustee the documents set out below (copies o f the forms are enclosed with this Summons):
To Pareto:
(i) the customer agreement; and (ii) the client declaration ((i) and (ii) together, the "Pareto Documentation"); and (iii) the KYC Information (as defined below).
A Bondholder must have provided to Pareto the following information which is required in order to satisfy certain `know your client' requirements (the "KYC Information"). If the Bondholder is a corporate entity then the following is required:
(i) A certified copy of the certificate of incorporation, certificate of registration, or similar documentation, as well as a certificate of good standing (if available);
(ii) A certified copy of the articles of association, or equivalent; and (iii) A certified copy of the identification for the individual signing on behalf of the
company and documentation proving that such individual has the right to do so (if not covered by the above documents).
If the Bondholder is a private individual then the only documentation required is a certified copy o f the individual's passport.
If the Bonds are held beneficially, then additional documentation must be provided to Pareto, further details of which may be found in the final page of the customer agreement.
The Pareto Documentation and KYC Information should be provided to Pareto at the following address:
Pareto Project Finance AS Att: Wilhelm Magelssen Postboks 1396 Vika 0114 Oslo Norway
To the Loan Trustee:
Evidence of ownership of the Bonds in form and substance satisfactoiy to the Loan Trustee (as described below) (the "Loan Trustee Documentation" and, together with the Pareto Documentation, the "Documentation").
In order to provide the Loan Trustee with satisfactory evidence of ownership of the Bonds Bondholders must contact their custodian and request that it provide them with written evidence of their holdings as contained in their records as at the Record Date. The custodian should also be asked to provide a written letter from Euroclear or Clearstream, and addressed to the custodian, confirming the custodian's position o f the Bonds as at the Record Date.
4

The Loan Trustee Documentation should be provided to the Loan Trustee using either of the

following methods:

Fax:

+47 22 87 94 10

E-Mail:

mail@trustee.no

Bondholders will have until the date falling three months from the Record Date (the "Long Stop Date") to submit the Pareto Documentation and KYC Information in a satisfactory form to Pareto and the Loan Trustee Documentation in a satisfactory form to the Loan Trustee. It is important that Bondholders submit the Documentation and KYC Information well in advance of the Long Stop Date to allow sufficient time for review and approval by Pareto and the Loan Trustee.

On Completion of the Revised Restructuring, the Shares shall be issued to NTM Refectio VI AS ("NTM Refectio"), a vehicle owned by the Loan Trustee, which will hold the Shares on behalf of all the Bondholders. NTM Refectio will transfer to a Bondholder its Pro Rata Share once it receives confirmation from Pareto and the Loan Trustee that the Documentation and KYC Information have been submitted and are satisfactory (each such Bondholder being an "Approved Bondholder"). NTM Refectio will effect the transfer of the Pro Rata Shares to Approved Bondholders within 5 Oslo business days o f the following dates:

(i) the earlier of (a) 19 December 2011; and (b) the date falling two weeks after Completion of the Revised Restructuring;'
(ii) 31 January 2011; and
(iii) the Long Stop Date (each, an "Allocation Date").

Bondholders that do not submit the Documentation and KYC Information in form and substance satisfactory to Pareto and the Loan Trustee (as applicable) by 5.00pm Oslo time on an Allocation Date will not receive their Pro Rata Share on that Allocation Date and will instead have to wait until the next Allocation Date to be eligible to receive their Pro Rata Share. Bondholders that do not submit the Documentation and KYC Information in form and substance satisfactory to Pareto and the Loan Trustee on or before the Long Stop Date will not be eligible to receive any Shares. Any Shares which are not allocated to Bondholders on or before the Long Stop Date will be distributed to Approved Bondholders. Approved Bondholders will receive a pro rata share of any unallocated Shares calculated by reference to the principal face amount of the Bonds (including any capitalised interest) held by an Approved Bondholder on the Record Date as a percentage of the principal face amount of all the Bonds (including capitalised interest) held by Approved Bondholders as at the Record Date.

4. TRANSFER OF REMAINING BONDS

The First Summons proposed that Bondholders be given the option to enter into a Bond Purchase Agreement with AOS. Bondholders will now be given the option to enter into such Bond Purchase Agreement, with AOCH rather than AOS. Under the terms of the Bond Purchase Agreement (i) the Bondholder shall agree to sell, and AOCH shall agree to purchase, all of the Remaining Bonds held by that Bondholder for an aggregate purchase price to that Bondholder of USD 1; and (ii) AOCH shall agree to turn over to each

5

Bondholder with whom it has entered into a Bond Purchase Agreement any payments made to or for the benefit of AOCH in respect of the Remaining Bonds purchased from that Bondholder after Completion of the Revised Restructuring until the obligations under the Remaining Bonds have been paid in full, except to the extent such payments are evidenced to constitute revenues or cash generated by assets owned by Marine Subsea & Consafe Ltd.
This Revised Restructuring is also conditional upon holders of at least 50.1% of the Bonds entering into a Bond Purchase Agreement.
5. WAIVERS AND RELEASES
The Bondholders are also asked to waive and release (and covenant not to bring or sue with respect to) any and all claims that they may have now or in the future against the Loan Trustee, NTM Refectio and any of their respective officers, directors, employees, partners, members, agents, representatives, shareholders or advisers whatsoever or howsoever arising, by reason o f or resulting from their involvement in the allocation and transfer of the Shares to the Bondholders or the determination of whether a Bondholder is an Approved Bondholder, other than in respect of gross negligence, fraud or wilful default (the "Bondholder Release").
6. OTHER TERMS
The other terms set out in the First Summons including, but not limited to, the conditional amendment of the Bond Loan Agreement and the conditional release of security and guarantees by both the Loan Trustee and Jaya, shall be deemed to be effective up to 30 November 2011 (and the Loan Trustee shall have discretion to extend such period until 15 December 2011) save as where amended by this Second Summons.
7. TIMING
It is anticipated that Completion of the Revised Restructuring will occur on or before 30 November 2011 and Bondholders are asked to approve the resolutions below on the basis that Completion occurs on or before this date. However, the Loan Trustee shall have discretion to extend the deadline for Completion to 15 December 2011.
8. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:
Time: 29 November 2011 at 10:00 a.m. (CET) Place: the premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VII's Gate 1, Oslo
The resolutions will become effective for the Bonds when they are approved.
Agenda:
Pursuant to the Bond Loan Agreement, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from the Loan Trustee.
(i) Approval o f the Summons;
6

(ii) Approval of the agenda;

(iii) Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman; and

(iv) Consent to the resolutions set out below.

Resolutions:

According to the Bond Loan Agreement, approval of the resolutions below requires a qualified majority of 2/3 in amount of the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favour of such proposals. In order for the Bondholders' meeting to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting in relation to the Bonds referred to in the heading to this meeting Summons resolve the following resolutions:

(i)

authorise and instruct the Loan Trustee to consent to a transfer of the Barges,

MS Shares and Intercompany Debt to OA and AOCH and an accompanying

release of all securities and guarantees that it has been granted by any of

Marine Subsea AS, the Borrower and its subsidiaries in connection with the

Bond Loan Agreement including, but not limited to, the securities and

guarantees listed in this Second Summons in exchange for and conditional

upon (a) payment of the Cash Consideration in accordance with the waterfall

set out in section 1 of this Summons; (b) payment of a cash sum equal to the

Additional Amount to the Loan Trustee; and (c) the issuance to NTM Refectio

of the Shares;

(ii)

authorise and instruct NTM Refectio to transfer to each Bondholder its Pro

Rata Share of the Shares provided that Bondholder has supplied the Pareto

Documentation and KYC Information to Pareto (in form and substance

satisfactory to Pareto) and the Loan Trustee Documentation (in form and

substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee) on or before the Long Stop Date;

(iii)

accept and approve the terms of the Bondholder Release;

(iv)

reiterate its acceptance and approval o f all resolutions previously approved

within the First Summons (save as amended by this Second Summons); and

(v)

authorise and instruct the Loan Trustee to negotiate and enter into such

documentation as is necessary or desirable to give effect to the terms of the

Revised Restructuring.

-oOo-

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form lfom the Securities Depository (VPS) indicating your bondholding at the present date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must

7

confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered). The individual Bondholder may authorise the Loan Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Loan Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Loan Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page o f this letter for details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership o f the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Loan Trustee, to notify the Loan Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (as set out below) by [·] hours Olso time ([·] hours London time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Attn: Fredrik Lundberg Tel: +47 22 87 94 24 Email: Lundberg@trustee.no Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Enclosures: -Bondholder's Form/power of attorney -The Customer Agreement; and -The Client Declaration.
8

SCHEDULE THE ASSETS

1.

SHARES

1.1 100% of the shares in the asset owning entity Marine Subsea Installer Ltd. 1.2 75% o f the shares in the asset owning entity Marine Subsea Lifter Ltd. 1.3 100% of the shares in the asset owning entity Marine Subsea Worker Pte Ltd. 1.4 100% of the shares in Marine Subsea Worker Ltd. 1.5 100% of the shares in Marine Subsea Solver Ltd. 1.6 100% of the shares in Interoil Angola Lda. 1.7 100% of the shares in Marine Subsea Caribe Ltd. 1.8 100% of the shares in Marine Subsea Fjord Ltd. 1.9 80% of the shares in TEN Marine Subsea Drilling Ltd. 1.10 100% of the shares in Marine Subsea Nigeria Ltd.

2.

INTERCOMPANY DEBT

2.1 Debt from Marine Subsea Installer Ltd. of USD 44936097 to MSCH. 2.2 Debt from Marine Subsea Lifter Ltd. of USD 44327460 to MSCH. 2.3 Debt from Marine Subsea Worker Ltd. of USD 2312086 to MSCH. 2.4 Debt from Marine Subsea Worker Singapore Pte Ltd. of USD 18874989 to MSCH. 2.5 Debt from Marine Subsea Caribe Ltd. o f USD 6923563 to MSCH. 2.6 Debt from Marine Subsea Fjord Ltd. of USD 7374852 to MSCH. 2.7 Debt from Marine Subsea Solver Ltd. of USD 574954 to MSCH. 2.8 Debt from Interoil Angola Lda of USD 0 to MSCH. 2.9 Debt from Interoil Angola Lda of USD 7000000 to Marine Subsea.

9

CUSTOMER AGREEMENT

1.

The Client's personalia

Surname, first name/Company name:

Persons authorised to act on behalf of the company:

Postal addresse Postal code: E-mail address: Bank account no.: Name of owner of bank account:

(Power o fAttorneys m ust be enclosed.) Personal identification no. (11 digits) /Organisation no.: City: Telephone: VPS-account no.: Manager: Name of owner of VPS-account:

Citizenship if other than Norwegian:

Legal residence if other than in Norway:

2.

Investment services

The Client requests the following investment services:

X

Reception and execution of orders

Investment advice

3.

Pareto's services

Pareto Project Finance AS' ("PPF") main services are stock-broking, and brokerage of shares in partnership companies, with a particular focus on the real estate, shipping and offshore business sectors.

PPF offers a limited specter of investment products and services. For example does PPF not offer bank deposits, money market funds, unit trusts, hedge funds or asset management that may, dependent upon the Client's purpose of investment and risk profile, constitute part of an investment portfolio. Any advice is limited to the products PPF offers, and is therefore not product independent. Neither does PPF offer advice to the Client with regard to identifying the investment purpose or the framework for investment (principles for allocation of assets, composition of portfolio to obtain the desired diversification etc.). Clients that seek assistance in this regard should thus contact another service provider providing such services.

PPF's investment products aims to give a positive return, has risk varying from low to medium to high and variable recommended investment period.

4.

Information and reports

The Client agrees to receive contract notes and other personal information by e-mail.

5.

Confirmations and consents

The business relationship between the Client and PPF is regulated by the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and related regulations, other relevant legislation, special agreements between PPF and the Client, and PPF's General Business Terms. The General Business terms are available at www.paretoproiectfmance.no/terms.

By signing this Customer Agreement the Client confirms/consents:

2/2

· to the at any time prevailing guidelines regarding execution of orders of PPF, see www.paretoproiectfinance.no/terms.
· that the Client's order may be executed outside regulated markets/MTF (alternatively organised market) to the extent permitted pursuant to the Guidelines for Execution of Orders in PPF,
· to have received, read and accepted PPF's General Business Terms, see enclosures, · that information not directed to the Client personally can be presented on www.pareto.no when deemed
appropriate, · that if the terms of the legislation are fulfilled, the Client requests to be treated as an eligible
counterparty, · that the Client is obligated to inform of changes in the information provided, hereunder postal address,
e-mail address, VPS- and bank account number, and · that PPF can collect data from companies offering credit information.

6.

Personal data; use and exchange

The Client accepts that PPF stores and processes personal data in accordance with the Act of 14 April 2000 no. 31 relating to the processing of personal data. The Client accepts that PPF and other companies within the Pareto-group may exchange any information they may have regarding the Client.

7.

Identity verification

PPF is obligated by law to carry out an identity verification of its clients and persons who can trade/act on behalf of clients that are legal entities. For non-Norwegian legal entities, please contact PPF's compliance officer in order to establish what documentation is necessary. Valid proof of identity for persons is among other passport, credit card or driving license. Identity verification shall be effected by personal appearance at the premises of PPF. If personal appearance at the premises of PPF constitutes a major inconvenience for the Client or is not practicable, the Client may procure/deliver a copy of their passport, driving license etc. certified as a true copy by a bank or other institution subject to the Norwegian Money Laundering Act.

Pursuant to the Norwegian Money Laundering Act we are obliged to procure information regarding the beneficiary owner. Beneficiary owner is to be understood as a physical person that ultimately owns or controls a Client or that a transaction is executed on behalf of, for example a person directly/indirectly owning/controlling more than 25 % of the shares/votes in a company.

If the beneficiary owner is another than the Client, PPF must be informed by way of completing the enclosed form "Information regarding beneficial owners". Similar identification as for the Client must be provided for the beneficial owner.

8.

Classification of clients

PPF has classified all its clients as retail clients. You are requested to contact PPF should you request to be re classified to professional client or eligible counterparty. See "Information regarding classification of clients" at www.paretoproiectfinance.no/terms .

9.

Contact details Pareto Project Finance AS

Pareto Project Finance AS, org. no. 838 583 512 Postal address: P.O. Box 1396 Vika, N - 0114 Oslo, Norway Street address: Dronning Maudsgate 3, 0250 OSLO Telephone: + 47 22878700 Fax: + 47 22878800
www.pareto.no

This Customer Agreement is issued in Norwegian and English versions. In the case of conflict, the Norwegian version is to take precedence.

Place and date:

Client's signature:

Client No.

Client Declaration - Company Clients
New Money Laundering Act of 6 March 2009 The Third EU Money Laundering Directive was implemented in the new Norwegian Money Laundering Act of 6 March 2009. In brief, the Act implies that all financial institutions are required to conduct an assessment of the risk of being exploited for purposes of money laundering or the financing of terrorism. The Act requires Pareto Securities AS to gather information about our clients and to establish the purpose of the client relationship. All information will be kept confidential and in compliance with the Personal Data Act.

Company details

Name (enterprise): E-mail: Permanent address:

Enterprise registration no.:
Telephone/mobile: /

Purpose of the client relationship



Trading in securities and related services

 Other (please specify):

International money transfers Is it likely that the enterprise will make large money transfers to another country/receive large money transfers from another country?

 No  Yes (please specify): Approximate amount per year:

To/from what country:

Ownership details (beneficial owners)

Origin of the funds  Capital held by the enterprise

 Other

If other, please specify:

Does one or more natural persons directly or indirectly control more than 25% of the enterprise/entity on the basis of ownership interests, voting rights or otherwise?

O Yes

O No (If Yes, please complete the below details)

Person 1 (name):

Social security number/D-number (11 digits): Citizenship:

Ownership stake in %:

Person 2 (name):

Social security number/D-number (11 digits): Citizenship:

Ownership stake in %:

Person 3 (name):

Social security number/D-number (11 digits): Citizenship:

Ownership stake in %:

Note: Please enclose/forward ownership documentation (copy of the register of shareholders, partnership agreement or association agreement), as well as certified copies of valid identity documents for the beneficial owners of the Client.

Politically exposed person

Please confirm whether or not any beneficial owner is a politically exposed person (by politically exposed person is meant a natural person who has, during the last year, been entrusted with any prominent public function or position in any other state than Norway, or an immediate family member or close associate of such a person).
 No  Yes (Pareto Securities will request additional details)

I confirm that the information provided above is correct and complete. If there is any material change in the financial circumstances of the company, Pareto Securities AS will be informed thereof.

Place and date:

Signature of person authorised to sign on behalf of the company:

17 November 2011

/'Tareto Project Finance
Private Placement Information Memorandum
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL
Invitation to invest in
Offshore Accommodation IS
- three offshore accommodation barges on bareboat charter with underlying timecharters to Total and Sonangol

Project cost: Committed equity: Min subscription 0.5%:

USD USD USD

94,000,000 40,000,000
200,000

Arranged by
/'Tareto Project Finance AS
October 28th, 2011

Offshore Accommodation IS
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Information memorandum has been prepared in order to provide information about Offshore Accommodation IS ("Offshore Accommodation IS" or the "Company") and its business in connection with the offer of Shares to be issued in the Company. The offer is not a public offer, and does not entail a duty pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act to prepare a prospectus. This Information memorandum is not approved by the Oslo Stock Exchange or registered with the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises.
Information contained in this Information memorandum is obtained by Pareto Project Finance AS ("Pareto Project Finance", "Pareto", or "PPF"). Information is presented to the best of our efforts and knowledge, but Pareto Project Finance AS cannot guarantee that the information is correct or all inclusive. Pareto Project Finance AS takes no responsibility for any loss caused by information given being misleading, wrongful or incomplete nor for any other loss suffered as a consequence of investments made in this project.
This Information memorandum includes and is based on, among other things, forward-looking information and statements. Such forward-looking information and statements are based on the current expectations, estimates and projection of the company or assumptions based on information available to the company and Pareto Project Finance AS. Such forward-looking information and statements reflect current views with respect to future events and are subject risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual events to differ materially from any anticipated development. All investors must verify these assumptions themselves. The company cannot give any assurance as to the correctness of such information and statements.
Please be aware that this information may NOT be used for any other purpose than to evaluate a possible investment in the Company.
The contents of this presentation are not to be construed as legal, business, investment or tax advice. Each recipient should consult with its legal, business, investment and tax advisors as to legal, business, investment and tax advice. Specifically, Pareto Project Finance AS who has been engaged as the company's financial advisor, do not render - and shall not be deemed to render - any advice or recommendations as to a transaction.
Pareto Project Finance AS, its employees, board members, shareholders and/or their closely related or companies in which such person in practice has a controlling position may subscribe for shares after the offer to the investors is closed, provided that this does not result in over-subscription that entails reduced allocation to other investors.
Any investors in this company must on his/her own ensure that the information presented is up to date and correct. If one relies on this Information memorandum as a basis for the purchase of shares at a later date, one must ensure that all relevant and up to date information is obtained. Information presented in the Information memorandum is only up to date as pr. the date on the front page of this private placement offering memorandum, and Pareto Project Finance AS has no responsibility to upgrade or supplement any information given presented in this information memorandum. Potential investors are encouraged to read through the vessel description. All documentation can be obtained by contacting our office.
All inquiries relating to this Information memorandum should be directed to Pareto Project Finance AS. No other person has been authorized to give any information about, or make any representation on behalf of the Company, and, if given or made, such other information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Company or Pareto Project Finance AS.
This material is strictly confidential and should not be disclosed, reproduced or redistributed, in whole or in part, to any other person to anyone except by written approval by Pareto Project Finance AS.
This Information memorandum is subject to Norwegian law, and any dispute arising in respect of this presentation is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of Norwegian courts.
We emphasize that investments in shipping/offshore projects can involve great risks. All investors must be prepared that such an investment can cause a partial or total loss of the investment. Investors who neither can nor want to incur such risk should not enter into these types of investments (see Chapter 8 "Risk").

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 2

Table of Contents

Offshore Accommodation IS

1. SUMMARY......................................................................................................................................................................4 2. TRANSACTION DETAILS AND FINANCING...................................................................................................... 6 3. THE BARGES...............................................................................................................................................................14 4. RETURN ON INVESTMENT.................................................................................................................................... 16 5. MARKET.......................................................................................................................................................................20 6. SILENT PARTNERSHIP........................................................................................................................................... 23 7. TAX CONSIDERATIONS.......................................................................................................................................... 25 8. RISK ............................................................................................................................................................................... 27 9. SUBSCRIPTION OF SHARES..................................................................................................................................29

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 3

Offshore Accommodation IS
1. SUMMARY______________________________________________________
This summary should be read as an introduction to the Information memorandum and in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety, by the more detailed information and appendices appearing elsewhere in this Information memorandum. Any decision to invest in the Shares should be based on a consideration o f the Information memorandum as a whole by the investor. In particular should potential investors carefully consider the risks addressed in chapter 8 "Risk".
1.1 PROJECT SUMMARY
Pareto Project Finance has agreed with Marine Subsea AS ("Marine Subsea" or "MS") and its bondholders an acquisition of the three offshore accommodation barges `African Installer', `African Worker', and `African Lifter' (collectively the "Barges" or "Vessels") by the special purpose company Offshore Accommodation AS (herein collectively with Offshore Accommodation IS referred to as "Offshore Accommodation") for USD 90m en-bloc. All three Barges are currently on long-term contracts to Sonangol and Total in Angola (the "Timecharter" or "TC").
Marine Subsea is in multiple defaults on their high-yield bond-debt used to finance two state-of-the-art well-intervention vessels, which were subject to a forced sale earlier this year. However, Marine Subsea has for a long time also been involved in the accommodation barge market in West Africa, where they have been very successful. Pareto has witnessed this success first hand through Parbarge IS/AS ("Parbarge"), an accommodation barge project set up by Pareto in July 2008. Parbarge has two fullyowned accommodation barges on long-term bareboat charter to Marine Subsea, also with underlying contracts to oil majors. Both underlying contracts have been extended since project start-up. To date, Parbarge has received approximately USD 45m in bareboat charter hire from Marine Subsea with no disruption of cash-flow despite said default situation.
As a result of long-lasting negotiations, Marine Subsea and their bondholders have now agreed to a restructuring of Marine Subsea with the creation of a new pure accommodation company formed by former MS principals. This new company will be called African Offshore Services AS (herein collectively with its affiliates called "AOS"). AOS will charter the Barges on a bareboat basis and has also offered to take over the bareboat leases of Parbarge.
The outstanding debt in Marine Subsea with pledge in the Barges exceeds USD 300m. However, Offshore Accommodation has agreed to purchase the Barges from defaulting Marine Subsea for an unencumbered purchase price of USD 90m en-bloc on a cash- and debt-free basis.
The Vessels will be chartered to AOS on a 10-year come hell or high water bareboat (the "Bareboat"), with the underlying contracts with Sonangol or Total attached - contracts with an EBITDA backlog of ~ USD 50m. The proceeds from the sale will go to the creditors of Marine Subsea.
The Bareboat rate affords a high dividend payout of 16% over the first 5 years, or 21% average over the entire 10-year period - even with full repayment of the project debt within 4 years from start-up. The estimated return to equity investors ranges from 18% to 22% based on the exercise of the put or call option after years 10 and 5, respectively.

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 4

Offshore Accommodation IS
1.2 KEY TAKEAWAY POINTS
Underlying contract to oil majors · 10-year front-heavy `hell or high water' bareboat to AOS · All barges are mobilised and working on existing contracts in West Africa · Average underlying contracts to oil majors Total and Sonangol of ~ 2.5 years. BB hire in the same period of ~ 46.5 mill, equal to approximately 50% of the project cost
Control of cashflow · All timecharter hire paid to AOS net of operating costs (OPEX) will be escrowed in favour of debt service · Release of funds to AOS will only be possible when the current contract backlog exceeds the debt maturity of Offshore Accommodation
Operational control of assets · The commercial manager of Offshore Accommodation will be the Swiss company Gesmar-CH SA ("Gesmar"), with a 10% ownership in the project · Gesmar has been the technical manager of the barges since 2007, and will have an irrevocable management contract with AOS to continue as manager for the barges for at least another 5 years · Offshore Accommodation will thus have good technical/operational control of the assets · Gesmar has an office in Angola with ~ 200 employees focused on technical management/inspections · Gesmar has long-lasting relationships with both Total and Sonangol
High returns/high yield · Average annual dividend yield of 21% · Estimated equity IRR of 22% on call option in year 5 (unlevered return of 16.5%) · Estimated equity IRR of 18% on put option in year 10 (unlevered return of 14.5%) · Full repayment of bank debt in 4 years · Significant room for refinancing to accelerate dividends and further increase IRR on equity
Standard tonnage · Barges typically used for accommodation and construction support · All barges are built in Asian yards (two at Jaya and one in Yantai) with long experience with building similar assets · The barges are already mobilised to Angola, and working on underlying contracts · Standard specification with 8-point mooring, 3-400 berths and 150-300 tonnes crane
Favourable market and strong market position · West-Africa holds around 5% of world oil reserves and 4.5% of the world's production · Growing demand in West-Africa is driven by offshore fixed/floating field developments, growth in maintenance on operating fields and decommissioning · High barriers to entry in the Angolan offshore market · AOS is the largest operator of accommodation barges in Angola

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 5

Offshore Accommodation IS

2. TRANSACTION DETAILS AND FINANCING_______________________
Please note that the estimates shown are based on estimates made by Pareto Project Finance AS. The estimates are based on fair assumptions supported by objective data. The estimates are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual events to differ materially from any anticipated development. Please be aware o f that this information may NOT be used for any other purpose than to evaluate a possible investment in the Company.

2.1 TRANSACTION DESCRIPTION
Pareto Project Finance AS (PPF) has on behalf of Offshore Accommodation signed a Term Sheet with AOS for a 10-year bareboat charter of three modern accommodation work barges built in 2009. The Barges will be purchased for USDm 90 en-bloc (USDm 30 per barge), which is in line with current broker valuations.
Post purchase, the Barges will be employed on a front-heavy come hell or high water bareboat charter guaranteed by AOS. The charter hire over the first five years will be USD 17,000 per barge per day, and USD 10,000 per barge per day for the remaining five years. The bareboat charters will be supported by underlying timecharter contracts to Total and Sonangol for an average of 2.5 years, during which period the accumulated Bareboat charter hire will total USD ~46.5m, or approximately 50% of the total project cost.
The Timecharter hire paid by Total and Sonangol to AOS will be paid into a joint escrow account until AOS has secured extensions on the underlying Timecharter contracts to match the terms of the loan (four years), versus the current two and a half years.
AOS has been granted an option to purchase the Barges for USD 66m en-bloc after the fifth project year. Offshore Accommodation holds a put option, enabling it to sell the Barges for USD 37.5m en-bloc at the end of the tenth project year back to AOS.

2.2 SOURCES AND USES
Offshore Accommodation AS has received an indicative term-sheet for USD 54m (60% of the purchase price) of non-recourse bank financing from an international shipping bank. The total sources and uses are as follows.

Uses of funds USD 90.0 million USD 2.4 million USD 1.6 million
USD 94.0 million

Purchase price Arrangement fee Setup, admin & bank fees
Total uses of funds

Bank debt Paid-in equity
Total uses of funds

Sources of funds USD 54.0 million* USD 40.0 million
USD 94.0 million

The bank debt indicated has a tenor of four years, during which period the Bareboat hire income is projected to enable a complete bank debt paydown. The interest rate on the bank debt is calculated based on a margin of 375 basispoints and a 110 basispoints swap rate (current 4-year swap rate).
NB: The loan agreementfor the bank debt (marked * in the above table) has not yet been finalized, and the figures shown throughout this Private Placement Information Memorandum are based on an indicative termsheet receivedfrom a leading international shipping bank. Final terms may varyfrom this assumed bankfinancing, in terms o f re-payment profile, margin and loan amount.

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 6

Offshore Accommodation IS
2.3 VESSEL SALE AND TRIGGER CLAUSE The IS shareholder's agreement will have a sales trigger clause, governing how shareholders can trigger a sale of one or more of the Barges. The trigger clause states that any shareholder in the IS who alone, or jointly, controls 20% of the shares, can exercise the clause and force the sale of the Vessel(s).

2.4 COMMERCIAL MANAGEMENT AND LEAD INVESTOR
The role of the commercial manager will include: · Look after the company's interests towards the charterer · Organise and perform vessel surveys and pre-purchase and redelivery inspections · Prepare inspection reports · Review of Class records · Marine insurance and claim handlings · Budgetary control
Gesmar-CH SA will be the commercial manager and lead investor in this project, investing USD 4m or 10% of the equity portion of the project. Gesmar has been technical manager for the Barges since it was appointed by Marine Subsea as shipmanager for their five accommodation / work barges in 2007. Two of these barges are already owned by Parbarge AS/IS, a project set up Pareto Project Finance AS in 2008. For the remaining three barges, constituting the Barges which are to be acquired by Offshore Accommodation, Gesmar will enter into a 5-year irrevocable technical management contract with AOS and Offhsore Accommodation, thus giving it good control of the operation of the Barges. In the event of a sale of one or more of the Vessels before the end of the fifth year of the project, the new owner(s) shall be obliged to use Gesmar as technical manager for the acquired Barge(s) until the end of said period (5 years from project start) - alternatively, the new owner(s) shall compensate Gesmar for the lost profit during said period.
Gesmar was founded in 1998 by Nicolas Margonis in Lausanne, Switzerland, and currently has offices in Lausanne (headquarters) and Paris. In addition, Gesmar has a large presence in Angola, West Africa, with over 200 employees (approximately split 50%/50% into expatriates/local employees). Of these over 200 marine and technical experts, the majority is assigned to the offshore oil industry and to newbuilding projects. Gesmar's personnel support marine operations of accommodation barges, floating production and offloading units, and the staff includes hull inspectors, paint surveyors, and other specialised experts. Further, Gesmar established Gesmarswiss-Angola LDA in 2010, providing management support for expat and local crew, logistics management for spare parts and personal protective equipment, as well as advisory services to Marine Subsea and its clients Sonangol and Total E&P Angola. Four of the five Barges which Gesmar currently has shipmanagement contracts on operate offshore Angola, with the fifth operating in Congo. These existing shipmanagement contracts generally include technical and operations management including planned maintenance systems, safety management systems and ISPS procedures, supply of local and expat deck and engine crewmembers.
More details about Gesmar can be found under www.gesmar.ch.

Offshore Accommodation project

Parbarge I project

African Installer Angola

African Worker Angola

African Lifter Angola

Barges currently under shipmanagement contracts with Gesmar.

African Fjord Congo

African Caribe Angola

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 7

Offshore Accommodation IS
2.5 BAREBOAT CHARTERER
AOS was newly established by former Marine Subsea principals. Led by CEO Kristen Jakobsen, AOS has a proven track record with accommodation barges in West Africa, with strong local relationships and a fully functional organisation in place. Following an uncomplicated business model with predictable cash flows, AOS will take over certain assets and contracts currently held by Marine Subsea. The company is committed to growth through fleet expansion within the same segment and seeks to combine strong contract counterparties with an outsourced, predictable cost base. AOS has access to infrastructure and logistics through their sister company Orlean Invest, controlled by AOS' largest shareholder. Further it has ownership in an Angolan entity, meeting local content requirements. Having strong connections to Sonangol and other oil majors operating in West Africa, AOS is on the list of bidders with all oil majors operating locally.

Post completion of this project, AOS' pro-forma financials show a healthy margin. This assumes that five barges are chartered in on bareboat charters as follows:
· Caribe & Fjord (USD/day): 14,750 first 3 years, 9,750 next 4 years, 7,000 thereafter · Worker, Lifter & Installer (USD/day): 17,000 first 5 years, 10,000 last 5 years

Given these assumptions, AOS' proforma financials look as below

African Offshore Services
P&L (USDm) Caribe Fjord Worker Lifter Installer Interoil Angola SG&A EBITDA after tax

All barges financed with lease

Period ending June

2012

2013

6,8

7,9

9,1

9,1

8,1

6,4

7,4

7,4

7,9

7,9

1,5

1,5

-3,0

-3,0

37,8

37,2

2014 7,9 9,1 7,4 7,4 7,9 1,5 -3,0
38,2

2015 7,9 8,1 7,4 6,3 7,9 1,5 -3,0
36,1

2016 7,9 9,1 7,4 7,4 6,9 1,5 -3,0
37,2

2017 7,9 9,1 7,4 7,4 7,9 1,5 -3,0
38,2

Depreciation (20 years) EBIT

-6,5

-6,5

-6,5

-6,5

-6,5

-6,5

31,3

30,8

31,8

29,6

30,8

31,8

Interest Lease Financing Total financial costs

-20,4 -20,4

-19,1 -19,1

-17,6 -17,6

-15,8 -15,8

-14,4 -14,4

-12,7 -12,7

Net Profit

11,0

11,7

14,2

13,8

16,4

19,0

2018 7,9 9,1 7,4 7,4 7,9 1,5 -3,0
38,2
-6,5 31,8
-12,0 -12,0
19,8

2019 7,9 9,1 7,4 7,4 7,9 1,5 -3,0
38,2
-6,5 31,8
-11,1 -11,1
20,7

Cash flow (USDm) EBITDA after tax Total financial costs Capex Amortization Lease Financing Cash flow

2012 37,8 -20,4 -1,0 -9,0
7,4

2013 37,2 -19,1 -1,0 -10,3
6,9

2014 38,2 -17,6 -1,0 -11,8
7,9

2015 36,1 -15,8 -1,0 -9,9
9,4

2016 37,2 -14,4 -4,6 -11,3
6,9

2017 38,2 -12,7 -6,4 -5,3 13,8

2018 38,2 -12,0 -1,0 -6,1 19,2

2019 38,2 -11,1 -1,0 -5,0 21,2

Balance sheet (USDm) Barges Interoil Angola Trade receivables Cash Total Assets

2011 129,5
7,0 6,3 1,7 144,5

2012 124,0
7,0 6,3 9,2 146,4

2013 118,5
7,0 6,3 16,0 147,8

2014 113,0
7,0 6,3 23,9 150,2

2015 107,6
7,0 6,3 33,2 154,1

Equity Lease financing Trade payables Equity & Liabilities Check

14,5 %

140,0
4,5 144,5
-

11,0 131,0
4,5 146,4
-

22,7 120,7
4,5 147,8
-

36,9 108,8
4,5 150,2
-

50,7 98,9
4,5 154,1
-

Net debt Net debt / EBITDA after tax

138,3

121,8

104,6

85,0

65,7

1,6

2,8

2,2

1,8

AOS has a significant backlog on the following barges: · Caribe - Saipem until December 2011

2016 105,7
7,0 6,3 40,1 159,1
67,1 87,6
4,5 159,1
-
47,4 1,3

2017 105,6
7,0 6,3 53,9 172,8
86,1 82,3
4,5 172,8
-
28,3 0,7

2018 100,2
7,0 6,3 73,1 186,5
105,9 76,2
4,5 186,5
-
3,1 0,1

2019 94,7
7,0 6,3 94,3 202,2
126,6 71,2
4,5 202,2
-
-23,1 -0,6

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 8

Offshore Accommodation IS
· Fjord - ENI until January 2014 · Worker - Total until February 2013 · Lifter - Sonangol until June 2015 · Installer - until March 2014 Led by Kristen Jakobsen, AOS' organisation is structured as follows:

Finance & Accounting

Operations

Their presence in Angola, headed by Marco Marini, is further illustrated by the following organisational chart of AOS' organisation in Angola:

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 9

Offshore Accommodation IS

2.6 BAREBOAT CHARTER MAIN TERMS

Pareto Project Finance has signed a term sheet with AOS who will enter into a Hell & High water bareboat charter party with Offshore Accommodation AS, based on BIMCO standard Bareboat Charter "Barecon 2001". The main terms are illustrated in the below table

Charterer

African Worker:

AOS Worker Ltd, a SPC owned 100% by AOS

Guarantor Contract Term Bareboat rate
Technical manager Delivery Dry dock

African Lifter & African Installer: AOS Lifter Ltd & AOS Installer Ltd, two SPCs owned 75% by AOS and 25% by Sonangol P&P African Offshore Services AS Hell and High Water based on Barecon 2001 with amendments 10 years, subject to call option after year 5 and put option after year 10 Years 1-5: USD 17,000 per Barge per day Years 6-10: USD 10,000 per Barge per day Gesmar-CH SA (Gesmar) Scheduled around the end of November / beginning of December 2011 Owner has the right to perform inspections and to attend dry dockings

2.7 LEGAL STRUCTURE OF BAREBOAT CHARTERER

Legal Structure

African O ffshore Services Holding Ltd is th e sole shareholder in all subsidiariesJ unless otherwise defined. 1) 51% ow ned by Angolan citizen 2) Owned to gether with C1MC Raffles and Sonangol P&P 3) Will be owned to gether w ith Sonangol P&P (25%) 4) W ill be owned together w ith Sonangol P&P (25%)
Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 10

Offshore Accommodation IS
2.8 UNDERLYING CONTRACT COVERAGE TO OIL MAJORS Due to regulations, it has been preferable to fix charters for a maximum of 3 years rather than for longer periods, even though the charterers need the units for a longer period of time. The following overview shows the existing contracts and options on the Barges:
Vessel African Installer African Worker African Lifter

Both Sonangol and Total are well-established oil companies:

Sonangol
^ To ta l

Sonangol is the national oil company of Angola. It was established in 1976 from a previous SACOR division when Angola received their independence from Portugal. Sonangol is responsible for the management of hydrocarbon resources in Angola.
Total is one of the world's leading international oil & gas companies. They operate in over 130 countries, and within both upstream and downstream industrial segments. Total has a strong presence in a number of African countries. The African continent amounts to 32% of Total's oil and gas production.

2.9 BUSINESS MANAGEMENT
The business manager for Offshore
/^Pareto Accommodation will be Pareto Business Business M anagem ent AS Management AS. Pareto Business Management AS will look after the company's interests towards shareholders, prepare tax information for the participants and the company, prepare annual reports, organize board meetings and general meetings, in addition to try and maintain a secondary market for the shares. All secondary trading of shares in the IS shall be handled through Pareto Business Management AS/the Equity Sales department of Pareto Project Finance AS. Further information about the company can be found at: http://www.pareto.no.
Pareto Business Management AS currently acts as business manager for about 70 different companies, of which about half are shipping and offshore companies with an underlying asset value of approximately USD 1.7 billion. A draft version of the business management agreement can be received upon direct request to PPF.
The business manager shall be employed with an irrevocable contract, with duration for as long as Offshore Accommodation exists.

2.10 FEES AND PROVISIONS
In connection with the arrangement and set-up of the company, Pareto Project Finance AS ("PPF") will receive a 2.55% fee calculated on the project price, or USD 2.4 million (6.0% of committed equity). If/when the Barge(s) is/are sold PPF will receive a sales commission equal to 1% of the sales price of the Barge(s).

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 11

Offshore Accommodation IS Pareto Business Management, a 100% subsidiary of PPF, will conduct the business management of the company and receive USD 130,000 p.a. for their services.
Gesmar will be the Commercial Manager and `disponent' owner and will receive a USD 130,000 p.a. fee for its services.
Other project costs will include legal and bank financing fees as well as audit fees.
2.11 IS COMPANY STRUCTURE The following is a graphical representation of the company structure in Offshore Invest IS/AS.

2.12 CASH FLOW MANAGEMENT

Additional security is provided to investors through the use of a Joint Escrow Account. All Timecharter

hire paid by Total and Sonangol

to AOS will be paid into this

Joint Escrow Account until

secured extensions on the underlying Timecharter contracts to match the terms of the loan (four years).

The current average underlying contract duration is two and a half years.

The only cash being paid from the escrow account is the bareboat hire to Offshore Accommodation and the cash to cover the operating costs to AOS (both on a monthly basis). Thus on a cash basis, Offshore Accommodation has already `stepped into' the underlying contracts from day one if AOS should default, as all free cash beyond OPEX and Bareboat-hire will be locked in on the escrow.

AOS has a healthy margin between the Bareboat-hire and the underlying Timecharters less operating costs. According to proforma numbers from AOS, their EBITDA backlog (timecharter less operating costs) is approximately USD 54 mill (excluding options). The Bareboat charter hire over the same period

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 12

Offshore Accommodation IS
is approximately USD 46.5m, implying that a substantial cash position will have accumulated on the escrow over the period.

2.13 BACKGROUND FOR THE PROJECT The ultimate seller of the barges described herein, Marine Subsea AS (Marine Subsea or MS), was incepted on 9 October 2006 as an oil service company mainly focused on subsea construction, well intervention and offshore accommodation in the West African sector.
The Board of Marine Subsea concluded during the third quarter of 2010 that MS did not have the sufficient organizational and financial resources to continue its activities within the Subsea Construction & Well Intervention market. MS defaulted on its loan agreements and were forced to sell the multipurpose intervention vessels MV Sarah and MV Karianne in the beginning of 2011.
After exiting the Subsea Construction & Well Intervention business, the Group now has activities in Offshore Accommodation and Chartering & Logistics, a business area which has been profitable since 2008.
In its annual report for 2010 the board of Marine Subsea communicates that the company is currently insolvent and that the main objectives of the board is to secure the highest possible return for its creditors.
The company is left with 3 accommodation barges and one semi accommodation rig under construction financed with two Bond loans, Series I and Series II, where Series I has security in the barges and Series II has security in the accommodation semi rig under construction. The outstanding debt as of June 16th 2011 under Series I is USD 295 million and under Series II USD 80.5 million.
In 2010, the main shareholders of MS, Gian Angelo Perrucci and Mårten Rød established African Offshore Services AS (AOS) together with MS managing director Kristen Jakobsen with the goal of taking over the accommodation activities of Marine Subsea through finding an agreement with MS creditors.
AOS, MS and the bondholders of MS have come to an agreement where AOS has indicated that they are willing to purchase the full barge operations including working capital, current charter agreements, and related operations. Furthermore, Offshore Accommodation AS has agreed with AOS, MS and the bondholders of MS that Offshore Accommodation IS will buy the three accommodation barges, African Lifter, African Worker and African Installer for a price of MUSD 90. Following the transaction Offshore Accommodation IS will become the owner of the assets, free from any encumbrances, liens or other obligations towards all current creditors in MS.
Bondholders will release all MS subsidiaries from their pledges and obligations as a consequence of the transaction described in this presentation.
More information about the history of MS can be found at their website: www.marinesubsea.com

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 13

3. THE BARGES

Offshore Accommodation IS

The three Barges are modem units, constructed between 2008 and 2009 at Yantai, China, and Jaya, Singapore. For details around the legal structure of the charterer please refer to section 2.7 of this document.

3.1 AFRICAN INSTALLER

Main Features
Nam e Length O verall B readt M o u ld e d D ep th M o u ld e d B u ilt Y a rd F la g C lass C le a r D eck A rea A cco m m o d a tio n M o o rin g Deck Crane

African Installer 100.58 m 31.7 m 7.31 m 2008 Jaya Cyprus ABS 1,300 sqm 300 berths 8 x single drum electro-hydraulic 1x1,300 mt Huisman pedestal-mounted

The African Installer is currently on a 3-year contract with Sonangol P&P, operating as an accommodation and work barge in connection with platform upgrades in Block 3 offshore in Angola.

The contract, which is with AOS Installer Ltd (a subsidiary of AOS Holding Ltd) is due to expire in March 2014, but carries two 1-year extension options, exercisable by Sonangol. Including 22 crew members, the contract is for USD 37,670 per day, which yields an annual EBITDA of USD 8.9m, or USD 8.1m in post-tax cash flow.

3.2 AFRICAN WORKER Pareto Project Finance AS

Main Features
Nam e Length O verall B readt M o u ld e d D epth M o u ld e d B u ilt Y a rd F la g C lass C le a r D eck A re a A cco m m o d a tion M o o rin g D eck Crane

African Worker 100.58 m 31.7 m 7.31 m 2009 Jaya Cyprus ABS 1,300 sqm 300 berths 8 x single drum electro-hydraulic 1x1,300 mt Huisman pedestal-mounted
Page 14

Offshore Accommodation IS
The African Worker is currently on a 3-year contract with Total E&P Angola, expiring in February 2013. The barge is presently moored at a water depth of 1,500 metres on Block 17 close to the Girassol FPSO field offshore Angola, and it provides accommodation for maintenance personnel working on the FPSO for TOTAL.
The contract, which is with AOS Worker Ltd (a wholly owned subsidiary of AOS Holding Ltd), is for a total of USD 64,000 per day, with USD 44,500 per day in charter hire for the barge, USD 12,500 per day in catering, and USD 7,000 per day in mooring. In aggregate, the contract yields an EBITDA of USD 9.4m, or USD 8m in post-tax cash flow before financing costs.

3.3 AFRICAN LIFTER

Main Features
Nam e Length O verall Breadt M o u ld ed Depth M o u ld ed B u ilt Yard Flag Class Clear Deck Area Accom m odation M ooring Deck Crane

A fric a n L ifte r 102.6 m 30 m 6m 2009 Y a n ta i C y p ru s ABS 950 sqm 400 berths 4 x d o u b le d ru m e le c tric d rive n 1x150 m t C ra w le r C ran e

The African Lifter operates in Block 2 offshore in Angola on a 5-year contract with Sonangol P&P, with expiry in June 2015.

The contract, which is with AOS Lifter Ltd (a subsidiary of AOS Holding Ltd) includes 21 crew members and is for a total of USD 37,670 per day. Annually, the contract yields an EBITDA of USD 8.2m, or USD 7.4m in post-tax cash flow.

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 15

Offshore Accommodation IS

4. RETURN ON INVESTMENT_______________________________________
Please note that the estimates shown are based on estimates made by Pareto Project Finance AS. The estimates are based on fair assumptions supported by objective data. The estimates are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual events to differ materially from any anticipated development. Please be aware o f that this information may NOT be used fo r any other purpose than to evaluate a possible investment in the Company.
Please also note that all dividends will be subject to, amongst other things, bank approval, which is assumed granted in this chapter and throughout this Private Placement Information Memorandum.
4.1 P R O J E C T C A S H F L O W
Based on the front-heavy underlying Bareboat charters, the Barges generate significant cash flow over project period, with a near complete payback of the total project investment within five years from project start:

Unlevered cash flow sufficient to pay back total investment in ~5 years

mUSD 200

180 160 Rapid payback of enterprise value

140

120

100

80

60

40 20

II

0

III

10

Free cash flo w Put option

Purchase o p tio n Total pro je ct costs

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 16

Offshore Accommodation IS
4.2 BASE CASE RETURN
In the base case, the project debt is completely repaid during the first four years of operations, and there is no refinancing. The range of internal rates of return (IRR) achievable for investors depends on the exercise of options. Assuming that the purchase option at USD 66m en-bloc is exercised at the end of year five of operations, the equity IRR becomes 22%.
Strong cash flow and dividend capacity before asset sale

mUSD 20 18 16 14 12 10
8 6 4 2 0

5-year average running yield: 16%

1

2

3

4

51

10-year average running yield: 21%

6

7

8

9

10 1

 D ebt paym ents  Interests  Cash reserve b u ild -u p  Dividend
All dividends are subject to bank approval
Even with aggressive debt repayment - equity is paid back rapidly

mUSD 140

5-year IRR: 22%
on call option

10-year IRR: 18%
on put option

120 100

80

60

40

II

20

III

0

6

7

8

9

10

I Accumulated dividend

Purchase option

Put option

Equity investment

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 17

Offshore Accommodation IS
If however the put option at the end of year 10 is exercised at USD 37.5m en-bloc, the equity IRR becomes 18%. This still leaves a potential for further upside from asset appreciation in the second half of the project period.

4.3 REFINANCING SCENARIO
When the underlying charters are renewed, the project has the potential to generate a substantial surplus through refinancing.

Distribution of cash flows before asset sale

mUSD 60
50

10-year IRR on put option: 20%
Large distribution possible through refinancing debt free asset

40

30

-----------------------------------------1

20 10

-,,Mj

01

1

12

1

1

1

--

1

1

1

1

1

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

 Debt payments  Interests  Cash reserve build-up  Dividend

5-year avg. running yield: 30%

10-year avg. running yield: 20%

Assuming a refinancing of USD 36m at the end of the fourth year of the project, with a 6-year loan with a 6-year payback profile, the equity IRR in case of exercise of the put option rises from 18% to 20%. The equity IRR in the case of exercise of the call option in this refinancing scenario remains largely unchanged at 22%.
In this scenario, approximately USD 60m are paid back to investors within 5 years of project start - on the USD 40m initial investment. This excludes an asset sale and leaves the investors with 5 years of remaining Bareboat charter hire (assuming the option after year 5 is not exercised).
It is therefore clear that a refinancing scenario can provide a notable equity IRR booster.

4.4 FINANCING
The three Barges will be acquired for a total of USD 90 million (USD 30 million per unit). The external financing consist (tentatively) of a non-recourse USD 54m bank loan, with a 4-year repayment profile. The interest rate on the bank debt is calculated based on a margin of 375 basispoints and a 110 basispoints swap rate (current 4-year swap rate). This bank loan will take first priority mortgage in the Barges.
Strong control of underlying cashflows is secured as the Timecharter payments are paid into a project account, from which the Bareboat is paid into Offshore Accommodation's earnings account, whilst OPEX and SG&A are released to AOS. The remaining funds flow to a blocked Contract Extension Account and are not released to AOS before the Timecharters are extended beyond the loan maturity (minimum 4 years). More details can be found in section 2.12 ("Cash Flow Management").

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 18

Offshore Accommodation IS 4.5 ASSUMPTIONS FOR CASH FLOW

Transaction

Project cost: Bank debt: Equity: Bareboat term: Bareboat rate:
Charterers purchase option: Owners put option: Estimated SG&A:

USD 94.0 mill USD 54.0 mill USD 40.0 mill 10 years Y ear 1-5: USD 17 000 per day per barge Year 6-10: USD 10 000 per day per barge End o f year 5: USD 66.0 mill en-bloc End o f year 10: USD 37.5 mill en-bloc USD 325.000 per annum 2 % annual increase

Bank terms

Loan amount: Interest rate all inclusive T ranche 1:
Loan amount: Profile: Repayments: Ballon: M a tu rity:

USD 54.0 mill 485 bp per annum
USD 75 mill 4 years 16 quarterly installments of USD 3.375.000 USD 0.0 mill 4 years

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 19

Offshore Accommodation IS
5. MARKET
5.1 OFFSHORE MARKET IN GENERAL After a turbulent period with the oil price plummeting down to USD 35/bbl, the price climbed back to USD 70/bbl before the end 2009. Now, at the beginning of a new decade, the oil price seems to have stabilized in the USD/bbl 90-110 range. The fundamentals for the offshore markets have been positive on long term through the financial crisis and they remain strong.

Upside

u Nominal spending growth (Ihs)

Average Brent (rhs)

E&P spending growth vs. Brent - Source: Pareto Securities

Demand for oil will continue to grow, driven by increasing population, and demand for better living standards. According to the IEA, demand for oil is expected to grow by 1% p.a. from 85 million barrels per day in 2008 to 105 million barrels per day in 2030. We expect this to be led by emerging regions including Asia, Middle East, and India.

Change in E&P spending ($bn)

Majors/NOCs BP Chevron ConocoPhilips Exxon Pemex Petrobras Statoil Shell Total

2010 8 19 9 27 16 20 13 20 15

2011 9 23 10 29 18 26 14 21 16

Independents Anadarko Hess Husky Lundin Marathon Noble Energy Premier Oil

4

5

4

6

3

4

0

1

3

3

2

3

1

1

In total (extended selection)

188

214

Year-on-Year 10% 20% 21% 7% 13% 31% 14% 5% 6%
14% 24% 20% 38% 29% 34% 21%

According to Pareto's annual E&P Survey, oil companies have indicated an average investment planning price of USD 50/bbl. On this basis, it is expected to see a 14% growth in offshore E&P spending in 2011. This view has already been supported by recent oil companies' announcements.
The organic reserve replacement ratio has been declining since 1999, despite oil companies increasing their E&P spending steadily over the same period. In order to meet the demand for oil going forward, and prevent significant net depletion of oil reserves, oil companies will be forced to increase production levels. The only foreseeable way of achieving this is by continued increased investments, bringing new fields into production. Below is an illustration of the reserve replacement ratio and E&P spending, the reserve replacement ratio has been below 1 for almost 10 years.

14%

Source: Pareto, IEA

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 20

Offshore Accommodation IS

5.2 ACCOMODATION MARKET OVERVIEW
The offshore accommodation market is highly fragmented niche market with 42 contractors operating approximately 90 units in total. The fleet consist of 45% barges, 30% jackups, 20% semisubmersible units and 5% monohull vessels.

Contractors of units with accommodation between 150-350
Petra Perdana 10%
3M S
10%

Others
54%

Sea Trucks
HI

Prosale Manne Subsea
Pacific Radiance

The demand side is also fragmented, with 32 different disclosed buyers leasing 68 units on contract in 2010. However, the seven largest buyers accounted for 46% of the total demand for accommodation barges.
Of the 31 contractors with units capable of accommodating 150-350 people, only 10 contractors operate two units or more

Over the coming years, solid growth in offshore accommodation demand is expected.

Accommodation units represent a cost-optimal and effective solution for the accommodation of large groups of personnel in the oil and gas industry due to their:
· Large capacity for accommodation and catering services · Open deck space for storage and work stations · Cranes for construction support work · Supply of power and fresh water to the host platform

70 % of

the work performed by

accommodation units is

related to

inspection, maintenan

activities. Traditionally, demand has been driven by regions with an increasing installed base of ageing

offshore installations such as the North Sea and Gulf of Mexico. However, in recent years, installation-

related demand growth has picked up heavily, a trend that is expected to continue. This has led to strong

demand in less traditional accommodation markets like Africa and Asia-Pacific where a continuing

increase of offshore installations takes place.

The current fleet of around 90 units is basically split in half with 44% being less than five years and another 44% being over 26 years of age. The current orderbook amounts to around 15 units, however due to delays and cancelling the fleet is expected to reach 100 units only by the end of 2013.

Until the recent newbuild boom, the offshore accommodation fleet was ageing. Although units are upgraded and refurbished to facilitate new regulations and increased demand for high quality accommodation, newer units will be preferred.
Source: Pareto, ODS Petrodata

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 21

Offshore Accommodation IS
5.3 AFRICAN ACCOMODATION MARKET The African offshore accommodation market is less fragmented with oil majors driving the demand - the three largest buyers accounted for 65% of demand in 2010

Further, there are only two suppliers with 1,000 beds or more in capacity

Only 2 suppliers with more than 1,000 beds

Contractor

Location

Barges

AOS/Marine Subsea Sea Trucks Exmar Offshore Intership ABC Maritime

Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa

5 barges (4 in 2010) 5 barges + 1 NB 2 3 barges 1

So far, AOS barges have been used by four of the five largest charterers in West Africa, making AOS a very experienced operator and ensuring familiarity of the oil majors with the assets:
· African Caribe (Dynamic/Chevron 2008-2009, Saipem 2009 -) · African Fjord (Diamond/ENI 2008 - ) · African Installer (Sonangol) · African Lifter (Sonangol) · African Worker - Total (2010 -)

Another characteristic of the African offshore accommodation market is that barges are the preferred solution, rather than semis which are preferred in the Americas or Jackups which are the preferred solution in Europe and the Middle East. Asia-Pacific is another barge-dominated market when it comes to offshore accommodation.

Pareto Project Finance AS

Source: Pareto, ODS Petrodata Page 22

Offshore Accommodation IS
6. SILENT PARTNERSHIP__________________________________________
6.1 INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this section is to give a general introduction to Norwegian corporate and tax law pertaining to Silent Partnerships (Indre Selskap).
6.2 CORPORATE LAW
6.2.1 General
A silent partnership is a special kind of partnership, and as such, is governed by the Norwegian Partnership Act (selskapsloven). A silent partnership consists of a general partner (hovedmann/"Principal") and at least one silent partner (stille deltaker). The general partner has an unlimited liability for the partnerships obligations, whereas the silent partners have a limited liability. The general partner may, and will normally be, a limited liability company.
In contrast to an ordinary partnership, the silent partnership does not publicly act or appear as a partnership in towards contractual partners and other third parties. The silent partners can not represent or commit the silent partnership in any way or form.
The general partner of the silent partnership carries out the business of the silent partnership. The general partner acts in its own name and assumes all rights and obligations towards third parties. Internally, between the general partner and the silent partners, the rights and obligations are normally divided according to a partnership agreement.
6.2.2 Legal Basis
The legal basis of a silent partnership is laid down in a partnership agreement. There are no formal requirements that have to be met. Only a limited number of the statutory provisions of the Partnership Act apply to silent partnerships and as a result the rights and obligations of the partners may have to be set out in greater detail in the partnership agreement of a silent partnership compared to other partnerships.
6.2.3 Partnership Capital
There are no specific requirements for the capital of a silent partnership, as opposed to a limited partnership. The silent partnership thus gives greater flexibility with regards to the calling of additional capital and the distribution of profits than a limited partnership.
6.2.4 Partnership meeting etc.
According to the Partnership Act section 2-8 (2) silent partners may not be members of the partnership meeting. Thus, in a silent partnership with one general manager and several silent partners there is no partnership meeting as such. The silent partners may be given a right through meetings to instruct the general manager on certain matters. Furthermore, the silent partners may be given veto-rights in respect to the operations of the partnership.
6.2.5 Registration
A silent partnership is not registered in the Norwegian Corporate Registry (Foretaksregisteret). The fact that the silent partnership is not registered in the Corporate Registry is attractive to investors wishing discretion regarding their investments.

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 23

Offshore Accommodation IS
6.3 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
This section contains important clauses of shareholders agreement
6.3.1 Trigger Clause
Partners who individually or jointly represent 20% or more of the Partnership Capital may at any time request the Principal to put up for sale either (i) all of the Silent Partners' shares in the Partnership and all the shares in the Principal, and/or (ii) the Vessel (the object put up for sale hereinafter referred to as the "Sales Object"), provided such sale would not violate any provisions of any loan agreement or any other agreement to which the Principal (on behalf of the Partnership) is a party.
6.3.2 Calling of partnership council
A Partnership Council may be convened at any time by the Board of Directors or by Silent Partners who individually or jointly own at least 10% of the shares in the Partnership.
6.3.3 Compulsory purchase option
A Partner that alone or through a subsidiary (including the Principal) owns more than 90 % of the shares in the Partnership may request either to purchase the other Silent Partners' shares in the Partnership (the "Compulsory Purchase Option") or the redemption of the other Silent Partners by way of reduction in the Partnership Capital (the "Compulsory Redemption Option"). The Compulsory Purchase Option and the Compulsory Redemption Option are exercised by giving written notice to the Principal and all Silent Partners with a known address.
The purchase price to be paid under the Compulsory Purchase Option or Compulsory Redemption Option, as the case may be, shall be the higher of (i) the price paid per share or agreed by the Partner holding 90 % of the Partnership Capital in the last transaction with an independent party in which or prior to the date the 90 % threshold was exceeded and (ii) the Fair Share Value determined by a valuation panel in which each of the transferor and the transferee shall appoint an independent and recognised asset broker as valuator (each a "Valuator", collectively the "Valuators"). If the Valuators fail to agree on the purchase price, they shall together select an umpire (the "Umpire"), whose decision shall be final and binding.
6.3.4 Mandatory offer
Should one Partner (the "Majority Partner"), either alone or through a close associate (including the Principal) as defined in the Norwegian Securities Act 1997 (verdipapirhandelloven) section 1-4 (or any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof), become the owner of more than 75 % of the Partnership shares, each of the other Partners may by written notification to the Majority Partner request the Majority Partner to within 14 (fourteen) days make an offer for the purchase of all the Silent Partners' shares in the Partnership and all the shares in the Principal (but nonetheless such that the Principal shall not be obliged to acquire any own shares) (the "Mandatory Offer"). The Majority Partner is only obliged to make the Mandatory Offer once upon reaching or exceeding the 75 % threshold.
6.3.5 Dilution
A decision to increase the Partnership Capital may be made by the Partnership Meeting with the prior approval of at least 81 % of the votes cast at the Partnership Council.

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 24

Offshore Accommodation IS
7. TAX CONSIDERATIONS__________________________________________
7.1 TAXATION OF THE SILENT PARTNER
The following is a summary of certain Norwegian tax considerations relevant to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Silent Partnership Shares by holders that are residents of Norway for purposes of Norwegian taxation and holders that are not residents of Norway for such purposes. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a Silent Partner and does not address foreign tax laws. Each Silent Partner should consult his or her own tax advisor to determine the particular tax consequences for him or her and the applicability and effect of any Norwegian or foreign tax laws and possible changes in such laws.
7.2 NORWEGIAN TAX RESIDENT SILENT PARTNERS
A Norwegian tax resident silent partner will be taxable on his share of the running profits of the silent partnership as ordinary income at a rate of 28 %. Losses are deductible within certain limitations.
A silent partner that is a joint stock company or a similar entity ("Corporate Silent Partner") tax resident in Norway will not be taxable on distributions from the Silent Partnership, according to the Norwegian exemption method (Fritaksmetoden). A Norwegian tax resident Corporate Silent Partner will only be taxable for 3% of the capital gain on realization of the partnership share with a tax rate of 28%. A capital loss on realization of the partnership share will not be deductible.
A Norwegian tax resident personal silent partner will be taxable on distributions from the silent partnership according to the Norwegian Partnership Model (Deltakermodellen). According to the Partnership Model generally 72 % of the distributions less a calculated allowance will be taxable as general income at a rate of 28 %. The allowance is calculated as the cost price of the share adjusted for payments to the company and distributions from the company multiplied by a determined (risk-free) interest rate. Unused allowance may be carried forward and set off against future distributions or reduce gains upon realisation of the share. A Norwegian tax resident personal silent partner is taxable for a capital gain on realization of the partnership share. Losses are correspondingly deductible.
A Norwegian tax resident Corporate Silent Partner is exempted from net wealth tax. For other resident silent partners, the partnership shares will form part of the capital and be subject to net wealth tax. The maximum wealth tax rate is 1.1%.
When shares are transferred either through inheritance or as a gift, such transfer may give rise to inheritance or gift tax in Norway if the deceased, at the time of death, or the donor, at the time of the gift, is a resident or citizen of Norway.
7.3 FOREIGN TAX RESIDENT SILENT PARTNERS
A foreign tax resident silent partner will be taxable to Norway on his share of the running profits of the silent partnership as ordinary income at a rate of 28%. Losses are deductible within certain limitations. Norway's right to tax a foreign resident silent partner may however be limited as a result of the structure and business of the silent partnership and/or a tax treaty.
A foreign tax resident Corporate Silent Partner will not be taxable on distributions from the Silent Partnership, according to the Norwegian exemption method (Fritaksmetoden). Gains from the sale or other disposition of a silent partnership shares by a foreign resident Corporate Silent Partner will not be subject to taxation in Norway.
A foreign tax resident personal silent partner will be taxable on distributions from the silent partnership according to the Norwegian Partnership Model (Deltakermodellen) in the same manner as a Norwegian resident silent partner, ref above. Norway's right to tax a foreign resident silent partner may however be limited as a result of the structure and business of the silent partnership and/or a tax treaty.

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 25

Offshore Accommodation IS
A foreign resident Corporate Silent Partner is not subject to Norwegian wealth tax in Norway. For other foreign resident silent partners, the partnership shares will form part of the capital and be subject to net wealth tax in Norway. The maximum wealth tax rate is 1.1%. Norway's right to tax a foreign resident silent partner may however be limited as a result of the structure and business of the silent partnership and/or a tax treaty.
When partnership shares are transferred either through inheritance or as a gift, such transfer may give rise to inheritance or gift tax in Norway if the deceased, at the time of death, or the donor, at the time of the gift, is a resident or citizen of Norway.

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 26

Offshore Accommodation IS
8. RISK____________________________________________________________
Any shipping project carries with it certain elements of risk. Below is a list of the most important risk elements tied to this project, which we recommend anyone who evaluates a possible investment in this project to read carefully.
8.1 CURRENCY RISK
The bareboat charter hire is payable in another currency than NOK. Thus currency fluctuations may affect the project's return, book value and value adjusted equity in NOK. Investors can reduce this risk by using different foreign exchange instruments.
8.2 INTEREST RATE RISK
Any changes in the underlying interest rate would affect the returns on the project directly. Indirectly, the interest rate levels can also affect the value of the vessel at point of sale. It has not been decided if the company will fix the interest rate on the company's loan obligations. The issue will be addressed by the board.
8.3 M A R K ET R ISK A N D R ESID U AL VALUE
The company is active in a competitive environment with many players. The demand for, and the pricing of the company's services and assets at the end of the charter period are outside of the company's control. On the supply side there are uncertainties tied to ordering of new vessels and scope of future scrapping. The actual residual value of the vessel might differ from our estimates.
8.4 ECONOM IC LIFE, TECHNICAL RISK AND REDELIVERY
The possibility for rational operation greatly influences the vessels' economic life, which depends on the running maintenance of the vessels. Thus technical risk may still be present, even if the units are on a bareboat charter.
8.5 SECONDARY MARKET
The liquidity for the shares in the secondary market varies greatly over time and from project to project. As such it can prove difficult to trade the shares in the secondary market. We reiterate that the sales trigger is 20%, and investors who alone or jointly control 20% can exercise this.
8.6 TAX RISK
Changes in laws and regulations with regards to taxation and other charges can lead to different conditions for investors, including reduced profitability in the project.
8.7 COUNTERPARTY RISK
The barges are currently on a bareboat charter. Thus the charterer's ability to pay the charter hire and honour its obligations in a satisfactory manner is a potential risk factor in the project. The counterparty risk also relates to the put option at the end of the charter, and the charterer's ability to honour this obligation.
8.8 FINANCIAL RISK
There are covenants in the loan agreement. Future compliance with debt covenants may be a potential risk factor in the project, as failure to comply may have adverse economic consequences.
8.9 REFINANCING RISK
The suggested repayment structure on the bank debt means that the loan is repaid in 4 years. However, in calculating the long run returns, in certain scenarios it is assumed that the company will be able to secure a new loan after the original loan is repaid. Nonetheless, there is always a risk that securing a new loan will be difficult, or that the company might not be able to secure as high leverage as assumed. This may in turn affect the average return on equity over the entire 10 year period.
8.10 POLLUTION
As vessels, either through bunkers or cargo, carry pollutants, there will always be certain risks involved in the ownership of commercial shipping vessels.

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 27

Offshore Accommodation IS
8.11 LEGISLATIVE CHANGES
Over the past 20 years, the shipping industry has faced various legislative changes affecting the industry. There is a possibility that new legislative changes will be proposed and ratified which could affect amongst other issues the economic lives of any vessels and their earning potential.
8.12 EXECUTION RISK
There is always a possibility that the described transaction might not conclude due to various execution risks related to, but not limited to, documentation, inspection of the vessel and/or class records and due diligence. Thus there might be some external and third party costs that are not refundable.
8.13 POLITICAL RISK
The barges are currently operating in West Africa and it is likely to believe that the barges will operate in West Africa throughout the charter party and Offshore Accommodation will be exposed to all risks this carries with it included but not limited to political risk, risk of piracy, corruption etc.

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 28

Offshore Accommodation IS

9. SUBSCRIPTION OF SHARES______________________________________
9.1 ORDERING OF SHARES AND MINIMUM SUBSCRIPTION Subscription of 0.5%, 1%, 5%, 10 % and 30% of the shares in Offshore Accommodation IS will result in the following commitments from the subscriber, including fees (figures in USD):

Share 0.5% 1% 5% 10% 30%

Total committed capital (USD) 200,000 400,000
2,000,000 4,000,000 12,000,000

The minimum subscription is 1%, equal to a total committed capital, including fees, of USD 200,000.

9.2 SUBSCRIPTION
The subscription period will commence on 27 October 2011 and last until 4 November 2011. The subscription period can be shortened or extended depending on availability of potential investors. Pareto Project Finance AS/the Principal retain the right to cancel and/or reduce any subscriptions. The sales trigger is 20% and investors who alone or jointly control 20% can exercise the sales trigger.
A notice of an extraordinary general meeting will be issued shortly after the subscription is completed to elect the board of Offshore Accommodation AS.
Please note that minimum subscription is a 0.5% share.
Please keep this information confidential, as we still have subjects related to the completion of the transaction.
Estimated time for payment is on or about 18 November 2011.
9.3 SECOND HAND TRADING OF SHARES
After establishment of Offshore Accommodation IS, PPF will assist in the possible second-hand trading of shares. Participants that would like to buy or sell shares should contact our second-hand department at phone no. +47 22 01 58 99.

9.4 MANAGER Manager of the placement of shares in Offshore Accommodation IS is Pareto Project Finance AS.

If you have any questions please contact the undersigned.

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 29

Offshore Accommodation IS
Best regards,
Pareto Project Finance AS
SHIPPING AND OFFSHORE TEAM
Offshore Accommodation AS c/o Pareto Business Management AS
Dronning Mauds gate 3 Postboks 1396 Vika, 0114 Oslo
Telephone: +47 87 87 00 Telefax: +47 87 88 00
Pareto Project Finance AS Dronning Mauds gate 3 Postboks 1396 Vika 0114 Oslo
Telephone: +47 22 87 87 00 Telefax: +47 22 87 88 00

Pareto Project Finance AS

Page 30

