NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

To the bondholders in:

ISIN: NO 001 0345374 -FRN B+H Ocean Carriers Ltd Open Bond Issue 2006/2012

Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Standstill Agreement

Oslo, 6 February 2012

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA acts as Loan Trustee for the abovementioned bond loan - documented in a loan agreement dated 6 December 2006 (as amended, amended and restated and supplemented from time to time, the "Loan Agreement") between B+FI Ocean Carriers Ltd as Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders.
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Loan Agreement.
The information in this summons regarding the Borrower and market conditions are provided by the Borrower, and the Loan Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

1.

Background

The Borrower and its shipowning subsidiaries are currently in the process of assessing and exploring several financing alternatives with both traditional and non-traditional funding sources for ship finance, with a view of putting together a viable and harmonised global solution for the capital structure o f the Group.
To be successful in the abovementioned efforts, the Group needs time to further assess and explore the various alternatives - and the Group needs to use its resources towards getting the best possible solution for its creditors and stakeholders without having this disturbed by the recurring threat of instability resulting from possible events of default that might be triggered by the process itself or for other reasons. To facilitate this, the Group has requested its secured creditors to approve a standstill arrangement whereby, inter alia, a standstill period for 90 days is agreed - during which period no secured creditor:
(a) can demand, receive or collect any payments from the relevant obligors except for interest payments; and

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
2/5

(b) can accelerate any loan, enforce any security or institute or join any suit, action or proceeding against any obligor.
The terms and provisions of the proposed standstill agreements are more detailed than described above and are still under negotiation. It has not been decided whether one standstill agreement will be entered into with all the lending groups or if separate standstill agreements will be entered into with each separate lending group or a combination thereof. It has not been agreed that the secured creditors shall receive any standstill fee or other fee.
As a condition for entering into the standstill arrangements, certain senior financial creditors have required that the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) becomes party to similar standstill arrangements in relation to the Loan Agreement and the Bonds. On this basis, the Borrower has requested the Loan Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting for the purpose of authorising the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) to enter into such standstill arrangements, as further set out in clause 2 (Proposal) below.
It is important to the Borrower that the abovementioned standstill arrangements are in place no later than the date of the Bondholders' meeting - Tuesday 14 February 2012.

2.

Proposal

Based on the above, the Borrower hereby proposes that the Bondholders adopt the following resolutions (the "Resolutions"):

"The Bondholders resolve asfollows:

(a)

the Loan Trustee (acting on behalf o f the Bondholders) is hereby authorised (and

shall use such authorisations) to negotiate, agree, enter into, sign, execute and

deliver, in such final form and substance and in such manner as the Loan Trustee

shall in its sole discretion deem appropriate, any Standstill Agreement and any

agreement, deed, power o f attorney, certificate, undertaking, confirmation, notice,

acknowledgement or other documents related to such Standstill Agreement and the

transactions contemplated thereunder (including any coordination agreements or

similar agreements coordinating and/or regulating (including by way o f common

terms) the relationship between two or more standstill agreements) (collectively, the

"Standstill Documents") which, in the sole opinion o f the Loan Trustee, is required

in connection with the entering into, execution and deliverance o f the Standstill

Agreement, provided that the Loan Trustee shall procure that:

(i)

the Borrowers' obligation to pay interest to the Bondholders and the

Bondholders' right to receive from and demand payment o f interest o f the

Borrower under the Loan Agreement shall not be affected by the Standstill

Documents;

(ii) adequate measures are taken to ensure that no Standstill Arrangement shall come into force in relation to the Loan Agreement or the Bonds unless the

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Loan Trustee is satisfied that the relevant members o f the Group have entered or will enter into similar (to the extent relevant thereto) Standstill Arrangements with their securedfinancial creditors; and

(Hi) the Standstill Documents and the Standstill Arrangements shall (ai) be similar to (to the extent relevant to the Loan Agreement and the Bonds) the other standstill documents or Standstill Arrangements entered into or to be entered into by the Borrower or any other member o f the Group with its secured financial creditors on or about the date the Standstill Documents to which the Loan Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) is party to is made and (bi) not contain terms and provisions that are more onerous fo r the Loan Trustee, the Loan Agreement, the Bonds or the Bondholders than the terms and provisions o f such other standstill documents; and

(b)

the Loan Trustee is authorised to take any other action necessary or desirable (in the

sole opinion o f the Loan Trustee) in connection with the entering into, execution and

deliverance o f the Standstill Documents;

(c) fo r the purpose o f the above resolutions:

(i)

"Standstill Agreement" means one or several agreements between the Loan

Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), the Borrower and/or any other

member o f the Group and/or any secured creditor o f any member o f the

Group and/or any other person fo r the purpose o f agreeing on Standstill

Arrangements regarding the Loan Agreement, the Bonds and/or any secured

indebtedness o f any member o f the Group and/or any other indebtedness o f

any member o f the Group and/or any other assets, rights, interests,

obligations and liabilities o f any member o f the Group or any other person;

and

(ii)

"Standstill Arrangements" means any form o f standstill arrangement,

including, but not limited to, standstill arrangements whereby the rights o f a

creditor and/or any other person to:

(A) directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any manner, demand, sue for, take, seek to collect, accelerate or receive payments (other than scheduled interest payments), in whole or in part; and

(B) consent to, institute, commence, join or maintain any suit, action, proceeding, whether judicial or otherwise, against any person or asset, including, but not limited to, actions or proceedings under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any other insolvency law or regulation or any proceedings fo r liquidation, dissolution or winding up o f any business, or the appointment o f any trustee, receiver or liquidator for any person or any part o f any person's properties, or any assignment fo r the benefit o f creditors, or any marshalling o f assets o f any person,

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORW EGIAN TRUSTEE
4/5

are being suspended, amended, restricted or waived in any way (in whole or part); and

(d)

the powers and authorisations granted above shall be governed by and construed in

accordance with Norwegian law."

3.

Summons to Bondholders' meeting

The Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

Tuesday 14 February 2012 at 10:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondholders hereby adopt the Resolutions and the Resolutions shall have effectfrom the date this resolution is made.
***

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposals are acceptable.
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the Resolutions are not adopted, the proposal will be dismissed.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
5/5
The individual bondholder may authorise the Loan Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Loan Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Loan Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Loan Trustee, to notify the Loan Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely, for an on behalf of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (as Loan Trustee)
/) \' ,
Va i
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

