ISIN NO 001 1X[] DRAFT 13 MARCH 2014
BOND AGREEMENT between
NXHarkand Finance Inc. (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN/RX [] per cent NX Harkand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue Y1/Y22014/2019
2390835/1#4618454/1

Clause

CONTENTS

Page

1. INTERPRETATION...............................................................................................2 2. THE BONDS ................................................................................................... 715 3. LISTING ....................................................................................................... 716 4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY ....................................................... 716 5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS ................................................................... 816 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT................................................................................... 817 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ................................................................... 919 8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY ................................................................ 1121 9. INTEREST ................................................................................................... 1122 10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION......................................................... 1322 11. PAYMENTS .................................................................................................. 1425 12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS ...................................................................... 1627 13. COVENANTS ................................................................................................ 1627 14. FEES AND EXPENSES ...................................................................................... 1939 15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT...................................................................................... 2040 16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING ................................................................................ 2243 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE ...................................................................................... 2545 18. MISCELLANEOUS ........................................................................................... 2747

SCHEDULE 1 Settlement Procedure SCHEDULE 2 Compliance Certificate SCHEDULE 3 Release Notice ­ Escrow Account SCHEDULE 4 Form of Covenant Agreement

#2390835/14618454/1

1 (63)

This agreement has been entered into on [DATE] Y1 March 2014 between :

(1)

NX Harkand Finance Inc (a company existing under the laws of [COUNTRY] Marshall Island

with registration number [XX] 67320, 100% owned by the Issuer Parent) as issuer (the

"Issuer"), ; and

(2)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions

In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Additional Capital" means the Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable and, to the extent applicable, any additional Subordinated Loans to fund the part of the Purchase Price which is not funded by proceeds from the Bonds.

"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a Holding Company of that person or any other Subsidiary of that Holding Company.

"Alternative Charter Arrangements" has the meaning ascribed to such term in paragraph (e) (Alternative Charter Arrangements) of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).

"Approved Shipbrokers" means any of the following:

(a) Clarksons;

(b) Barry Rogliano Salles;

(c) Derrick Offshore;

(d) EA Gibson;

(e) Fearnleys Offshore AS;

(f) RS Platou Shipbrokers AS;

(g) UNO Offshore AS; or

(h) Any other sale and purchase shipbroker with knowledge of the market appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee.

"Assignment of Bareboat Charters" means an assignment by the Interco Subsidiaries of their rights under the Second Bareboat Charters (or any Alternative Charter Arrangements, as the case may be) and by the Vessel Owners of their rights under the First Bareboat Charters (or any Alternative Charter Arrangements, as the case may be), including all earnings payable under the relevant Bareboat Charter and any guarantee provided by the Charterer for payments under the First Bareboat Charters, governed by English law, including notices of, consents to (if required thereunder) and acknowledgements of such

#2390835/14618454/1

2 (63)

assignments from the Interco Subsidiary, Charterer and/or Qualified Subsidiary, as applicable.
"Assignment of Insurances" means an assignment by the Vessel Owners[ and Charterer]1 of their rights in respect of any insurances taken out in respect of any of the Vessels from time to time (other than third party liability insurances), governed by English law, including notices of assignments and loss payable clause to the insurers.
"Assignment of Intercompany Loans" means a pledge or an assignment (or such similar security under the relevant jurisdiction) granted by the Issuer in respect of the Internal Loans (present and future), governed by [English] law, including notices and acknowledgements of such assignments.
"Assignment of Management Agreements" means an assignment of any rights of the Charterer, the Vessel Owners, the Interco Subsidiaries and/or any Qualified Subsidiary (as applicable) under the Management Agreements and the Business Service Agreements, such assignment to include (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default, and any payments under the Management Agreements and the Business Service Agreements shall be subordinated to the Bonds, however so that management fees and service fees that are not overdue may be payable to the manager on a monthly basis.
"Assignment of Subordinated Loans" means a pledge or an assignment (or such similar security under the relevant jurisdiction) granted by the Ultimate Parent, the Issuer Parent and/or the Charterer Parent in respect of any Subordinated Loans (present and future) (if any), governed by [English] law, including notices and acknowledgements of such assignments.
"Assignment of Vessel Owner Receivables" means assignments granted by the Vessel Owners in respect of the Vessel Owner Receivables (present and future) governed by English law, including notices and acknowledgements of such assignments.
"Assignment of Warranties" means an assignment by the Vessel Owners (as and if applicable) of their rights in respect of any warranties or guarantees given to the Vessel Owners in relation to the acquisition of the Vessels, governed by English law, with notices and consent (if required thereunder) and acknowledgements of such assignment from the relevant party.
"Atlantis" means Harkand Atlantis, a Marshall Islands flagged diving support vessel with IMO number 9441221, which will be 100% directly owned by Vessel Owner 1.
"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Balloon Payment" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 10 (Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption).
"Bareboat Charters" means the First Bareboat Charters and the Second Bareboat Charters.

1 Not in TS, but based on advice from Aon, Charterer should assign its insurances to the Bondholders #2390835/14618454/1

3 (63)

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means [three] / [six] months [NIBOR] / [LIBOR].
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" [FIX] means any day on which Norwegian banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions and the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day" [FRN] means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in [alternative 1 ­ NIBOR ] in Oslo [alternative 2 ­ LIBOR] in Oslo, London and New York.
"Business Day Convention" means [alternative 1 ­ FIX] that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day). [alternative 2 ­ FRN] that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Business Service Agreement" means an agreement between the Vessel Owners, the Issuer, the Interco Subsidiaries and the Charterer whereby the Charterer undertakes to carry out certain administrative tasks for the entities within the Issuer Group and the Interco Group, including arranging for internal and external audit and preparing financial statements. Any management fee payable to the Charterer under the Business Service Agreement shall fall due monthly, be on arm's length basis and may be varied from time to time.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.210.5.
"Change of Control Event" means if and when any person or a group of persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, acquires Decisive Influence over the Issuer.:
(a) any person or group other Oaktree becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50.0% of the outstanding shares and/or voting rights of the Ultimate Parent;
(b) prior to an IPO, Oaktree holds less than 50.0% of the outstanding shares and/or voting right of the Ultimate Parent; or

#2390835/14618454/1

4 (63)

(c) after an IPO, Oaktree holds less than 30.0% of the outstanding shares and/or voting right of the Ultimate Parent.
"Charter Contract" means time charter contracts for the employment of the Vessels entered into between the Charterer or a Sub-Charterer and a third party company which is not an Affiliate of the Group.
"Charter Contract Assignment" means an assignment of the rights (including step-in rights) of the Charterer or, as the case may be, any Sub-Charterer under any Charter Contract or, as the case may be, any Sub-Charter with a firm tenor of more than 12 months (including all earnings payable and security granted by the Client thereunder), and the Charterer or, as the case may be, any Sub-Charterer shall give notices and seek to obtain consents (if required thereunder) and acknowledgements of such assignments from the Clients, such assignment to be provided only to the extent permitted by applicable law and the terms of the relevant Charter Contract.
"Charter Free Market Value of the Vessels" means the sum of the fair market value of each of the Vessels in USD determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of each of the relevant Vessels obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for such Vessels appointed by the Issuer and being selected from the list of Approved Shipbrokers. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment.
"Charterer" means Harkand EMEA Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with registration number 8932350, 100% owned by the Charterer Parent.
"Charterer Bond Guarantee" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph (e) (Alternative Charter Arrangements) of Clause 13.8 (Intra-Group charter contracts covenants and application of earnings).
"Charterer Group" means the Charterer and any of its Subsidiaries (present and future), including Iremis, and the Interco Group.
"Charterer Parent" means Harkand Global Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in Scotland with registration number SC 429919, 100% owned by the Ultimate Parent.
"Client" means a party to a Charter Contract which is a third party and not an Affiliate of the Group.
"Covenant Agreement" means the agreement with the Trustee and the Covenant Providers in the form of Schedule 4 (Form of Covenant Agreement) whereby the Covenant Providers have provided certain undertakings.
"Covenant Providers" means the Ultimate Parent, the Charterer Parent, the Issuer Parent, the Charterer and the Interco Parent.
"Da Vinci" means Harkand Da Vinci, a Marshall Islands flagged diving support vessel with IMO number 9441233, which will be 100% directly owned by Vessel Owner 2.

#2390835/14618454/1

5 (63)

"Debt Service Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer opened in accordance with and for the purpose of sub-paragraph (d) (Issuer's Debt Service Account) of paragraph 13.9 of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Escrow Account" means an account(s) in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over fixed charge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit in the Escrow Account (governed by Norwegian law), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Exchange" means Oslo Stock Exchange.
"Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable" means the Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable in the amount of approximately USD 96,700,000 owing by the Issuer to the Issuer Parent as of the disbursement date (as further defined in Schedule 1 (Settlement Procedure).
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, the Covenant Agreement and (v) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility);

#2390835/14618454/1

6 (63)

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP;
(g) any liability under a deferred purchase agreement where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;
(h) (f)any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money;
(i) (g)any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price , including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions, (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(j) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of any underlying liability; and
(k) (h)the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.Issuer Group Financial Statements and Harkand Financial Statements2.
"First Bareboat Charters" means the following bareboat charter agreements related to each of the Vessels, governed by [English] law:
(a) in respect of Atlantis, an agreement based on Barecon (with additional clauses) to be entered into between Vessel Owner 1 and Interco 1, the delivery date being the date of disbursement from the Escrow Account and the expiry date being not earlier than the Maturity Date; and
2 To be confirmed whether Charter Group Financial Statements will be required, ref. draft Covenant Agreement.

#2390835/14618454/1

7 (63)

(b) in respect of Da Vinci, an agreement based on Barecon (with additional clauses) to be entered into between Vessel Owner 2 and Interco 2, the delivery date being the date of disbursement from the Escrow Account and the expiry date being not earlier than the Maturity Date.
"First Bareboat Charter Hire" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph (b) (First Bareboat Charter Hire) of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).
"Floating Charges" means, to the extent permitted by law, a debenture over all the assets of the Issuer and the Vessel Owners (present and future), governed by [Marshall Island/English law].
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer Ultimate Parent and all its Subsidiaries (present and future), and a "Group Company" means the Issuer Ultimate Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.
"GuaranteeGuarantees" means an the unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee [guarantees on a joint and several basis] from the Guarantor[s] Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses.
"Guarantor[s]" means [COMPANY NAME], a limited liability company existing under the laws of [COUNTRY], with company registration number [NUMBER].
"Qualified Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the Charterer in which the Charterer either (i) directly or indirectly, owns 100% of the shares and voting rights, or (ii) has a reduced, direct or indirect, ownership in, if required by law in the relevant jurisdiction or due to operational requirements to have third-party shareholders in such subsidiary, and provided that (a) the Charterer, directly or indirectly, maintains a controlling interest over and owns more than 50% of the shares and voting rights in such Subsidiary and (b) any minority shareholder in such Subsidiary which is not a member of the Charterer Group shall not be an Affiliate of the Ultimate Parent.
"Guarantors" means, on a joint and several basis, the Vessel Owners and the Issuer Parent.
"Harkand EMEA Group" means the Issuer Group and the Charterer Group, directly or indirectly 100% owned by the Ultimate Parent.
"Harkand Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Harkand EMEA Group for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"Harkand Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Harkand EMEA Group for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up

#2390835/14618454/1

8 (63)

according to GAAP, and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"Holding Company" means a company which is defined as the parent company following the principles of the Norwegian Public Companies Act of 1997 No. 45 § 1-3.
"Interco 1" means Atlantis Interco Inc., a company incorporated in Marshalls Islands with registration number 67323, 100% owned by the Interco Parent.
"Interco 2" means Da Vinci Interco Inc., a company incorporated in Marshalls Islands with registration number 67324, 100% owned by the Interco Parent.
"Interco Group" means the Interco Parent and the Interco Subsidiares.
"Interco Parent" means Harkand Interco Parent Limited, a company incorporated in Gibraltar with registration number 111200, 100% owned by the Ultimate Parent.
"Interco Subsidiaries" means Interco 1 and Interco 2.
"Interest Payment Date" means [DATES] March and September each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the Issuer Group Interim Accounts and the Harkand Interim Accounts3.
"Internal Loans" means:
(a) the loan in the total amount of USD 155,000,000 from the Issuer to Vessel Owner 1 to fund Vessel Owner 1's acquisition of Atlantis at a cost of USD 155,000,000 (as further described in Schedule 1 (Settlement Procedure));
(b) the loan in the total amount of USD 155,000,000 from the Issuer to Vessel Owner 1 to fund Vessel Owner 1's acquisition of Da Vinci at a cost of USD 155,000,000 (as further described in Schedule 1 (Settlement Procedure)); and
(c) any other loan from the Issuer to any of the Vessel Owners (if applicable),
all being subject to an Internal Loan Agreement.
"Internal Loan Agreement" means a loan agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), stipulating, inter alia, (i) that the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) may require the Internal Loans to be repaid immediately and in full upon acceleration of the Bonds following an Event of Default, (ii) bear interest at least equal to the Interest Rate and which may be accumulated to the principal, and (iii) be repaid by the Vessel Owners based on a amortisation schedule that mirrors the Scheduled Instalments and the Balloon Repayment (as applicable).
"IPO" means an initial public offering of shares in the Ultimate Parent on a reputable regulated market (stock exchange).

3 To be confirmed whether Charter Group Interim Accounts will be required, ref. draft Covenant Agreement. #2390835/14618454/1

9 (63)

"Issuer Accounts" means the Debt Service Account, the Escrow Account, the Issuer's Earnings Account and the Liquidity Account.
"Issuer Group" means the Issuer Parent, the Issuer and the Vessel Owners.
"Issuer Group Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"Interim Accounts" means [Alt. 1] the unaudited unconsolidated and "Issuer Group Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP [Alt. 2] means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated semi-annual financial statements of the Issuer for the semi-annual period ending on 30 June each year, drawn up according to GAAP., and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"Issuer Parent" means Harkand Issuer Parent Limited, a company incorporated in Gibraltar with registration number 111209, 100% owned by the Ultimate Parent.
"Iremis" means Iremis Holding Ltd., a 100% Subsidiary of the Charterer.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number ­ the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means D1 Y1[28] March 2014.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"LIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 11.00 a.m., London time, on the relevant interest payment date or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of commercial banks on the interbank market in New York city or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered commercial banks in the New York city interbank market, for the applicable period. If any such rate is below zero, LIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Issuer's Earnings Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer opened in accordance with and for the purpose of sub-paragraph (c) (Issuer's Earnings Account) of paragraph 13.9 of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).
"Liquidity Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer opened in accordance with and for the purpose of sub-paragraph (e) (Liquidity Account) of paragraph 13.9 of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).

#2390835/14618454/1

10 (63)

"Management Agreement" means any agreement for the operational, technical and commercial management of each of the Vessels, such management agreement to be entered into between Harkand (AME) Ltd. as the manager and (i) the Charterer, or (ii) the Vessel Owners (if the relevant Vessel Owner is party to a time charter), the Interco Subsidiaries (if the relevant Interco Subsidiary is party to a time charter) or any Qualified Subsidiary (if the Qualified Subsidiary is party to a bareboat charter), as applicable, in the event that any Alternative Charter Arrangements for the operation of the Vessels are put in place.
"Manager" means the manager(s) joint lead managers for the Bond Issue,[ being XX]. :
(a) Nordea Bank Norge ASA, Nordea Markets, P.O. Box 1166 Sentrum, NO-0107 Oslo, Norway;
(b) Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gate 3, NO-0115 OSLO, Norway, and
(c) Swedbank Norge, branch of Swedbank AB (publ.), P.O. Box 1441 Vika, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means, except if it constitutes a Total Loss Event:
(a) any of the Vessels are sold or disposed of;
(b) the Ultimate Parent ceases to own and/or control (directly) 100% of the shares and/or voting rights in the Issuer Parent;
(c) the Issuer Parent ceases to own and/or control (directly) 100% of the shares and/or voting rights in the Issuer;
(d) the Issuer ceases to own and control (directly) 100% of the shares and voting rights in any of the Vessel Owners; or
(e) the Ultimate Parent ceases to own and/or control (directly or indirectly) at least 100% of the shares and/or voting rights in any of the Interco Parent, the Interco Subsidiaries or the Charterer.
"Margin" means RX [] per cent. (RX[]%) per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer, [any Guarantor] or the Group (taken as a whole)any of the Obligors, (b) the Issuer's [or any Guarantor's] ability to perform and or comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or , (c) any of the security providers' ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Security Documents, (d) any of the Interco Subsidiaries', Charterer's or other member of the Charter Group's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bareboat Charters, if applicable, any Alternative Charter Arrangement and any guarantees provided in respect of payments thereunder or (e) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
["Material Subsidiary" means [·].]
"Maturity Date" means D2 Y2[28] March 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

#2390835/14618454/1

11 (63)

"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon on the relevant Interest Payment Date (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Mortgage" means the mortgages over each of the Vessels, including all equipment being legally part of it under Marshall Island law, and deed of covenants and any Quiet Enjoyment Letter (if applicable), governed by Marshall Island law.
"Minimum Liquidity" means minimum USD 5 million per Vessel.
"Oaktree" means any funds or accounts managed or advised by Oaktree Capital Management L.P., or its affiliated entities.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantorthe Guarantors.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the BondsNordea Bank Norge ASA.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Pre-Disbursement Account Pledges" means the fixed charge over the Issuer's and the Vessel Owners (as applicable) claims against the relevant account bank for the amounts from time to time standing to the credit in the Issuer Accounts and the Vessel Owners Earnings Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Project Documents" means:
(a) the Internal Loan Agreements;
(b) any Subordinated Loan Agreement (if any);
(c) the Bareboat Charters;
(d) any contract relating to an Alternative Charter Arrangement;
(e) the Management Agreement(s); and

#2390835/14618454/1

12 (63)

(f) the Business Service Agreement.
"Purchase Price" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization).
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quiet Enjoyment Letter" means a quiet enjoyment letter issued by the Trustee if so required by the Client as a condition for consenting to an Assignment of Charter Contract, containing substantially the covenant set out in the following: The Trustee may not interrupt the quiet use, possession and enjoyment of the Vessel by the Client, so long as no event is continuing which would entitle the Charterer (or the Sub-Charterer, if applicable) to terminate the Charter Contract and except as required by any applicable law binding on the Trustee, and provided that the Client, following receipt of notice of an event of default under the Bond Agreement makes due payments as instructed by the Trustee in accordance with the Charter Contract Assignments. The exercise by the Trustee of its rights under any Finance Document will not constitute such an interruption. Upon a default by the Charterer (or the Sub-Charterer, if applicable) under the Charter Contract or, if applicable, Sub-Charter, the Client may terminate the Charter Contract pursuant to its terms after first providing the Trustee with a 30 days' notice of such default and provided that the Trustee (or its nominee) shall have the right to remedy such default by assuming the obligations of the owner thereunder.
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Departments of State or Commerce or any other US government authority, including under the Iran Sanctions Act (as amended and as may be amended from time to time), or by the United Nations Security Council ("UNSC"), the European Union ("EU"), Her Majesty's Treasury ("HMT") or Norwegian sanctions authority.
"Scheduled Instalments" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 10 (Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption).
"Second Bareboat Charters" means the following bareboat charter agreements related to each of the Vessels, governed by English law:
(a) in respect of Atlantis, an agreement based on Barecon (with additional clauses) to be entered into between Interco 1 and the Charterer, the delivery date being the date of disbursement and the expiry date being not earlier than the Maturity Date; and
(b) in respect of Da Vinci, an agreement based on Barecon (with additional clauses) to be entered into between Vessel Owner 2 and the Charterer, the delivery date being the date of Disbursement and the expiry date being not earlier than the Maturity Date.
"Second Bareboat Charter Hire" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph (c) (Second Bareboat Charter Hire) of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

#2390835/14618454/1

13 (63)

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means:
(a) [·]; [the, "Rig Mortgage", " Assignment of..." etc]of Bareboat Charters; (b) the Assignment of Internal Loans;
(c) the Assignment of Subordinated Loans;
(d) the Assignment of Management Agreements; (e) the Assignment of Vessel Owner Receivables;
(f) the Assignment of Warranties;
(g) the Charterer Bond Guarantee (if applicable); (h) the Charter Contract Assignment;
(i) (b)[·]; the Escrow Account Pledge;
(j) the Floating Charges; (k) the Guarantees;
(l) the Mortgages;
(m) (c)[·]the Pre-Disbursement Account Pledges; and (d) [·].
(n) the Share Charges.
"Sellers" means Gulmar Atlantis Marine Investment Inc. and Gulmar Da Vinci Marine Investment Inc., c/o Korea Marine Finance Corporation, 3F, Songam Bldg., 84, Nonhyundong, Gangnamno-gu, Seoul, Korea, 135-734.
"Settlement Procedure" means the settlement procedure described in Schedule 1 (Settlement Procedure).
"Share Charges" means:

#2390835/14618454/1

14 (63)

(a) the share charge granted by the Ultimate Parent over all of the shares of the Issuer Parent, governed by Gibraltar law;
(b) the share charge granted by the Issuer Parent over all of the shares of the Issuer, governed by Marshall Island law; and
(c) a share charge granted by the Issuer over all of the shares in each of the Vessel Owners, governed by Marshall Islands law,
together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) (if legally possible) from the current board members of the Issuer and covenants to obtain such from future board members;
"Sub-Charter" means a sub charter contract for a Bareboat Charter between the Charterer and a Sub-Charterer.
"Sub-Charterer" means any Qualified Subsidiary of the Charterer to which the Charterer has sub-chartered any one of or both of the Vessels
"Subordinated Loans" means subordinated loans provided by the Ultimate Parent, the Issuer Parent and/or the Charterer Parent (as the case may be) to any member of the Issuer Group, including the Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable, all being subject to a Subordinated Loan Agreement.
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means a loan agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Trustee, stipulating, inter alia, that (a) any Subordinated Loan shall (i) be fully subordinated to the Bonds, (ii) have a maturity date after the Maturity Date, (iii) be without any debt service as long as any amount under the Bonds are outstanding, (iv) be without enforcement rights for the relevant lender, and (b) any fees and/or any accrued interest on any Subordinated Loan shall be accumulated and added to the principal of such Subordinated Loan as long as any amounts are outstanding under the Bonds.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Total Loss Event" means (i) an actual or constructive total loss and (ii) requisition for title or other compulsory acquisition hereunder expropriation, both as defined under the Bareboat Charter(s).
"Ultimate Parent" means Harkand Luxembourg Holdings Sarl, a company incorporated in Luxembourg with registration number RCS B 162 060, 100% owned by Oaktree.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
"Vessels" means Atlantis and Da Vinci (each a "Vessel").
"Vessel Owner 1" means Harkand Atlantis Inc., the owner of Atlantis, a company incorporated in Marshall Islands with registration number 67322, 100% owned by the Issuer.

#2390835/14618454/1

15 (63)

"Vessel Owner 2" means Harkand Da Vinci Inc., the owner of Atlantis, a company incorporated in Marshall Islands with registration number 67321, 100% owned by the Issuer

"Vessel Owner Receivables" means any receivable arising as a consequence of the transfers by the Vessel Owners to the Issuers in accordance with sub-paragraph (i), (iii) and (iv) of paragraph (d) (Application of Earnings) in Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).

"Vessel Owners" means Vessel Owner 1 and Vessel Owner 2.

"Vessel Owners' Accounts" means the Vessel Owners Earnings Account and the Vessel Owner Operating Account.

"Vessel Owners' Earnings Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer opened in accordance with and for the purpose of sub-paragraph (f) (Vessel Owners' Earnings Account) of paragraph 13.9 of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).

"Vessel Owners' Operating Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer opened in accordance with and for the purpose of sub-paragraph (g) (Vessel Owners' Operating Account) of paragraph 13.9 of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2

Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

#2390835/14618454/1

16 (63)

2. 2.1 2.1.1
2.1.2
2.2

THE BONDS
Binding nature of this Bond Agreement
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.
This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.
The Bonds
The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK XX (Norwegian kroner XX) / USD XX USD 230,000,000 (U.S. Dollar XXtwo hundre and thirty million).

The Face Value is USD 200,000 / NOK 1,000,0001. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN /RX [] per cent NX Harkand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue Y1/Y22014/2019".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 IX[].

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3

Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be applied towards the general corporate purposes of [the Issuer]/[the Group].

(a) The main purpose of the Bond Issue is to finance in part the total purchase price of USD 310,000,000 (the "Purchase Price") for the Vessel Owners' acquisition of the Vessels.

(b) The net proceeds from the Bonds (net of legal costs, taxes, fees to the Managers and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall exclusively be employed as follows:

(i) USD ten million (USD 10,000,000) to fund the Liquidity Account; and

(ii) the remainder to part finance the Purchase Price in accordance with the Settlement Procedure.

(c) The employment of the proceeds of the Bond Issue shall be evidenced to the satisfaction of the Trustee.

3.

LISTING

3.1

[ALTERNATIVE 1] The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on a regulated market

or on Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM"), but shall have the right to list the

Bonds if it so desires.

#2390835/14618454/1

17 (63)

3.1

3.2[ALTERNATIVE 2] The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs or, at the

discretion of the Issuer, on Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM")the Exchange.

3.2

3.3If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they

have been discharged in full.

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and

shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this

Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The

registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond

Trustee having received the documents [listed below] / [in Attachment 3 (Conditions

precedent)], in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to

the Issue Date:

6.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account will be

subject to certain conditions precedent as customary for these types of transactions,

including (but not limited to):

(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party, and of the Covenant Providers to execute the Covenant Agreement;

(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer and the Covenant Providers to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer and the Covenant Providers;

#2390835/14618454/1

18 (63)

(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer and the Covenant Providers, evidencing that it is they are validly registered and existing and , (ii) the Articles of Association (or similar) of the Issuer and the Covenant Providers and (iii) any other certificate or other corporate document required in relation to the legal opinions;

(e) confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default exists;

(f) two (2) recent broker valuations from two (2) Approved Shipbrokers appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee and not to be dated more than ninety (90) days prior to the Issue Date;

(g) (e)the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(h) (f)confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(i) (g)to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(j) (h)confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(k) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Escrow Account has been opened;

(l) (i)the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(m) (j)copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(n) (k)any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for [the Issuer]/[each Obligor] and the Covenant Providers and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents);

(o) the Covenant Agreement duly executed; and

(p) (l)establishment of the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the bank); and.

6.2

Release from the Escrow Account shall be subject to the closing procedure to be agreed

between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee and certain conditions precedent customary for

these types of transactions, including but not limited to:

(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer (including a statement regarding use of funds and confirmation of no potential or actual Event of Default);

(b) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer Accounts and the Vessel Owners' Accounts (except the Escrow Account) have been opened;

#2390835/14618454/1

19 (63)

(c) all Project Documents, guarantee(s) from the Charterer in respect of the First Bareboat Charters, the existing bareboat charter for the Vessels and the intra-group call option agreement with the Vessel Owners duly executed;
(d) evidence that the Issuer has received the Additional Capital;
(e) confirmation from the Issuer that no Obligor has any Financial Indebtedness outstanding, nor does any Security or guarantee exist in relation to the Issuer Group's assets, other than as expressly permitted under this Agreement;
(f) satisfactory evidence that ownership of the Vessels are legally transferred to the Vessel Owners;
(g) all Security Documents (except for the Escrow Account Pledge) duly executed and perfected, together with any notices, acknowledgements, consents, letters of resignation, share certificates and other ancillary documents;
(h) (m)the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any copies of necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Security (and any insurance covering the Security).the relevant Group Companies executing the Security Documents (unless delivered in accordance with Clause 6.1, then a confirmation of the full force and effect of such resolutions shall be given);
(i) a power of attorney from the relevant Group Companies executing the Security Documents to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on the relevant Group Company's behalf;
(j) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document, evidencing that they are validly registered and existing, (ii) the Articles of Association (or similar) and (iii) any other certificate or other corporate document required in relation to the legal opinions, all in respect of the relevant Group Companies executing the Security Documents;
(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Group Companies executing the Security Documents and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents);
(l) any other Finance Documents (unless delivered in accordance with Clause 6.1 and to the extent applicable) are in acceptable form and duly executed;
(m) satisfactory evidence that all applicable insurances related to the Vessels have been taken out, confirmed by an insurance report from the Trustee's insurance advisor (at Issuer's cost);
(n) to appropriate undertakings from any person named as co-insured on the relevant insurances alongside the Vessel Owners (including without limitation each of the

#2390835/14618454/1

20 (63)

Interco Subsidiaries, the Charterer and the Manager) protecting the position of the trustee in relation to the insurance assignments; and

(o) customary documents and certificates related to each of the Vessels, including but not limited to, transcript of register evidencing ownership by Vessel Owner 1 and Vessel Owner 2 respectively and class certificates without any material recommendations or overdue recommendations.

6.3

Release of funds from the Escrow Account shall take place simultaneously (all or nothing)

for both Vessels and a number of intra-Group transactions will take place on or about

Disbursement, in accordance with the Settlement Procedure.

The documents listed in items (b), (c), (d), (e), and (i) above shall also be delivered by each other Obligor.

6.4

6.2The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements

for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1 and Clause 6.2 and may as required pursuant to

an agreed closing memo preposition funds in an account belonging to the Seller or its

financiers or otherwise to accommodate the completion of the acquisition of the Vessels

and repayment of existing third party financing relating to the Vessels.

6.5

6.3Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's

written notice to the Issuer, the Manager Managers and the Paying Agent that the

documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.6

6.4On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to

Clause 6.36.5, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to

the Issuer / Managers shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow

Account.

6.7

Notwithstanding the terms of this Clause 6, the Trustee shall be authorized to pay any fees

and costs (including legal costs) due and owing related to the Bond Issue as evidenced

through invoice from the Managers using the proceeds in the Escrow Account, to the extent

such fees and costs have not been deducted from the proceeds transferred to the Escrow

Account.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1

The Issuer [and each of the Guarantors] Vessel Owners represents and warrants to the Bond

Trustee that:

(a) Status

It is a [limited liability company], duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

#2390835/14618454/1

21 (63)

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document and the Project Documents to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document and the Project Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; , (ii) its constitutional documents; , or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
(e) No Event of Default
(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or any Project Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

#2390835/14618454/1

22 (63)

(h) Financial Statements

Its The Issuer's most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i) No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j) No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(k) No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l) Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(m) Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of the Issuer or any Group Company Vessel Owner in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date

of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each

the date of drawdown date from the Escrow Account (including date of prepositioning of

funds and release of preposition funds to the Issuer).

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY4

8.1

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the IssuerObligors. The Bonds shall

rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which

are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general

application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt. Subordinated Loans and Internal

Loans.

8.2

[ALTERNATIVE 1] The Bonds are unsecured.

4 Guarantee text to be contained in separate document #2390835/14618454/1

23 (63)

8.2

8.3[ALTERNATIVE 2] The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs All amounts

outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders,

including but not limited to interest and expenses, shall be secured on first priority by the

Security Interest.Interests.

8.3

The Issuer shall ensure that the relevant Group Company provides from time to time any

relevant Security and executes or procure the execution of any documentation as the Bond

Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Bondholders to maintain a corresponding

security position as envisaged by this Bond Agreement.

8.4

[INCLUDE GUARANTEE TEXT (UNLESS IT IS CONTAINED IN SEPARATE

DOCUMENT/ATTACHMENT)]

9.

INTEREST

[ALTERNATIVE 1 ­ FIX]

9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date at a fixed rate of RX [] per cent. (RX[7.50-8.00]%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2

Interest payments on the Bonds will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date and shall be

made payable semi-annually in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first

Interest Payment Date being D2 [YEAR][28] September 2014 and the last Interest Payment

Date being the Maturity Date.

9.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable

Interest Payment Date.

9.4

The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of

the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in

the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the

number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days

months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the

first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in

which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to

a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of

February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to

a 30-day month)).

9.5

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated

as follows:

Interest Amount

=

Face

Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

[ALTERNATIVE 2 ­ FRN ­ LIBOR OR NIBOR]

9.6

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

9.7

Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the

first Interest Payment Date falling in [MONTH/[YEAR].

#2390835/14618454/1

24 (63)

9.8

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, the Issue Date or one Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but

excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.9

The day count fraction ("Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation

of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of

days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

9.10 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.11 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest Amount

=

Face

Value

x

Floating

Rate

x

Floating Rate

Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity[ and instalments]instalments
10.2 The Bonds shall be partially repaid by the Issuer semi-annually with instalments of USD 10 million each (each a "Scheduled Instalment") at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount). The first Scheduled Instalment shall be paid on the Interest Payment Date in [March] 2015.
10.3 Any outstanding Bonds shall, together with the last Scheduled Instalment, be repaid in full on the Maturity Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount) (the "Balloon Repayment"). [ALTERNATIVE 1] The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

[ALTERNATIVE 2] The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in instalments as follows:

Payment Date

Amount

[Interest Payment Date in MONTH YEAR]

[Interest Payment Date in MONTH YEAR]

....

Maturity Date

Sum

#2390835/14618454/1

25 (63)

10.4 Payment of instalments must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.5 10.5.1

10.2Call Option
10.2.1The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole or in part as follows (Call Option):
(a) with settlement date on / at any time from Issue Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in [MONTH/YEAR] at XX of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,March 2016 at a price equivalent to the sum of:

(i) the present value on the relevant record date of [100 + 60% of the final Interest Rate]% of par value as if such payment should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date in March 2016; and

(ii) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2016,

both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the Interest Payment Date in March 2016), plus accrued interest on redeemed amount, and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;

(b) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2017 at a price equal to [100 + 60% of the final Interest Rate]% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(c) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in [March] 2017 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in [March] 2018 at a price equal to [100 + 40% of the final Interest Rate]% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(d) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2018 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in September 2018 at a price equal to [100 + 20% of the final Interest Rate]% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount); and

(e) any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in September 2018 to and including, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

(b) with settlement date any time from and included [MONTH/YEAR] to, but not included, Maturity Date at XX of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.

10.5.2

10.2.2Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

#2390835/14618454/1

26 (63)

10.5.3 10.2.3Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.5.4

10.2.4On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.5.5 10.2.5Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 10.5 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.6 10.6.1

10.3Change of control
10.3.1Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of XX101% of par plus accrued interest.

10.6.2

10.3.2The Put Option must be exercised within two months sixty (60) calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.6.3

10.3.3The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the two month exercise period of the Put Option.

10.6.4

10.3.4On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.110.6.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.7 Mandatory Prepayment
(a) Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring, the Issuer shall not later than 30 days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, or, in the event of sale or other disposal of any of the Vessels, or sale of shares in the Issuer Parent, the Issuer, any of the Vessel Owners, the Interco Parent, the Interco Subsidiaries or the Charterer, on or about the date upon which the sale or disposal of such shares or Vessel is completed (by transferring the redemption amount to an escrow account on the date the date upon which the sale or disposal of the relevant shares or Vessel is completed, for the redemption of Bonds to be carried out as soon as possible thereafter), unless there is an Event of Default in which case it will be promptly, redeem (a) 100% of the outstanding Bonds if related to both Vessels or shares, other than shares in one of the Vessel Owners, or (b) 60% of the outstanding Bonds if related to one of the Vessels or one of the Vessel Owners, in both instances at a price according to the Call Options.

(b) For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid redemption prices shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date of repayment.

#2390835/14618454/1

27 (63)

(c) If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Clause 10.7, the amount in the Liquidity Account may, subject to the Issuer being in compliance with Financial Covenants immediately thereafter, be used as part payment in relation to the mandatory prepayment.

(d) Upon the occurrence of several Mandatory Prepayment Events, the Issuer shall only be obliged to pay one redemption amount.

(e) In the event that a Mandatory Prepayment Event relates to the sale or Total Loss of one of the Vessels or one of the Vessel Owners, then, after such prepayment has been implemented, the remaining Scheduled Instalments shall be reduced by 60% and all future First Bareboat Charter Hire and Second Bareboat Charter Hire after the date of that prepayment shall be amended accordingly (i.e. covering at least 100% of (i) daily accruals of interest on the Bonds and Scheduled Instalments due within the next six months, and (ii) amounts of out of pocket costs or expenses or operational or administrative expenses incurred by the Issuer Group).

(f) Once (i) the relevant amount of the outstanding Bonds referred to above have been redeemed and (ii) any accrued and outstanding daily bareboat hire under the relevant Bareboat Charter have been paid in full and the relevant Vessel Owner has transferred all its rights related to the relevant Vessel Owner Earnings Account to the Issuer, the corresponding Vessel Owner should further be released from any obligation under the Finance Documents.

10.8 Total Loss Prepayment
(a) Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly once insurance proceeds are available, but in any event no later than sixty (60) days following the Total Loss Event, redeem (a) 100% of the outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount) if related to both Vessels or (b) 60% of the outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount) if related one of the Vessels.

(b) If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Clause 10.8, the amount in the Liquidity Account or any of the insurance proceeds, subject to the Issuer being in compliance with Financial Covenants immediately thereafter, may be used as part payment in relation to the Total Loss prepayment.

(c) Once (i) the relevant amount of the outstanding Bonds referred to above have been redeemed and (ii) any accrued and outstanding daily bareboat hire under the relevant Bareboat Charter has been paid in full and the relevant Vessel Owner has transferred all its rights related to the relevant Vessel Owner Earnings Account to the Issuer, the corresponding Vessel Owner should further be released from any obligation under the Finance Documents.

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 11.1.1

Covenant to pay
The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

#2390835/14618454/1

28 (63)

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 11.2.1

Payment mechanics
If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the [Issuer]/[any Obligor] or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 11.3.1

Currency
If As the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-off and counterclaims
[The Issuer may not]/[No Obligor may] apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 11.5.1

Interest in the event of late payment
In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due

#2390835/14618454/1

29 (63)

date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2

The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13. COVENANTS

13.1 13.1.1

General
The Issuer and the Vessel Owners undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Issuer Group Financial Statements and make them available on its the Ultimate Parent's website in the , or on a website relating to the Issuer, in English language (alternatively by arranging for publication

#2390835/14618454/1

30 (63)

at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules and regulations;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Issuer Group Interim Accounts and make them available on its the Ultimate Parent's website , or on a website relating to the Issuer, in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules and regulations;

(e) without being requested to do so, at least semi-annually in connection with the publication of its Interim Accounts, or following an Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee, at the Issuer's own cost, send to the Bond Trustee reports on the Charter Free Market Value of the Vessels [not to be dated more than ninety (90) days prior to the date of submission to the Bond Trustee]5;

(f) (e)at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(g) (f)without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(h) (g)if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(i) (h)if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(j) (i)without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(k) (j)within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer , the Ultimate Parent and the Charterer6 shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 Schedule 2 (Compliance Certificate) hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer , the Charterer and the Ultimate Parent (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

5 Not in TS, but in line with the CP section 6 Note that we have included all three companies/all financial covenants in the same compliance certificate for ease of monitoring compliance

#2390835/14618454/1

31 (63)

13.3 Financial Covenants7 The following financial covenants shall be complied with at any time:
(a) Minimum Liquidity: The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Issuer has at any time minimum USD 5 million per Vessel on the Liquidity Account.
(b) Asset Coverage Ratio: The aggregate Charter Free Market Value of the Vessels shall at all time exceed 125% of the aggregated outstanding principal amount under the Bond Issue.
13.4 Issuer's 13.3General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
(b) Mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any demerger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the its business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.
The Issuer shall ensure that each Vessel Owner remains a single-purpose company (with no Subsidiaries) owning and bareboat chartering the relevant Vessel.
(e) Disposal of business
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's its assets or operations, unless: the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.7 (Mandatory Prepayment).
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and

7 Note that the Current Ratio requirement is included in the Covenant Agreement #2390835/14618454/1

32 (63)

(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
The Issuer shall not engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the Issuer, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
(g) Corporate status
The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.
(h) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.
13.5 Issuer's 13.4Special covenants (a) Ownership to [Obligors/Subsidiaries]
(a) Investment restrictions
The Issuer shall not invest or take part in any other activity which is not solely related to the ownership of the Vessel Owners.
(b) Dividends and other distributions
(c) Subsidiaries' borrowings and distributions
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares, make any other distribution to its shareholder (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any share issued by any party).
(c) (d)Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets, including assignment of any of its rights under the Project Documents, or enter into arrangements having a similar effect, except for (a) any Security Interest or (b) any lien or security arising by operation of law.
(d) (e)Financial Indebtedness restrictions

#2390835/14618454/1

33 (63)

The Issuer shall not incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than the (i) Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue, (ii) any Subordinated Loans or (iii) any Vessel Owner Receivable.
(e) Financial support restrictions
The Issuer shall not grant any loans, guarantees, or other financial assistance to any party, other than the Security Documents and any Internal Loan.
(f) Subordinated Loans
(i) The Issuer Parent shall on the disbursement date provide a Subordinated Loan to the Issuer by way of the Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable (as defined and described in Schedule 1 (Settlement Procedure) as the required Additional Capital.
(ii) Additional Subordinated Loans may be provided if considered convenient.
(g) Project Documents
(i) The Issuer shall enforce any rights that it has to ensure that the relevant Vessel is to the best of its knowledge at all times operated, insured and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents.
(ii) The Issuer shall not agree to or permit any changes to the Project Documents, except as permitted under paragraph (e) of Clause 13.8 (Intra-Group charter contracts covenants and application of earnings), changes to the Management Agreement as a consequence of Alternative Charter Arrangements and variations to the service fee payable under the Business Service Agreement.
(h) Review of the Issuer's accounts following the occurrence of an Event of Default
The Issuer shall upon the request of the Bond Trustee (at any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default) facilitate a review of the Issuer's accounts by an auditor appointed by the Bond Trustee at the Issuer's cost, and have satisfactory control systems in place which may also be subject for review;
(i) Sanctions
The Issuer shall procure that none of the Vessels will operate in Libya, Venezuela, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country or area being subject to Sanctions.
13.6 Vessel Owners' General 13.5Covenantsregarding the Guarantor[s] (a) Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that the obligations of each Guarantor under any Finance Document to which it is a party shall at all time rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Guarantor (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

#2390835/14618454/1

34 (63)

Each Vessel Owner shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
(b) Mergers
No Vessel Owner shall carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the relevant Vessel Owner with any other companies or entities.
(c) De-mergers
No Vessel Owner shall carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities.
(d) (b)Continuation of business
(i) The Issuer No Vessel Owner shall ensure that each Guarantor shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature or scope of the of its business of the Guarantor from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.
(ii) Each Vessel Owner shall remain a single-purpose company (with no Subsidiaries) owning and bareboat chartering the relevant Vessel.
(e)(c) Disposal of business
The Issuer No Vessel Owner shall ensure that each Guarantor shall not sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of such Guarantor's its assets or operations, unless: the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.7 (Mandatory Prepayment).
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f)(d) Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall ensure that no Guarantor shall enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
No Vessel Owner shall engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the relevant Vessel Owner's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the relevant Vessel Owner, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
(g)(e) Corporate status
The Issuer shall ensure that no Guarantor No Vessel Owner shall change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

#2390835/14618454/1

35 (63)

(h)(f) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall ensure that each Guarantor shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.
Each Vessel Owner shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.
13.7 Vessel Owner's Special Covenants (a) Charter Contracts
The Vessel Owners shall procure under any First Bareboat Charter (and any replacement thereof) that any Charter Contract shall be entered into directly between the Charterer or any Qualified Subsidiary and any Client.
(b) Investment restrictions
No Vessel Owner shall make any investments or capital expenditures in any other activity than solely related to the ownership and ordinary operation of each respective Vessel.
(c) Negative pledge
No Vessel Owner shall create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets, including assignment of any of its rights under the Project Documents, or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for (i) the Security Documents, (ii) any Security arising by operation of law or (iii) any Security granted over an asset which has been provided on retention of title terms in the ordinary course of business (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services).
(d) Financial Indebtedness restrictions
No Vessel Owner shall incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than the (i) Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue, (ii) any Subordinated Loan or (iii) any Internal Loan.
(e) Financial support restrictions
No Vessel Owner shall grant any loans, guarantees, or other financial assistance to any party, other than (i) the Security Documents and any lien, (ii) any Vessel Owner Receivable and (iii) guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business (including guarantees relating to the ownership and employment of its Vessel).
(f) Project Documents
(i) Each Vessel Owner shall enforce any rights that it has to ensure that the relevant Vessel is to the best of its knowledge at all times operated, insured and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents.

#2390835/14618454/1

36 (63)

(ii) No Vessel Owner shall agree to or permit any changes to the Project Documents, except as permitted under paragraph (e) of Clause 13.8 (IntraGroup charter contracts covenants and application of earnings), changes to the Management Agreement as a consequence of Alternative Charter Arrangements and variations to the service fee payable under the Business Service Agreement.
(g) Review of the Vessel Owners' accounts following the occurrence of an Event of Default
Each Vessel Owner shall upon the request of the Bond Trustee (at any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default) facilitate a review of the Vessel Owners' accounts by an auditor appointed by the Bond Trustee at the Issuer's cost, and have satisfactory control systems in place which may also be subject for review;
(h) Sanctions
The Issuer shall procure that none of the Vessels will operate in Libya, Venezuela, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country or area being subject to Sanctions.
13.8 Intra-Group charter contracts covenants and application of earnings (a) Bareboat Charters
(i) The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall procure that the Vessels are at all times employed pursuant to a First Bareboat Charter and a Second Bareboat Charter or Alternative Charter Arrangements.
(ii) The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall procure under any Bareboat Charter and, if applicable, any Alternative Charter Arrangement that the Charterer remains responsible for all costs, including insurance, operational and maintenance costs, relating to the Vessels.
(b) First Bareboat Charter Hire
(i) The net daily charter hire payable under each First Bareboat Charter (and any replacement thereof) (the "First Bareboat Charter Hire") shall be equal to 50% of the sum of (i) daily accruals of interest on the Bonds (net of its share of any gross up of any withholding tax on any payments to the Bondholders), (ii) daily accruals towards any instalment of Scheduled Instalments due within the following six months, and (iii) any amount required to reimburse the members of the Issuer Group for all amounts of out of pocket costs or expenses or operational or administrative expenses they have incurred, including without limitations amounts payable under the Business Service Agreement, and fees and expenses incurred by the Issuer in relation to the Bond Issue.
(ii) In the event that any withholding tax or similar should be imposed on payments of First Bareboat Charter Hire, there shall be a gross up of such payments, so that the entire cost of such withholding shall be to the account of the relevant Interco Subsidiary.

#2390835/14618454/1

37 (63)

(iii) The First Bareboat Charter Hire shall be payable monthly in advance on, unless a time charter has been entered into by the relevant Vessel Owner in accordance with Alternative Charter Arrangements, a "hell and high water" basis (meaning that except for a Total Loss Event, the relevant Interco Subsidiary (or, if applicable due to an Alternative Charter Arrangement, the Charterer or a Qualified Subsidiary) may not terminate the First Bareboat Charter for cause and the relevant Interco Subsidiary (or, if applicable due to an Alternative Charter Arrangement, the Charterer or a Qualified Subsidiary) is obliged to pay the First Bareboat Charter Hire in all circumstances from and including the delivery of the relevant Vessel under the charter contract until the Final Maturity Date).
(iv) All payments of First Bareboat Charter Hire shall, unless a time charter has been entered into by the relevant Vessel Owner in accordance with Alternative Charter Arrangements, be 100% guaranteed by the Charterer.
(c) Second Bareboat Charter Hire
(i) The daily charter hire payable under each Second Bareboat Charter (and any replacement thereof) (the "Second Bareboat Charter Hire") shall be payable monthly in advance on an "as and when" basis and:
(A) shall be set at a market rate;
(B) may have differential rates depending on utilisation of the relevant Vessel; and
(C) may be amended from time to time by written agreement of the relevant Interco Subsidiary and the Charterer or, if applicable due to an Alternative Charter Arrangement, the relevant Qualified Subsidiary,
provided always that the Second Bareboat Charter Hire shall not be less on a per-day basis than the First Bareboat Charter Hire.
(ii) In the event that any withholding tax or similar should be imposed on payments of Second Bareboat Charter Hire, there shall be a gross up of such payments, so that the entire cost of such withholding shall be to the account of the Charterer or, if applicable, the relevant Qualified Subsidiary.
(d) Application of Earnings
The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall procure that all payments of First Bareboat Charter Hire and all other net earnings relating to the Vessels, including insurance and sale proceeds, are be paid into the relevant Vessel Owner's Earnings Account, and the Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall procure that the following transfers and payments are made on a monthly basis within five (5) days after receipt of such earnings ("Transfer Date"):
(i) firstly, each Vessel Owner shall transfer from its Vessel Owner Earnings Account to the Issuer Earnings Account as an advance payment a proportionate amount of any amounts falling due under any Internal Loan on the next

#2390835/14618454/1

38 (63)

Interest Payment Date to ensure all amounts due on the next Interest Payment Date is paid by the Vessel Owners on or before that due date;
(ii) secondly, each Vessel Owner shall set aside and retain on the Vessel Owners' Earnings Account or, if considered convenient, the Vessel Owners' Operating Account an amount sufficient to cover operational and administrative costs of the relevant Vessel Owner, including SG&A, and including amounts payable under the Business Service Agreement (unless such fees payable to the Charterer have been set off against the charter hire);
(iii) thirdly, each Vessel Owner shall transfer to the Issuer Earnings Account an amount sufficient to cover operational and administrative costs of the Issuer, including SG&A, and including amounts payable under the Business Service Agreement (unless such fees payable to the Charterer have been set off against the charter hire); and
(iv) each Vessel Owner shall transfer any remaining amounts standing to the credit of its Vessel Owner Earnings Account to the Issuer Earnings Account.
(e) Alternative Charter Arrangements
(i) If required for tax purposes and subject to the condition in sub-paragraph (iii) below:
(A) any of the First Bareboat Charters may be replaced with:
(1) a bareboat charter agreement entered into by the relevant Vessel Owner directly with the Charterer or any Qualified Subsidiary (all payments under such bareboat charter agreement with a Qualified Subsidiary to be guaranteed by the Charterer); or
(2) a time charter entered into by the relevant Vessel Owner directly with the relevant Interco Subsidiary, the Charterer or any Qualified Subsidiary, subject to the Charterer providing an unconditional and irrevocable on demand guarantee for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents (a "Charterer Bond Guarantee"), any such Charterer Bond Guarantee to be limited to an amount equal to the aggregate amount, calculated immediately prior to a Default being declared, of Interest Payments (whether accrued or not) and the present value of the Scheduled Instalments; and
(B) any of the Second Bareboat Charters may be:
(1) replaced with a time charter entered into by the relevant Interco Subsidiary directly with the Charterer or any Qualified Subsidiary; or
(2) novated by the Charterer to a Qualified Subsidiary.

#2390835/14618454/1

39 (63)

(ii) The net hire receivable by each Vessel Owner under any Alternative Charter Arrangements (after accounting for any expenses which the Vessel Owner may incur as a result of such Alternative Charter Arrangements, including under any Management Agreement), shall be not less than the relevant First Bareboat Charter Hire.
(iii) Alternative Charter Arrangements may only be entered into on the condition that the Bondholders will obtain a security position which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, is no less favourable to the Bondholders under such Alternative Charter Arrangements than as contemplated herein. In particular, Security over the Vessel Owners', the Interco Subsidiaries' and any Qualified Subsidiary's (as applicable) rights under the Alternative Charter Arrangement (whether a bareboat charter or time charter) shall be provided as security for the Obligors' obligations under the Finance Documents and evidenced to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee, including by way of legal opinions in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, if requested by the Bond Trustee.
(iv) Under any Charterer Bond Guarantee, the present value of the Scheduled Instalments shall be calculated by applying a discount factor of 50bps.
13.9 Bank Accounts (a) General: The Issuer and each of the Vessel Owners shall maintain at any time all their bank accounts with first class international bank(s) with a credit rating of at least `A' or Royal Bank of Scotland plc, as selected by the Issuer, save for the Escrow Account and the Liquidity Account which shall be in Nordea Bank Norge ASA in Norway.
(b) Escrow Account
(i) The Issuer shall prior to the Settlement Date establish an Escrow Account with the Nordea Bank Norge ASA in Norway, and the net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred by the Managers to the Escrow Account on the Issue Date. The Escrow Account shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee and blocked.
(ii) The funds in the Escrow Account shall only be (i) used by the Issuer according to Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization) or, alternatively, (ii) used by the Issuer in connection with an early repayment of the Bonds in the event that the conditions precedent in Clause 6.2 for any reason are not satisfied within ninety (90) days after the Issue Date at (a) par value (together with accrued interest) if such failure to comply with the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent is beyond the control of the Issuer and (b) otherwise at the rate applicable as set out in Clause 10.7 (Mandatory Prepayment).
(c) Issuer's Earnings Account
(i) The Issuer shall procure that all payments from each Vessel Owner as borrower under the relevant Internal Loans and all other amounts receivable by the

#2390835/14618454/1

40 (63)

Issuer shall be paid directly by each Vessel Owner to the Issuer Earnings Account.
(ii) The Issuer Earnings Account shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee, but not blocked (unless an Event of Default is continuing), and amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Issuer Earnings Account shall (amongst other) be utilised by the Issuer to service the Bonds as and when such payments under the Bonds are due as transfers to the Issuer's Debt Service Account.
(d) Issuer's Debt Service Account
(i) Commencing from the Issue Date, the Issuer shall on a monthly basis ensure that an amount equivalent to 1/6 of the next coupon payment under the Bond Issue is transferred to the Issuer Debt Service Account. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, on a monthly basis commencing from six (6) months after the Issue Date ensure that an amount equivalent to 1/6 of the next Scheduled Instalments (as defined above) is transferred to the Issuer Debt Service Account.
(ii) The Issuer Debt Service Account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders). The deposited amount shall only be released and applied for payments of interest and Scheduled Instalments in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
(e) Liquidity Account: The Issuer shall prior to the release from the Escrow Account open a Liquidity Account with Nordea Bank Norge ASA in Norway. In connection with the draw-down from the Escrow Account, the Issuer shall deposit an amount equal to the Minimum Liquidity into the Liquidity Account. The Liquidity Account shall be held with Nordea Bank Norge ASA in Norway, pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and blocked.
(f) Vessel Owners' Earnings Accounts: Each Vessel Owner shall procure that all its First Bareboat Charter Hire, all of that Vessel Owner's other net earnings relating to its Vessel and any insurance or sale proceeds shall be paid to the relevant Vessel Owner Earnings Account. Each Vessel Owner Earnings Account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee with a standing order to make the payments referred to in the Application of Earnings above.
(g) Vessel Owners' Operating Accounts: Each Vessel may open a Vessel Owners' Operating Account, which shall be pledged, but not blocked, for the purpose of setting aside the amounts to be set aside pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (d) (Application of Earnings) of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).
13.10 Vessel Covenants (a) Maintenance
Each Vessel Owner shall enforce any rights that it may have to ensure that the Vessel is to the best of its knowledge at all times operated and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents, proper industry standards and according to a planned maintenance system.

#2390835/14618454/1

41 (63)

(b) Insurances
(i) The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall procure that:
(A) the Charterer at all times provides for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of insurances of each of the Vessels and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, including as set out in subparagraph (B) below, hereunder to retain each of the Vessels in class;
(B) under the Bareboat Charters (and any replacement thereof) each of the Vessels shall be required to be adequately insured against (i) Hull & Machinery risks at least to the full value of each of the Vessels and in aggregate at least 120% of the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents, (ii) third party liability insurance (P&I) as per industry standards, (iii) war risk (including expropriation risk) as per industry standards and (iv) any additional insurance required under any law or any Charter Contract;
(C) all insurances shall be maintained with reputable insurers of financial standing as approved by the Bond Trustee;
(D) the Trustee shall be named as an additional co-assured on the insurances set out above (except for the third party liability insurance (P&I)); and
(E) the insurances and loss payee clause shall be in accordance with the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan or other insurances with no less favourable terms and standard letters of undertaking or similar shall be issued in favour of the Trustee in respect of the insurances set out above.
(ii) The Trustee may (on behalf of the Bondholders) take out Mortgagee's Interest Insurance, and Mortgagee's Additional Perils and Pollution Insurance for a Vessel operating in areas where MAPPI is relevant from time to time (in the opinion of the Trustee), on market terms at the cost of the Issuer and for the exclusive benefit of the Bondholders.
(c) Title
(i) Each Vessel Owner shall hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in its Vessel and the insurances taken out in respect of the Vessel and assigned to the Bond Trustee, free of any and all Security except for that expressly permitted under Clause 13 (Covenants).
(ii) No Vessel Owner shall dispose of a Vessel unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.7 (Mandatory Prepayment).
(d) Class, flag, name, registry
From the delivery date, the Issuer and each Vessel Owner shall ensure that each Vessels maintains its class, flag and name, and that it remains registered in the Marshall Islands only, and that the Vessels are submitted to such periodic or other surveys as may be

#2390835/14618454/1

42 (63)

required for classification purposes and to ensure full compliance with regulations of the applicable ship registry.
(e) Operations in accordance with laws etc.
The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall at all times ensure that the Vessels are operated in accordance with any relevant laws, regulations, administrative decisions and/or other public authorities as applicable from time to time and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
(f) Condition and repairs
The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall at all times ensure that the Vessels are kept in a good, safe and efficient condition and state of repair consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards.
14. FEES AND EXPENSES 14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the
Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from [the Issuer /any Obligor] or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is

#2390835/14618454/1

43 (63)

(after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 - (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the
following events:
(a) Non-payment
The Issuer Any of the Obligors or any security provider fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach of other obligations under the Finance Documents
[The Issuer]/[Any Obligor] , any Covenant Provider or other security provider does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Breach of other obligations under the Project Documents
Any Obligor or any Covenant Provider does not comply with any provision pursuant to the Project Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(d) (c)Cross default
If for [any Group Company]/[any Obligor]:, any Covenant Provider or any other member of the Charterer Group:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

#2390835/14618454/1

44 (63)

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of NOK 10 USD five (5) million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply, however excluding any default under the existing vessel financing (to be repaid on the disbursement date) arising between the Issue Date and the disbursement date.
(e) (d)Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(f) (e)Insolvency
(i) [A Group Company]/[ Any Obligor], , any Covenant Provider or any other member of the Charterer Group is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.
(ii) The value of the assets of any Obligor, any Covenant Provider or any other member of the Charterer Group is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities)
(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any Obligor, any Covenant Provider or any other member of the Charterer Group.
(g) (f)Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If for [any Group Company]/[any Obligor]any Obligor, any Covenant Provider or any other member of the Charterer Group, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

#2390835/14618454/1

45 (63)

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) its dissolution,
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.
(h) (g)Creditors' process
[Any Group Company]/[any Obligor , any Covenant Provider or any other member of the Charterer Group has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.
(i) (h)Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for [any Group Company]/[any Obligor ] , any Covenant Provider or any other member of the Charterer Group to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document or Project Document to which it is a party.
(j) (i)Material Adverse Change
Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due

#2390835/14618454/1

46 (63)

to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.210.5.

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 16.1.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

#2390835/14618454/1

47 (63)

16.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and ­ , provided the Bonds are listed ­ , representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 16.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

#2390835/14618454/1

48 (63)

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 16.4.1

Repeated Bondholders' meeting
If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 17.1.1

The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and

#2390835/14618454/1

49 (63)

adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5

The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 17.2.1

Liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted

#2390835/14618454/1

50 (63)

in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent 17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require [the Issuer]/[each Obligor] and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

#2390835/14618454/1

51 (63)

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 18.2.1

Defeasance
The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for nonNorwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

#2390835/14618454/1

52 (63)

(c) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of[ the Issuer]/[each Obligor] Obligors or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a) [the Issuer]/[all Obligors] shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies no Obligor shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) ­ (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

#2390835/14618454/1

53 (63)

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 18.4.1

Access to information
This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 18.6.1

Notices, contact information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc . to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and [the Issuer]/[, any Obligor] or any other Group Company shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

#2390835/14618454/1

54 (63)

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 18.7.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and [the Issuer]/[any Obligor]any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and [the Issuer]/[any Obligor], shall, subject to paragraph c) Clause 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent
The Issuer Obligors shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

*****

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

#2390835/14618454/1

55 (63)

SIGNATORIES:

Issuer: Harkand Finance Inc.
By: ________________________________ Name: Title:

Bond Trustee:Vessel Owner 1: Harkand Atlantis Inc.
By: ________________________________ Name: Title:

Vessel Owner 2: Harkand Da Vinci Inc.
By: ________________________________ Name: Title:

Bond Trustee: Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
By: ________________________________ Name: Title:

#2390835/14618454/1

56 (63)

SCHEDULE 1 SETTLEMENT PROCEDURE

On the disbursement date, a number of transaction steps, including the following, will be implemented simultaneously and on an inter-conditional basis so that no one step will be implemented unless all are implemented in order for the Vessel Owners to acquire the Vessels. Amounts given are estimates and liable to change following confirmation of the disbursement date and applicable balances as well as confirmation of fees costs and expenses.

The transaction steps can be summarised as follows:-

1.

Vessel Owner 1 will acquire from Iremis Interco Ltd. (Sharjah branch) (the "Existing

Bareboat Charterer") all of its rights relating to the Atlantis, including the call option to acquire it,

at a price of [88.7] million, which will remain outstanding as a receivable in the hands of the

Existing Bareboat Charterer (the "Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 1").

2.

Vessel Owner 2 will acquire from the Existing Bareboat Charterer all of its rights relating to

the Da Vinci, including the call option to acquire it, at a price of [88.7] million, which will remain

outstanding as a receivable in the hands of the Existing Bareboat Charterer (the "Existing Bareboat

Charterer Receivable 2").

3.

USD [66.3] million of the funds released from the from the Escrow Account in accordance

with Purpose of the Bond Issue (ii) above will be applied by the Issuer to Vessel Owner 1 as an

Internal Loan (the "Internal Loan 1"), and Vessel Owner 1 will on-lend the proceeds to Iremis (the

"Iremis Loan 1")

4.

USD [66.3] million of the funds released from the Escrow Account in accordance with

Purpose of the Bond Issue (ii) above will be applied by the Issuer to Vessel Owner 2 as an Internal

Loan (the "Internal Loan 2"), which will on-lend the proceeds to Iremis (the "Iremis Loan 2")

5.

Iremis will use the proceeds of Iremis Loan 1 and Iremis Loan 2 to repay in full USD [132.6]

million debt outstanding to Natixis and the junior lenders secured on the Atlantis and Da Vinci (the

"Existing Debt").

6.

Vessel Owner 1 will exercise the call option to acquire the Atlantis. Harkand Atlantis Marine

Investment SA will transfer registered title to the Atlantis to Vessel Owner 1.

7.

Repayment of the Existing Debt will cause Iremis to recognise receivables of USD [66.3]

from Vessel Owner 1 and USD [66.3] million from Vessel Owner 2. These receivables will offset

against Iremis Loan 1 and Iremis Loan 2, respectively, reducing the net balance receivable in each

case to nil.

8.

The remaining funds released from the Escrow Account in accordance with Purpose of the

Bond Issue (ii) above in the amount of USD [80.7] million will be lent by the Issuer to Iremis (the

"Iremis Loan 3").

9.

Iremis will use the proceeds of Iremis Loan 3 ([80.7] million) to repay debt outstanding to

International Shipping Finance 4711 Limited, a shareholder affiliate ("ISF"). ISF will reinvest these

cash proceeds in the Charter Parent.

#2390835/14618454/1

57 (63)

10. Vessel Owner 2 will exercise the call option to acquire the Da Vinci. Harkand Da Vinci Marine Investment SA will transfer registered title to the Atlantis to Vessel Owner 2.
11. The Existing Bareboat Charterer will assign the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 1 and the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 2 to its immediate parent company, Iremis, in return for a back to back receivable equal to the sum of these two receivables (USD [177.4] million).
12. Vessel Owner 1 will novate its liabilities under the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 1 to the Issuer, in return for accepting a back to back intercompany liability to the Issuer of equal amount ([88.7] million). This intercompany liability will be added to the balance of the Internal Loan 1, bringing the balance to USD 155 million.
13. Vessel Owner 2 will novate its liabilities under the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 2 to the Issuer, in return for accepting a back to back intercompany liability to the Issuer of equal amount ([88.7] million). This intercompany liability will be added to the balance of the Internal Loan 2, bringing the balance to USD 155 million.
14. The Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 1 and the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 2 (together, the "Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable") will represent a liability of the Issuer towards Iremis of USD [177.4 million]. The Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable will offset against the Iremis Loan 3, reducing the net balance of the Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable to USD [96.7].
15. Iremis will distribute the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable to its immediate parent, the Charterer, as dividend in specie or in return for a back to back receivable of the same amount.
16. The Charterer will distribute the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable to its immediate parent, the Charter Parent, as dividend in specie or in return for a back to back receivable of the same amount. The Charter Parent will convert any such receivable into a preference share in the Charterer.
17. The Charterer Parent will distribute the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable to its immediate parent, the Ultimate Parent, as dividend in specie or in return for a back to back receivable of the same amount.
18. The Ultimate Parent will contribute the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable to its immediate subsidiary, the Issuer Parent, in return for a back to back receivable of the same amount (constituting a Subordinated Loan).

#2390835/14618454/1

58 (63)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

SCHEDULE 2SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE8

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

NX BOND AGREEMENT Y1/Y2 Harkand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Bond Agreement 2014/2019 ISIN 001 IX[]
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned and Harkand Finance Inc. as Issuer , and the Covenant Agreement, in each case under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 of the Bond Agreement and Clause 1 (Information Covenants) of the Covenant Agreement, we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer Obligors since

the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.;

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 13 (Covenants) of the Bond Agreement are satisfied;

3.

the covenants set out in Clause 5 (Ultimate Parent Covenants), Clause 6 (Charterer

covenants) and Clause 3 (Financial Covenants) of the Covenant Agreement are satisfied;

4.

3.all relevant Security is established in accordance with this the Bond Agreement,;

5.

4.in accordance with Clause 13.x.x, the Equity Ratio as of [date] is XX 13.[3] (Financial

Covenants) of the Bond Agreement:

(a) Minimum Liquidity: The Issuer has USD [] on the Liquidity Account; and

(b) Asset Coverage Ratio: The aggregate Charter Free Market Value of the Vessels is []% of the aggregated outstanding principal amount under the Bond Issue.

6.

in accordance with Clause [3] (Financial Covenants) of the Covenant Agreement:

8 To be discussed whether the Charterer Group

#2390835/14618454/1

59 (63)

Current Ratio: The Charterer Group's Current Ratio is minimum 1:1.

5.

the value of the Vessel as of [date] is XX, see enclosed statement from XX

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

NX

The Issuer:

Harkand Finance Inc.

___________________ Name of authorized person

The Ultimate Parent: Harkand Luxembourg Holdings sarl
___________________ Name of authorized person

The Charterer: Harkand EMEA Limited
___________________ Name of authorized person

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

#2390835/14618454/1

60 (63)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

SCHEDULE 3SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE ­ ESCROW ACCOUNT

[date]

Dear Sirs,
NX BOND AGREEMENT Y1/Y2 Harkand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Bond Agreement 2014/2019 ISIN 001 IX[] We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account to be applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement in accordance with the agreed closing procedure, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
NX
Harkand Finance Inc.
___________________ Name of authorized person

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

#2390835/14618454/1

61 (63)

SCHEDULE 4 FORM OF COVENANT AGREEMENT
[circulated separately]

#2390835/14618454/1

62 (63)

