NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA på telefon +47 22 87 94 00.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001058242.2 - FRN Bergen Group ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2010/2013
Oslo, 19 November 2012
R equest for w aiver and am endm ent - Summons to B ondholders' M eetings
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM" or the "Trustee") acts as trustee for the holders of bonds (the "Bondholders") in the following loan: the NOK 330 million "FRN Bergen Group ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2010/2013" with ISIN NO 001058242.2 (the "Bonds") where Bergen Group ASA ("Bergen Group" or the "Company" or the "Issuer") is the borrower.
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement related to the Bonds (the "Bond Agreement") or the summons to this bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
The information in this summons regarding the Company and market conditions is provided by the Company, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. BACKGROUND
On 15 November 2012 the Company announced its financial figures for the 3rd quarter 2012 which showed a consolidated EBITDA for the quarter of negative NOK 165 million. The strong performance in the Offshore and Services divisions was more than offset by a significant cost increase within the Shipbuilding division due to delayed hulls from the sub-contractors and cost overruns on the shipbuilding projects, resulting in an EBITDA for the quarter of negative NOK 221 million in Bergen Group Shipbuilding. Consequently, the Company is in breach of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA applicable for the Bonds. For the same reason, the Company will also have to consider writing down parts of the booked goodwill in Bergen Group Shipbuilding which will negatively affect the Company's Booked Equity. The Company hereby summons to a Bondholders' Meeting in which the Company is asking the Bondholders to consent to a waiver for the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA covenant and to accept a reduction of the Booked Equity covenant.
Furthermore, to facilitate a possible early repayment o f the Bonds prior to the scheduled maturity date being 9 July 2013, the Company is asking the Bondholders to accept an
i
POBox 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
amendment of the Bond Agreement by including a call option for the remaining tenor of the Bonds. The Company has secured a fully committed bank loan facility from Sparebank 1 SRBank (the "Bank Loan Facility"). The Bank Loan Facility will refinance all existing bank debt in Bergen Group Offshore and Bergen Group Services and release a substantial amount of cash which may be utilized within the Group. Availability of the Bank Loan Facility is subject to the Bondholders Meeting accepting the waiver request as described in 2.1 below. As the Bank Loan Facility is requiring a pledge in all shares of Bergen Group Rosenberg, a Share Pledge Release Event will be triggered implying a Mandatory Redemption of NOK 82.5 million at a price of 101% plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount. In addition to this summons letter, the Issuer has provided a separate document which is intended to give an update on the Issuer's financial and operational status (the "Company Update") and enclosed as Exhibit 1 to this summons. Bondholders are encouraged to read both documents.
Please also see the 3Q 2012 report and presentation for further information at www.bergengroup.no
1.1. BONDHOLDERS CONFERENCE CALL The Company will host a conference call for the Bondholders on Thursday 27 November 2012 at 10:00 Oslo time. The relevant presentation material will he available on the Company's webpage from 08:00 on 27 November 2012. Call-in details will be made available to the Bondholders by contacting the Advisors; Pareto Securities at +47 22 87 87 70 and/or Swedbank First Securities at + 47 23 11 62 77.
1.2. FURTHER INFORMATION For further information about the Company, please refer to the web site www.bergengroup.no.
2. THE PROPOSED WAIVERS AND AMENDMENT TO THE BOND AGREEMENT
2.1. THE WAIVER REQUEST AND PROPOSAL On the back of the weak performance of Bergen Group Shipbuilding, the EBITDA will be significantly negatively affected on a trailing 12 months basis. Hence the Company
2
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 j Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
is in breach of the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA covenant and expects to be in breach o f this financial covenant going forward.
On the back of the weak results, the Company may also decide to write down parts of the goodwill in Bergen Group Shipbuilding to better reflect this situation. The Company asks the Bondholders to accept a reduction of the Booked Equity covenant to facilitate such potential write-down.
Hence, in accordance with Clause 16.2 in the Bond Agreement, the Company has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholder's Meeting for the Bonds in order to consider a waiver request (as further described below) in relation to (i) the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA covenant, and (ii) the Booked Equity covenant, in clause 13.5 (b) and (c) in the Bond Agreement pursuant to the authority given to the Bondholder's Meeting under Clause 16.1 in the Bond Agreement.
As a compensation for accepting such waiver, the Company offers the following:
1. An extraordinary redemption of NOK 47.5 million at a price equal to 101% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount. Such redemption to be carried out by the Company as soon as practically possible, however no later than within 21 December 2012. Following this extraordinary redemption and the Mandatory Redemption as mentioned in 1.0 above, the total outstanding amount under the Bond Agreement will be NOK 200 million; and
2. no dividend payments or similar to be made throughout the tenor of the Bonds.
2.2. Ti l l AMENDMENT REQUEST AND PROPOSAL In order to best facilitate a full repayment or refinancing of the Bonds in due course, the Company proposes to include a call option for the remaining tenor of the Bonds at a price equal to 101% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
As a compensation for accepting such amendment, the Company offers the following:
1. The Bonds to be repaid at the Maturity Date at 101% of par value.
2.3 THE PROPOSAL
Based on the above, the Company hereby proposes the following to the Bondholders (the "Proposal"):
(At Waiving the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA covenant
The Company proposes that the Bondholders are waiving the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA covenant in Clause 13.5(c) in the Bond Agreement for the remaining tenor o f the Bonds as follows:
3
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
The Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA is waived in its entiretyfo r the remaining tenor o f the Bonds.
(B) Waiving and amending the Equity covenant The Company proposes that the Bondholders are waiving and amending the Booked Equity covenant in Clause 13.5(b) in the Bond Agreement for the remaining tenor of the Bonds as follows: The Issuer undertakes to have a Booked Equity o f minimum NOK 800.000.000 (on a consolidated basis) throughout the terms o f the Bond Issue.
tCt Amending the maturity price and the repayment profile The Company proposes that the Bondholders are accepting that the maturity price and the repayment profile are amended by amending clause 10.1 as follows: 10.1.1 The Issuer shall carry out an extraordinary redemption o f Bonds with
aggregate face value equal NOK 47.5 million at a price equal to 101% o f par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount. Such redemption shall: (a) be carried out by the Issuer as soon as practically possible, however no
later than within 21 December 2012. The settlement date o f such redemption shall be agreed upon by the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and the Paying Agent; and (b) be carried out pro rate in accordance with the procedures o f the Securities Depository.
10.1.2 The remaining Outstanding Bonds shall mature infu ll on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at a price equal to 101% o fpar value by the Issuer.
fDj Amending the Dividend Restriction covenant The Company proposes that the Bondholders are accepting that the dividend restriction covenants are amended by amending clause 13.5(a) as follows: From and including 4 December 2012, the Issuer undertakes not declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase o f shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital
4
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo j Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 j Fax: +47 22 87 9410 j www.tmstee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
or equity (but always distributions o f bonus shares not affecting its equity) throughout the terms o f the Bond Issue.

3. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED CHANGES
3.1 Bergen Group's evaluation o f the Proposal
Based on its current financial situation, Bergen Group is of the opinion that the Bondholders are offered a fair and balanced solution with the proposed waiver and amendments to the Bond Agreement, and that the Proposal is beneficial to the Bondholders.
The Company has engaged Pareto Securities AS and Swedbank First Securities (the "Advisors") as its financial advisors with respect to the Proposal. Bondholders may accordingly contact Fixed Income Sales at Pareto Securities at +47 22 87 87 70 and/or Swedbank First Securities at + 47 23 11 62 77 for further information.
The Advisors are acting solely for the Company and no-one else in connection with the Proposal. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the Advisors with respect to the Company and the Advisors expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to the information contained herein).
3.2 Non-reliance
Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Trustee. The Bondholders should independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly.

4. SUMMON FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING Based on the above information, Bondholders' meeting in the Bonds are summoned:

Time: Place:

4 December 2012 at 13:00 (Oslo time) the premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VH's gate 1, Oslo (Norway)

Agenda:
Pursuant to the Bond Agreement, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from NTM.
1. Approval of the summons

5
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
2. Approval of the agenda
3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman
A. Proposed resolution
The Bondholders meeting approve the relevant part o f the Proposal as described in Clause 2.3 in the summonsfo r this Bondholders 'meeting.
B. Effectiveness and execution o f the resolution:
NTM is given the power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders ' meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including to make other necessary amendments o f the Bond Agreements and to collect necessary legal opinions on the transaction and the payment structure and the tax consequences thereof.
According to the Bond Agreement, the abovementioned Proposals requires a qualified majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favor of such proposal and a minimum 5/10 of the outstanding Bonds being represented at the bondholder's meeting. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered).
The individual Bondholder may authorize the Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's form, authorizing Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Trustee as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to NTM, to notify NTM by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
6
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo [ Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 j Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form Exhibit 1 - Company Update
7 PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 j Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

BERGEN
Ss-J!

BERGEN GROUP AS A www. bergengroup. no

Exhibit 1

COMPANY UPDATE

SUMMARY OF THE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Shipbuilding: The weak financial performance in Bergen Group Shipbuilding is primarily due to the following:
· NB89 which was delivered from BG Fosen in October to Volstad Maritime AS, experienced late delivery and an incomplete hull built at Tersan in Turkey which according to the Company's projections will resulted in a negative EBITDA of approximately NOK 136 million on the project due to late delivery penalty and actual cost overruns.
· NB168 is currently at BG BMV with scheduled delivery in IQ 2013 to Sartor Offshore. The hull was built at Zaliv yard in Ukraine and experienced late delivery which according to the Company's projections will result in a negative EBITDA of approximately NOK 43 million on the project due to late delivery penalty and actual and projected cost overruns until delivery.
· NB87 is currently at BG Fosen with scheduled delivery in 2Q 2013 to Fjordline. The hull was built at Stocznia Gdansk yard in Poland and experienced late delivery and incomplete hull which according to the Company's projections will result in a negative EBITDA of approximately NOK 83 million on the project due to late delivery penalty and actual and projected cost overruns until delivery.
· NB88 is under construction at Stocznia Gdansk yard in Poland with sea launch of the hull in IQ 2013. The building of the hull has experienced late delivery which according to the Company's projections will result in a negative EBITDA of approximately NOK 42 million on the project due to late delivery fees and actual and projected cost overruns until delivery.
The Company has implemented comprehensive operational and structural changes in order to improve the performance in the Shipbuilding division:
· Strengthening of the management and control teams o New EVP for BG Shipbuilding in August (MD at BG BMV). o New CEO at BG Fosen in September (externally recruited), o New management team at BG Fosen established, o Reorganization of senior management positions carried out. o CFO nominated for the division - new executive position (externally recruited).
· MoU signed with a European-based global shipbuilder with objective of establishing a joint ownership in Bergen Group Shipbuilding.

o Enabling a vertically integrated value chain for the group's shipbuilding activity to better control cost efficient hull construction.
o Will secure quality in the delivery of the hulls at the right time with the right quality.
o Will strengthen the financial capability for further growth. · Positive progress in future projects
o NB169 (BMV) secured financing. Contract for hull construction awarded to Daewoo HI in Romania.
o Constructive renegotiations on-going with customer for NB90 and NB91 based on lesson learned from NB89.
o High tender activities on newbuilding offshore vessels for both yards. o Extra focus on conversions and major service assignments in order to
secure stable capacity utilization in 2013.
Offshore: Contrary to the weak performance in Bergen Group Shipbuilding, the Offshore division is showing continued strong performance with the key items being:
· Continued strong profit margin in Q3 2012 o NOK 380 million (YTD NOK 1186 million) in revenue and EBITDA margin of 11.8 % (11.6%). o EBITDA of NOK 45 in the quarter (NOK 137 million year to date). o All projects progressing on schedule.
· Strong order intake in 2012 o Order backlog as of 30.09.12: NOK 1.218 million. All time high at BG Rosenberg. o Order growth of 50 % during the last 12-month period. o ConocoPhillips: Extension of the frame agreement for the Greater Ekofisk Area Development for another two years; until the end of 2014. This frame agreement has generated orders for NOK 525 million in 2012.
· Strengthened engineering muscles - prepared for further growth o Close to doubling of the Engineering and Procurement department since 2010. o New expansion of office capacity initiated: 200 additional workplaces at BG Rosenberg available from summer 2013.
Services: Bergen Group Services has showed strong performance with improved results on continuing/stable activity level. The highlights are:
· Stable revenue - increased profit o NOK 174 million in revenue and NOK 12 mill in EBITDA (Dreggen included) in the quarter (EBITDA of NOK 26 million YTD). o Good profitability for the division's maritime and industrial service in the Bergen area and in Kirkenes.
· Increased focus on core business
9

o Dispose of BG Dreggen to Palfinger AG; final closing expected within November.
o Continued focus on further consolidation and market position, o Further development of the long term service relations with the
Norwegian Navy. · Offshore-related focus
o Strengthened offshore competences in the division; new market possibilities within;
o Prefabrication o Electrical systems
Outlook: At the end of Q3 2012, Bergen Group had an order book of NOK 4.8 billion. This represents a growth of 60% for the last 12-month period. A continued positive order intake for all three divisions is expected in the coming quarters.
The high level of activity on the NCS is expected to continue. Large discoveries during 2012 add a positive and robust long-term perspective for the industry. Short- and midterm prognoses are very promising for Bergen Group Offshore's core competences and targeted market areas; such as EPCI, design and study (FEED) contracts, module fabrication, offshore maintenance and modifications, rig modifications, subsea installation and fabrication of structures of steel and piping including surface protection.
The MoU with a well-established international shipbuilding group with the objective of establishing a joint ownership of Bergen Group Shipbuilding division is expected to result in a platform for future collaboration during Q1 2013. This industrial solution, enabling a vertically integrated value chain for the group's shipbuilding activity, is expected to contribute to both improved performance and further growth for the division.
The high activity level within the offshore industry continues to contribute to the underlying demand for renewal of the offshore fleet. This, combined with more complex and advanced field developments in the future, is generating a strong market situation for the shipbuilding industry focusing on high-end offshore vessels. Bergen Group Shipbuilding is involved in various tender activities related to this segment.
The Company expects a more consolidated structure within the Services division to have a positive influence on the operation and future activity. The division has succeeded in establishing a more offshore-focused capacity, and expects this to contribute to further growth in both the mid- and long-term perspective. In addition, long-term service agreements with the Norwegian Navy form an important basis for stable revenue and further development of the division's comprehensive competences in handling complex maritime service operations.
STRUCTURAL AND STRATEGIC PLANS
Bergen Group has during the last quarters evaluated possible structural and financial alternatives for securing a sound financial platform for the Company going forward, and there is a strong focus on structural processes to improve the profitability and financial
10

strength. In late October, the Company signed a Memorandum of Understanding ("MoU") with a European-based global shipbuilder with the objective of establishing a joint ownership of Bergen Group Shipbuilding. The scope of the MoU opens up for the new industrial group to become a principal shareholder in Bergen Group's shipbuilding division, enabling a vertically integrated value chain for the group's shipbuilding activity. The parties will use the next weeks and months to establish a platform for future collaboration based on a majority ownership for the non-disclosed industrial group. The platform for a final agreement is expected to be in place in Q1 2013.
The announced sale of Bergen Group Dreggen is expected to be concluded by the end of November 2012. The SPA is signed and the transaction will contribute with about NOK 100 million which will strengthen the Group's cash position.
In addition to the above, the Company has implemented the following action points to improve the financial performance and increase the financial strengths of the Group:
· Regain profitability in the Shipbuilding division by reengineering structure and de-risking hull production o Organizational development will continue to improve project execution and further synergies between BG Fosen and BG BMV.
· Increase market share in the offshore market via partnerships to address capacity constraints o Solid market outlook in both the short- and long term, o Continued focus on organic growth and recruitment of key personnel.
· Further integration and market coordination of Services with focus on offshore market in addition to ship service o Continued focus on consolidation and capacity utilization, o Further develop ships services to the Norwegian Navy.
FINANCING
The Company has secured a fully committed bank loan facility from Sparebank 1 SRBank (the "Bank Loan Facility"). The Bank Loan Facility will refinance all existing bank debt in Bergen Group Offshore and Bergen Group Services and release a substantial amount of cash which may be utilized within the Group.
Availability of the Bank Loan Facility is subject to the Bondholders Meeting accepting the waiver request as described in 2.1 above. As the Bank Loan Facility is requiring a pledge in all shares of Bergen Group Rosenberg, a Share Pledge Release Event will be triggered as well as a Mandatory Redemption.
In accordance with Clause 10.3.1 in the Bond Agreement the Company is required to redeem NOK 82.5 million at a price equal to 101% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount. Following this redemption the outstanding amount of Bonds is NOK 247.5 million.
Combined, the sale of Bergen Group Dreggen and the Bank Loan Facility will cover all negative cash effects occurring from the negative performance in Bergen Group Shipbuilding as well as the amount payable under the Mandatory Redemption clause.
li

Should the waiver request as described in 2.1 above be approved by the Bondholders, the Company offers to further prepay the Bond bringing the total amount under the Bond Agreement to NOK 200 million, hence significantly reducing the refinancing risk when the Bonds are maturing on 9 July 2013. The Company is currently evaluating various alternatives for a full repayment or refinancing and views this refinancing risk to be at comfortable level.
12

