NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet p å engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the Bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001 033433.7 - FRN Eitzen Chemical ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2011
ISIN NO 001 033434.5 - FRN Eitzen Chemical ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2011
Oslo, 29 November 2012
Summons ("Summons") to Bondholders' Meeting - Restructuring proposal Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the holders of bonds (the "Bondholders") in the "FRN Eitzen Chemical ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2011", consisting of a NOK tranche with ISIN NO 001033434.5 and USD tranche with ISINNO 001033433.7 (the "Bond Issue"), where Eitzen Chemical ASA (the "Company" or the "Issuer") is the issuer.
All capitalized terms used herein shall, unless otherwise defined in this Summons, have the meanings assigned to them in the loan agreement for the Bond Issue (the "Bond Agreement").
The information in this Summons regarding the Company and market conditions are provided by the Company, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. BACKGROUND In view of the continued slow rate of improvement in the chemical tanker market and the agreement with the Company's bank lenders (the "Banks") stipulating the recommencement of fixed debt installments as from the fourth quarter of 2012, the Company commenced a process to evaluate its options to ensure adequate, longer term financial strength and liquidity in January 2012. ABG Sundal Collier Norge ASA was retained as financial advisor to assist in this respect. During the first half of 2012, the Company and its advisers explored various options and had initial discussions with the Banks. In May 2012, the Company approached certain Bondholders who in aggregate represented more than 50% of the Bonds (the "Bondholder Committee") to discuss a potential restructuring of the Company's and its subsidiaries' (collectively the "Group") financial indebtedness. Since that time, the Bondholder Committee has been in discussions with the Company and the Banks regarding a restructuring of the financial indebtedness of the Group. AMA Capital Partners ("AMA") was appointed as financial advisor to assist the Bondholders in the restructuring discussions. In September 2012 and October 2012, a series of meetings was held involving the Bondholder Committee, the Banks, the Company and the respective parties' legal and financial advisors. During this time, an agreement in principle was forged that would provide the Company (or the relevant company in the Group) with an extended period of amortisation deferrals and limited cash interest payments in order to allow the Company to survive in challenging market conditions. On or about 22 November 2012, the Company, the Banks and AMA on behalf of the members of the Bondholder's Committee signed a term sheet for the restructuring described herein
POBox 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 [ www.trustee.no

(the "Restructuring Term Sheet") subject to inter alia documentation, Bondholders' approval (in a Bondholders' meeting) and other relevant conditions precedents.
The Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee with a proposal to be put forward to the Bondholders covering a restructuring o f the Issuer's financial indebtedness, as described in this Summons and in particular hi section 2 below (the "Restructuring").
AM A has provided a separate document which is intended to give an overview o f the Restructuring. This document will be sent to the participants in the telephone conference described below. Furthermore, the Bond Trustee has arranged for a telephone conference where AMA and Advokatfirmaet Selmer DA will be present, and the Bondholders will be given the opportunity to ask questions regarding the Restructuring.

The telephone conference will be held Monday 3 December at 14:00 hours (Oslo time).
In order to register for the call and receive the abovementioned document, please contact the Bond Trustee by e-mail post@trustee.no (together with proof of holding of Bonds).

The Bondholders are encouraged to participate in the abovementioned telephone conference. For a company update, reference is made to the Company's 3rd quarter 2012 results published on www.newsweb.no on 23 November 2012 and other press releases published under the ticker symbol "ECHEM". A redacted form o f the Restructuring Term Sheet is available for review at the Bond Trustee's offices during normal business hours from the date of this Summons until the Bondholders' meeting.
Considering the financial condition of the Company, the challenges o f the current market environment and the structural seniority o f the bank facilities, the proposed Restructuring is supported by the members of the Bondholder Committee who collectively hold a majority of the Bonds.

2.

SUMMARY OF THE PROPOSED RESTRUCTURING

The purpose o f this Summons is to request approval from the Bondholders for the Bond Trustee, for and on behalf o f the Bondholders, to enter into necessary agreements to implement the Restructuring and to authorize and agree to certain other matters and actions that are appropriate and necessary for the effectiveness of the Restructuring and the consummation o f the Restructuring, including, without limitation, the mandatory exchange of the Bonds as described below.

Below is a summary o f the terms of the transactions proposed by the Company and the approvals the Company is requesting from the Bondholders. The terms are subject to agreement on definitive documentation satisfactory to the parties.

2

2.1 New liquidity through new bankfacilities
Certain of the Banks will provide additional liquidity to Eitzen Chemical (Shigapore) Pte. Ltd. in the form o f two new facilities, a USD 10 million term loan and a USD 20 million revolving facility (the "New Facilities"), which will rank senior to all of Eitzen Chemical (Singapore) Pte. Ltd's existing indebtedness and have first priority security as listed below.
The USD 10 million term loan will bear an interest of LIBOR + 8.95% (if paid in cash) or LIBOR + 11% (if PIK). The loan will be structured without amortization and the full loan mature on 6 May 2016.
The USD 20 million revolving credit facility (the "RCF") will bear an interest of LIBOR + 8.95% (if paid in cash) or LIBOR + 11% (if PIK). If drawn, the RCF will amortize in installments in an amount equal to 20% of the total committed amount begmning on 1 April 2015, with a final maturity date o f 1 April 2016. The RCF may be re-drawn if paid down by the lender, within the total committed amount from time to time.
The New Facilities will be secured by:
(a) a pledge over the issued share capital o f each o f the Company's subsidiaries (see section 2.4);
(b) mortgages over the Collateral Vessels (as defined in the proposed bond term sheet enclosed hereto as exhibit 2);
(c) an assignment o f the insurances on the Collateral Vessels;
(d) a general assignment o f the earnings from the Collateral Vessels;
(e) a pledge over the earnings accounts, and other accounts that any o f the Company's subsidiaries may have or open;
(f) a security interest over any inter company claims that any company in the Group has against another company in the Group; and
(g) floating charge, assignment o f receivables or similar security from each member of the Company's subsidiaries
all on the priority, terms and conditions as reflected in the inter creditor agreement, the agreed principles of which are included in the term sheet for this agreement enclosed as Exhibit 1 and the Restructuring Term Sheet.
2.2 Amendments to the bank loanfacilities
The Company's subsidiaries' existing bank loan facilities granted by the Banks will be restructured with respect to inter alia maturity, interest and amortization, inter alia, as follows:
(a) Maturity. The maturity o f all Bank facilities will be extended to 6 May 2016.
(b) Amortisation. No amortisation will be payable on the Bank facilities until 1 April 2015, at which point, amortization payments o f approximately USD 14.4 million per quarter will commence. However, the Company will have the option to defer three amortization payments until maturity (with a maximum o f two deferrals in one calendar year).
(c) Interest. From the date o f the final agreement to, but excluding, 1 January 2015, interest will be under a "pay as you can" structure where the margin o f 2.75% is only payable to the extent it can be paid with excess cash. If not paid in cash, the margin will be capitalized and payable
3

on the maturity date along with an additional margin of 3.05%. From and including 1 January 2015, the interest margin remains at 2.75%, to be paid in cash, without a PIK option. LIBOR shall be paid in cash throughout the period.
(d) Cash Sweep. A new mechanism entailing a sweep of excess cash as well as potential variable debt amortization (depending on the Company's financial performance) will be introduced.
(e) Partial Conversion. The existing senior loans with a principal amount of approximately USD 661 million shall be split into (i) a second lien tranche o f USD 631 million and (b) a USD 30 million third lien tranche (the "Third Lien Bank Loan") secured by, inter alia, third priority mortgages over the Collateral Vessels and ranking pari passu with the Third Lien Bond Loan (see below). The Third Lien Bank Loan will not amortize and will pay interest at LIBOR + 8.95% if paid in cash or LIBOR + 11% if PIK. Any PIK interest will be payable upon maturity on 6 June 2016.
(f) Security. The Third Lien Bank Loan will have security in the form of:
(i) mortgages over the Collateral Vessels as defined in Exhibit 2 (including a deed of covenants supplemental to each of the mortgages and to the security thereby created);
(ii) an assignment of the insurances on the Collateral Vessels;
(iii) a general assignment o f the earnings from the Collateral Vessels; and
(iv) a pledge o f the earnings accounts.
all on the priority, terms and conditions as reflected in the inter creditor agreement, the agreed principles o f which are included in the term sheet for this agreement enclosed as Exhibit 1 and the Restructuring Term Sheet.
(g) Deferral of restructuring fees. The restructuring fees accrued in connection with the restructuring in 2009 are deferred to the maturity date for the Third Lien Bank Loan or upon certain terms whereby the Company's group receives a significant liquidity injection.
2.3 Proposal to amend the bond loan facility
To implement the Restructuring, the Bondholders are asked to accept a mandatory exchange of their principal amount outstanding under such loans, into an equal principal amount o f new bonds as follows:
(a) 50/110 of the principal amount under the Bond Issue together with any accrued interest on all outstanding Bonds (please note that the interest on the Bonds is proposed to be amended, with effect as of 4 October 2012, to equal 50/110 of the interest which will accrue on the Third Lien Bond Loan as defined in this 2.3 (a)) will be exchanged for bonds issued by the Company secured inter alia with third ranking priority mortgages over the majority of the Company's vessels and with the terms and conditions described in the term sheet enclosed as Exhibit 2 hereto (the "Third Lien Bond Loan"); and
(b) 60/110 of the principal amount under the Bond Issue will be exchanged for non-interest bearing and unsecured bonds issued by the Company, including the Issuer's right to exchange the bonds to equity, on and with the terms and conditions described in the term sheet enclosed as Exhibit 3 hereto (the "Unsecured Bond");
The Third Lien Bond Loan and the Unsecured Bond collectively referred to as the "Exchange Bonds".
4

The mandatory exchange will be structured as a payment-in-kind ("PIK") whereby the Bonds will be fully repaid by the issue and delivery of the Exchange Bonds. The Bondholders will receive the Exchange Bonds in the same currency as the Bonds they currently hold.
2.4 Changes to the corporate structure
In connection with the Restructuring the Company will also amend its corporate structure. The changes will imply that the Company's subsidiary Eitzen Chemical Shipholding AS will become a new holding company for the following group companies: Eitzen Chemical (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., Eitzen Chemical (Denmark) A/S, Team Shipping AS, Eitzen Chemical Invest (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., Napoli Chemical AS and Napoli Chemical KS (formerly Mosvold Chemical KS), currently representing all existing subsidiaries o f the Issuer.
2.5 Settlement and timeline
The Bonds, including accrued and unpaid interest from and including 4 October 2012, will be settled in kind through the issuance o f the Exchange Bonds (the "Effective Date"). This is expected to take place in the period from 7 January 2013 to 28 February 2013.

3.

THE RESTRUCTURING PROPOSAL

In accordance with the relevant provisions under the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' meeting in respect o f the Bond Loan to obtain the necessary consents and approvals to enable the Issuer to complete and implement the Restructuring and to make relevant changes to the Bond Agreement subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Summons (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the terms for the Exchange Bonds set out hereto in Exhibit 2 and 3) (the "Proposal"). Accordingly, the Issuer requests the Bondholders' meeting to approve the Proposal.

4.

CONDITIONS

The completion of the Proposal (if/when adopted) is conditional upon and subject to the following conditions precedent being satisfied or waived by the Bond Trustee on or before 28 February 2013 or such later date as the Bond Trustee may agree in its sole discretion. Failure to do so will result in the Bondholder resolution being deemed null and void:
(a) the bondholder's meeting in the Bonds having approved the Proposal;

(b) the Bond Trustee having received a certificate duly executed by the Company and any authorised person on behalf o f the Banks evidencing that all conditions precedents for the Bank's and the Company's part o f the Restructuring, save for the Bondholders execution o f the relevant documents, are either fulfilled or waived in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(c) all advisory fees incurred by the Bondholder Committee or the Bond Trustee and the fees payable to the Bond Trustee in connection with the Restructuring having been paid in full;

(d) the amended Bond Agreement having been duly executed by the Company;

(e) the Issuer having made all the necessaiy corporate resolutions required to implement the Proposal;

(f) the bond agreements for the Exchange Bonds and any ancillary documents having been duly executed by the parties thereto;

5

(g) the Bond Trustee having received any statement or legal opinion reasonably required and in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(h) the Banks having entered into documentation implementing their part of the Restructuring in a form and content reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee no later than three business days prior to the Effective Date;

(i) documentation evidencing that the Banks' part o f the Restructuring shall become effective no later than on the settlement date for the Third Lien Bond Loan and the Unsecured Bond; and

(j) the Security Documents (as defined in the proposed bond term sheet enclosed hereto as Exhibit 2) having been duly executed and perfected.

5.

THE COMPANY'S EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL.

The Issuer, together with its advisors, has over the last year evaluated several alternatives to strengthen the Company's financial position and to safeguard values for all stakeholders. As a consequence of the current weak chemical tanker market the Restructuring is required to secure sufficient liquidity.

The Company has worked intensively with all key stakeholders and held numerous meetings with its lenders to achieve a consensual financial restructuring. The Restructuring was evaluated against other options with the overall goal of maximizing values for all stakeholders and securing liquidity until the expected recovery in the chemical tanker market. Extensive negotiations have resulted in a solution that the Company believes is beneficial to the Company, the Bondholders and the banks compared to a bankruptcy. The Issuer acknowledges that significant concessions are required from the Bondholders, however firmly believes that the Restructuring represents a balanced proposal. The Restructuring is intended to ensure liquidity and stable operations until the chemical tanker market recover. The Restructuring allows the Bondholders to retain value that will have been lost in a bankruptcy and with upside potential in a market recovery scenario. Consequently, the Issuer is respectfully asking the Bondholders to approve the Proposal.

For more detailed information, please contact CFO Mr. Andreas Reklev, telephone no. +47 932 08 886, e-mail are@eitzen-chemical.com.

6.

NON-RELIANCE AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENT

Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by any of the Bond Trustee, AMA, the Company, the Group or any of their respective advisors. Bondholders should evaluate the Restructuring and seek such additional advice as they may deem appropriate and vote accordingly.

This Restructuring and the Proposal to the Bondholders, including the financial, business and other assumptions they are based may constitute forward-looking statements and facts. Such forwardlooking statements are subject to a variety o f known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that are difficult or impossible to predict and many of which are beyond the Company's control. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors could cause the actual events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.

It should be noted that even if the Proposal is accepted, the Borrower may experience financial challenges in the future, and the recovery under the Exchange Bonds are dependent on such forwardlooking statements and facts, and the general market in which the Company operates and the recovery o f such market.

6

7.

SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING.

The Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

Friday 7 December 2012 at 12:00 hours (Oslo time),

Place:

The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon V n s gt 1,0161 Oslo - 5th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval o f the Summons. 2. Approval o f the agenda. 3. Election o f two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Consent to the Restructuring:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

7.1 The Proposal is accepted on the terms and conditions set out herein.

7.2 The Bondholders approve the follow ing changes and amendments to the Bond Agreement (as amended by subsequent Bondholders' Meetings, including the Bondholders Meeting held 29 September 2009):

The definition o f Margin under section 1 ( "Definitions") shall be amended to read as follows:

"means, with effectfrom and including 4 October 2012, 11 % p e r annum. "

The fir s t paragraph o f Clause 9.2 under section 9 ("Interest") shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with a new paragraph to read asfollows:

"The interest on the Loan is reset with effect fro m each Interest Payment Date. The new interest is set on the Interest Determination Date and shall be 50/110 o f the aggregate o f NIBOR plus the Margin fo r the NO K Tranche and 50/110 o f the aggregate o f LIBOR plus the Margin fo r the USD Tranche. Should NIBOR or LIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR - Reference Banks (for the NOK Tranche) or LIBOR - Reference Banks (for the USD Tranche) plus the Margin. "

A new clause shall be inserted under Clause 10 ('Maturity o f the Loan, Call Option and Mandatory Redemption'') as a new Clause 10.4 and read asfollows:

''Upon all conditions precedent fo r the Bondholders' meeting's resolution made on 7 December 2012 (the "Resolution") as set out in section 4 o f the Summons fo r that Bondholders' meeting and the conditions listed in the term sheets fo r the Exchange Bonds (as defined in the Summons) attached thereto being fulfilled or validly waived on or before 28 February 2013, the Borrower shall and shall be entitled to in the periodfrom 7 January 2013 to 28 February 2013 make an early redemption o f the entire Loan in the form o f paym ent in kind o f bonds in the Eitzen Chemical ASA Third Lien Bond Issue 2013/2016 and the Eitzen Chemical ASA Unsecured Bond Issue 2013/2016 as further described in the term sheets attached hereto as Exhibit 2 and Exhibit 3 respectively. "

7.3 The Bondholders' meeting irrevocably grants to the Bond Trustee a power o f attorney:

(i) to negotiate, agree, enter into, sign and execute the necessary agreements (including the agreements fo r the Exchange Bonds, the security documents and the inter creditor agreement) in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders'

1

meeting according to the Summons as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including making the necessary amendments to the Bond Agreement;
(ii) to agree to minor adjustments to the Restructuring not being material to the Bondholders' interest.
7.4 The Bondholders' meeting hereby waives, until the earlier of: (i) fin a l completion o f the Restructuring; (ii) acceleration or enforcement by any o f the Banks; (Hi) the Company initiating or being subject to insolvency or creditor proceedings; or (iv) 28 February 2013 any event o f default occurring under the Bond Agreement.
** *
To approve the above resolutions, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 o f the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution, hi order to have a quorum, at least V2 o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership o f the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner o f the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise Norsk Tillitsmann ASA to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann ASA to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page o f this letter for further details).
hi the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann ASA by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page o f this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Enclosed:

Term sheet for the inter creditor agreement Term sheet for the Third Lien Bond Issue 2013/2016 Term sheet for the Unsecured Bond Issue 2013/2016 Bondholder's Form

8

[Exhibit 1 - ICA principles]

Term Sheet

Exhibit 2

EITZEN CHEMICAL

ISIN: [ ]
Eitzen Chemical ASA Third Lien Bond Issue 2013/2016 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")

Issuer: Guarantors:
Guarantee: Group:

Eitzen Chemical ASA, a Norwegian public limited company fonned under the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act.
Eitzen Chemical (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., Sichem Pearl Shipping Co. Pte. Ltd., Eitzen Chemical Invest (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. and Napoli Chemical KS (formerly Mosvold Chemical KS).
An on demand guarantee from the Guarantors.
The Issuer and all its direct or indirect subsidiaries (the "Subsidiaries") from time to time (each a "Group Company" and together the "Group Companies").

Currency:

USD and/or NOK.

Amount:
Coupon rate: Settlement Date: Maturity Date: Repayment: Interest Payments: Subscription Price:

Approximately USD 50,000,000!, to be issued as (i) one tranche denominated in USD for an amount of USD 11,363,636 (the "USD Tranche") for applicants currently holding bonds in the Issuer under the ISIN NO 001 033433.7, and (ii) one tranche denominated in NOK for an amount of NOK 222,727,273 (the "NOK Tranche") for applicants currently holding bonds in the Issuer under the ISIN NO 001 033434.5.
The aggregate of 11 % per annum and LIBOR or NIBOR for the USD Tranche and the NOK Tranche respectively.
Expected to be in the period from 7 January 2013 to 28 February 2013.
6 June 2016 at price 100.00.
The Bonds shall be repaid in full at final Maturity Date at par value.
Interest on the Bonds will accrue from and including the Settlement Date and shall be payable as quarterly payments in kind.
100.00 (par).

1To be adjusted due to payment in kind of interest from and including 4 October 2012 and until repayment
10

Nominal value:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 1 and NOK 1 each in the USD Tranche and NOK Tranche respectively.

Status of the Bonds:

The Bonds shall be secured against certain assets of the Issuer's subsidiaries as set out herein, and otherwise rank at least pari passu with the Third Lien Lender Loan and any other unsecured obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital and the Unsecured Bond Issue 2013/2016 to be issued in conjunction with this Bond Issue.

Purpose of the Bonds:

The Bonds shall be issued as payment in kind to the holders of the Issuer's bonds with ISINNO 001 033433.7 andlSINNO 001 033434.5.

Senior Facility:

Any of the existing senior secured bank facilities obtained by a Group Company (including interest, default interest, costs, expenses and hedging/swap liabilities related to such bank facilities) as amended from time to time (as the case may be).

Third Lien Lender Loan:

The third lien lender loan in the amount of USD 30 million to be provided to the Issuer by certain of the banks under the Group's existing credit facilities.

Earnings Account: As defined in the Senior Facilities agreements.

Restructuring Fee:

The payment of the back-end fee in the amount equal to 1.25% of the aggregate of NOK 490,000,000 and USD 25,000,000, that originally fell due on the 6 November 2012, shall be payable to the holders of the bonds on 6 May 2016.

Security:

All amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Bond Trustee and the bondholders in the Bond Issue (the "Bondholders"), including but not limited to interest and expenses, shall (to the extent permitted by applicable law) be secured by:

a) Third priority mortgages over the vessels listed in schedule 1 (the "Collateral Vessels");
b) an assignment of the insurances on the Collateral Vessels; c) a general assignment of the earnings from the Collateral Vessels; and d) a pledge of the Earnings Accounts.

all on the priority, terms and conditions as reflected in the inter creditor agreement, the agreed principles of which are included in the term sheet for this agreement enclosed to the Summons to the bondholders' meeting to be held 7 December 2012 and the Restructuring Tenn Sheet as defined in the aforementioned summons.

The documents creating or granting the security listed in a) - d) above are referred to as the "Security Documents".

Financial Covenants: None.

Other Covenants

Limited only to information undertakings, and undertakings with regard to authorisation, compliance with laws, pari passu ranking and transactions on arms' length terms.

Events of Default:

The Bond Agreement shall include limited event of default provisions related to (a) non-payment, (b) breach of other provisions unless capable of remedy and remedied within (20) twenty business days, (c) any Financial Indebtedness (for an amount exceeding USD 5 mill in aggregate) of any member of the New Holdco Group is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (howsoever described), however not including (i) any events of default arising out of the entering into of the New Facilities Agreement or from the amendments made to the Senior Facilities and/or (ii) any event which under an agreement constitutes an event of default but is not declares and/or called upon for acceleration by the relevant counterparty towards the Borrower or a Guarantor ("technical

11

Bond Trustee: Registration: Inter Creditor Agreement:
Paying Agent: Documentation: Bond Agreement:
Stock Exchange listing: Market making: Conditions Precedent:

default"), and (d) insolvency and insolvency proceedings.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo.
The Norwegian Central Securities Depositoiy (VPS). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the Bondholders through VPS.
Agreements between the Issuer, Eitzen Chemical (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., Sichem Pearl Shipping Co. Pte. Ltd., Eitzen Chemical Invest (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., Eitzen Chemical Shipholding AS, Team Shipping AS, Eitzen Chemical (Denmark) A/S, Napoli Chemical KS, Napoli Chemical AS, Nordea Bank Finland Pic, Singapore Branch, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ.), Singapore Branch, DVB Group Merchant Bank (Asia) Ltd., ING Bank N.V., Singapore Branch, UniCredit Bank AG, Singapore Branch, BNP Paribas, Singapore Branch, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited, The Royal Bank of Scotland Pic, Singapore Branch, HSH Nordbank AG, Singapore Branch, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Singapore Branch, DVB Bank SE and the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with the principles set out in exhibit 1 to the summons for the bondholders' meeting to be held 7 December 2012 for the bondholders of bonds issued by the Issuer with ISINNO 001 033433.7 and ISINNO 001 033434.5, and otherwise on customary tenns and conditions as the Bond Trustee shall approve, and the Bond Trustee shall be authorized to agree and execute such Inter Creditor Agreement on behalf of the bondholders.
Nordea Bank Norge ASA.
A Norwegian law based bond agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
The bond agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations as holders of the Bonds. If any discrepancy occurs between this Tenn Sheet and the Bond Agreement, the Bond Agreement shall prevail.
The terms of the Bond Agreement will be substantially consistent with those set forth in this Tenn Sheet, in all material respects equal to the tenns of the Third Lien Lender Loan and not less favorable for Bondholders in any material respect.
The bonds will not be listed on a regulated market.
No market-maker agreement will be made for this Bond Issue.
Settlement of the Bond Issue will be subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions precedent, to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee, customary for these types of transactions, including but not limited to:
(i) the Bond Agreement having been duly executed by the Issuer;
(ii) an agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees having been duly executed;
(iii) corporate documents and necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer and the Guarantors (and any necessaiy consent or waivers (as the case may be)) to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents, required at such time to issue the Bonds and establish the Security having been received by the Bond Trustee;
(iv) any necessary governmental approvals to issue the Bonds or establish the Security having been obtained prior to the Settlement Date;
12

Subject to:

(v) in respect of the Issuer and each Guarantor, an up-to-date extract from the trade register, the deed of incorporation and the articles of association having been received by the Bond Trustee;
(vi) the Group's banks having entered into documentation implementing their part of the restructuring in a form and content reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee no later than three business days prior to the Settlement Date;
(vii) documentation evidencing that the Group's banks' part of the restructuring shall become effective no later than on the Settlement Date having been received by the Bond Trustee;
(viii) the Security Documents having been duly executed and perfected.
(ix) a duly executed notice from the Issuer to perform partial repayment of the FRN Eitzen Chemical ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2011 with ISIN NO 001 033434.5 and ISIN NO 001 033433.7 by the issue of the Bonds having been received by the Bond Trustee;
(x) the Inter Creditor Agreements having been duly executed by all parties thereto; and
(xi) the Bond Trustee having received any statement or legal opinion reasonably required and in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
The Bond Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of certain conditions precedent at its sole discretion.
The issue of Bonds shall be subject to finalized bond documentation and approval of bond documentation by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
Oslo, [ ] 2012

E ITZEN CHEMICAL
as Issuer

13

No Vessel Name
1 SICHEM COLIBRI 2 SICHEM SPARROW 3 ATTILIO IEVOLI 4 IEVOLI GOLD 5 SICHEM CROISIC 6 SICHEM LILY 7 SICHEM ORCHID 8 SICHEM IRIS 9 TOUR MARGAUX 10 SICHEM PALACE 11 TOUR POMEROL 12 SICHEM FUMI 13 SICHEM CHALLENGE 14 SICHEM DUBAI 15 SICHEM MARSEILLE 16 SICHEM MELBOURNE 17 SICHEM NEW YORK 18 SICHEM MONTREAL 19 SICHEM BEIJING 20 SICHEM HONG KONG 21 SICHEM PARIS 22 SICHEM MANILA 23 SICHEM SINGAPORE 24 SICHEM EDINBURGH 25 SICHEM RIO 26 SICHEM DEFIANCE 27 SICHEM OSPREY 28 SICHEM HAWK 29 SICHEM FALCON 30 SICHEM EAGLE 31 SITEAM ANJA 32 SITEAM DISCOVERER 33 SITEAM VOYAGER 34 SITEAM LEADER 35 SITEAM ADVENTURER 36 SITEAM EXPLORER

COLLATERAL VESSELS

Schedule 1

Built Vessel type

Size fdwt)

2001 2001 1995 1993 2001 2009 2008 2008 1993 2004 1998 1996 1998 2007 2007 2007 2007 2008 2007 2007 2008 2007 2006 2007 2006 2001 2009 2008 2009 2008 1997 2008 2008 2009 2007 2007

Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker Chemical Tanker

3 592 3 596 6 239 6 999 7 721 8 000 8 115 8 140 8 674 8 807 10 379 11 674 12 181 12 889 12 928 12 937 12 945 13 056 13 068 13 069 13 079 13 125 13 141 13 153 13 162 17 396 25 000 25 385 25 419 25 421 44 640 46 005 46 017 46 017 46 026 46 026

Flag
Malta Malta United Kingdom United Kingdom Malta Malta Malta Malta Malta Singapore Singapore Panama Singapore Malta Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Italy Singapore Italy Marshall Islands Malta Malta Malta Singapore Marshall Islands Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore Singapore

14

Term Sheet

Exhibit 3

EITZEN CHEMICAL

ISIN: [ ]
Eitzen Chemical ASA Unsecured Bond Issue 2013/2016 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")

Issuer: Group: Currency: Amount:
Coupon rate:

Eitzen Chemical ASA, a Norwegian public limited company fonned under the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act.
The Issuer and all its direct or indirect subsidiaries (the "Subsidiaries") from time to time (each a "Group Company" and together the "Group Companies").
USD and/or NOK.
Approximately USD 60,000,000, to be issued as (i) one tranche denominated in USD for an amount of USD 13,636,364 (the "USD Tranche") for applicants currently holding bonds in the Issuer under the ISIN NO 001 033433.7, and (ii) one tranche denominated in NOK for an amount of NOK 267,272,727 (the "NOK Tranche") for applicants currently holding bonds in the Issuer under the ISIN NO 001 033434.5.
None.

Settlement Date:

Expected to be in the period from 7 January 2013 to 28 February 2013.

Maturity Date:

6 September 2016 at price 100.00.

Repayment:

The Bonds shall be repaid in full at final Maturity Date at par value.

Subscription Price:

100.00 (par).

Nominal value:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 1 and NOK 1 each in the USD Tranche and NOK Tranche respectively.

Third Lien Lender Loan:

The third lien lender loan in the amount of USD 30 million to be provided to the Issuer by certain of the banks under the Group's existing credit facilities.

Status of the Bonds:

The Unsecured Bonds shall rank pari passu with the Issuers unsecured debt, however it shall rank after the Third Lien Lender Loan and the Eitzen Chemical ASA Third Lien Bond Issue 2013/2016, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement.

Purpose of the Bonds: The Bonds shall be issued as payment in kind to the holders of the Issuer's bonds with ISIN NO 001 033433.7 and ISIN NO 001 033434.5.

15

Security

None.

Covenants:

The Bond Agreement will not contain any covenants.

Events of Default:

The Bond Agreement shall include limited event of default provisions related to (a) non-payment, (b) any Financial Indebtedness (for an amount exceeding USD 5 mill in aggregate) of any member of the New Holdco Group is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (howsoever described), however not including (i) any events of default arising out of the entering into of the New Facilities Agreement or from the amendments made to the Senior Facilities and/or (ii) any event which under an agreement constitutes an event of default but is not declares and/or called upon for acceleration by the relevant counterparty towards the Borrower or a Guarantor ("technical default"), and (c) insolvency and insolvency proceedings.

Mandatory Cali:

Should the Issuer attract New Equity (as defined below) of at least USD 50 mill (or the equivalent amount thereof in NOK at the relevant tune), the Issuer will have the right to call the Bonds and redeem them in full in exchange for an amount equal to the NOK equivalent of USD 10 mill of post new equity common shareholding of the Issuer or the surviving entity (the "Exchange Shares"). The New Equity shall be applied firstly against the outstanding balance on the Revolving Facility of the New Facilities. "New Equity" to be defined as cash investment in common equity from a 3rd party, where the cash is fully available to the Issuer (or the surviving entity).

Singapore Subsidiary: Eitzen Chemical (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.

New Holdco:

Eitzen Chemical Shipholding AS.

New Holdco and Singapore Subsidiary undertaking:

Each of the Singapore Subsidiary and New Holdco shall undertake towards the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders in the Bonds) that in the event of an out-ofcourt restructuring or reorganisation of the Group whereby the Singapore Subsidiary or New Holdco continue as a going concern and the Issuer is severed from the Group or ceases to hold, directly or indirectly, a majority interest in the Singapore Subsidiary or New Holdco, the Singapore Subsidiary or New Holdco (as the case may be) shall assume all the rights and obligations of the Issuer under the Bonds (including the Mandatory Call).

Bond Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo.

Inter Creditor Agreement:

Agreement between the Issuer, the Singapore Subsidiary, Sichem Pearl Shipping Co. Pte. Ltd., Eitzen Chemical Invest (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., the New Holdco, Team Shipping AS, Eitzen Chemical (Demnark) A/S, Napoli Chemical KS, Napoli Chemical AS, Nordea Bank Finland Pic, Singapore Branch, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ.), Singapore Branch, DVB Group Merchant Bank (Asia) Ltd., ING BankN.V., Singapore Branch, UniCredit Bank AG, Singapore Branch, BNP Paribas, Singapore Branch, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited, The Royal Bank of Scotland Pic, Singapore Branch, HSH Nordbank AG, Singapore Branch, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Singapore Branch, DVB Bank SE and the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with the principles set out in exhibit 1 to the summons for the bondholders' meeting to be held 7 December 2012 for the bondholders of bonds issued by the Issuer with ISIN NO 001 033433.7 and ISIN NO 001 033434.5, and otherwise on customary terms and conditions as the Bond Trustee shall approve, and the Bond Trustee shall be authorized to agree and execute such Inter Creditor Agreement on behalf of the bondholders.

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS). Principal will be credited the Bondholders through VPS.

Paying Agent:

Nordea Bank Norge ASA.

16

Documentation:

A Norwegian law based bond agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

Bond Agreement:

The Bond Agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations as holders of the Bonds. If any discrepancy occurs between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, the Bond Agreement shall prevail.
The terms of the bond agreement will be substantially consistent with those set forth in this Term Sheet and not less favorable for Bondholders in any material respect.

Stock Exchange listing:

The bonds will not be listed on a regulated market.

Market making:

No market-maker agreement will be made for this Bond Issue.

Conditions Precedent:

Settlement of the Bond Issue will be subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions precedent, to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee, customary for these types of transactions, including but not limited to:

(i) the Bond Agreement having been duly executed by the Issuer;

(ii) an agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees having been duly executed;

(iii) corporate documents and necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer (and any necessary consent or waivers (as the case may be)) to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents, required at such tune to issue the Bonds and establish the Security having been received by the Bond Trustee;

(iv) any necessary governmental approvals to issue the Bonds having been obtained prior to the Settlement Date;

(v) an up-to-date extract from the trade register, the deed of incorporation and the articles of association of the Issuer having been received by the Bond Trustee;

(vi) the Group's banks having entered into documentation implementing then part of the restructuring in a form and content reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee no later than three business days prior to the Settlement Date;

(vii) documentation evidencing that the Group's banks' part of the restructuring shall become effective no later than on the Settlement Date having been received by the Bond Trustee;
(viii) a duly executed notice from the Issuer to perform partial repayment of the FRN Eitzen Chemical ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2011 with ISIN NO 001 033434.5 and ISIN NO 001 033433.7 by the issue of the Bonds having been received by the Bond Trustee;

(ix) the Inter Creditor Agreements having been duly executed by all parties thereto; and
(x) the Bond Trustee having received any statement or legal opinion reasonably required and in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

17

Subject to:

The Bond Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of certain conditions precedent at its sole discretion. The issue of Bonds shall be subject to finalized bond documentation and approval of bond documentation by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
Oslo, [ ] 2012

_________ EITZEN CHEMICAL
as Issuer

18

INTERCREDITOR ARRANGEMENTS

Exhibit 1

Defined terms used herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Summons unless otherwise defined herein.

The Intercreditor Agreement between, inter alia, the lenders (the "Senior Lenders") under the existing bank facilities (the "Senior Facilities"), the lenders (the "New Facilities Lenders") under the New Facilities, the lenders (the "Third Lien Lenders") under the Third Lien Bank Loan, the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders under the Third Lien Bond Loan) under the Third Lien Bond Loan and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the unsecured bondholders under the Unsecured Bond) in respect of the Unsecured Bond shall, amongst other things, include the following:

1

Ranking: The ranking at the level of Eitzen Chemical (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (the "Singapore

Borrower") will be:

a)

first, the New Facilities; and

b)

second, the Senior Facilities pari passu and without any preference between them.

The Third Lien Bank Loan, the Third Lien Bond Loan and the Unsecured Bond will be structurally subordinate to the New Facilities and the Senior Facilities, and have the following ranking at the level of the Company:

(i)

first, the Third Lien Bank Loan and the Third Lien Bond Loan, pari passu and without any

preference between them; and

(ii)

second, the Unsecured Bond.

2

Ranking of Super Senior Collateral: Each party to the Intercreditor Agreement will agree that all

the security securing the New Facilities only, i.e. the share pledges over the companies in the New

Floldco Group (as defined in Appendix 3 to the Summons), the assignment of intercompany claims

and the floating charges (the "Super Senior Collateral") shall rank with first priority and secure the

New Facilities Lenders' liabilities only.

3

Ranking of Senior Collateral: Each party to the Intercreditor Agreement will agree that all the

security securing the Senior Facilities (the "Senior Collateral") shall, subject to paragraph 21 below,

rank with second priority and secure the New Facilities Lenders and the Lenders' liabilities in the

following order:

a)

first, the New Facilities liabilities; and

b)

second, the Senior Facility secured by such Senior Collateral (without any cross-

collateralisation between the Senior Facilities).

4

Ranking of Shared Collateral: Each party to the Intercreditor Agreement will agree that all the

security securing the New Facilities, the Third Lien Bank Loan and the Third Lien Bond Loan (the

"Shared Collateral") shall rank with first priority (in respect of the New Facilities) and third priority

(in respect of the Third Lien Bank Loan and the Third Lien Bond Loan).

5

Anti-Layering: The Intercreditor Agreement will include an express anti-layering provision

prohibiting the New Holdco Group from incurring Financial Indebtedness ranked (i) in priority to the

Senior Facilities, but subordinate to the New Facilities and (ii) in priority to the Third Lien Bank Loan

and the Third Lien Bond Loan, but subordinate to the Senior Facilities.

6

Prepayments: The voluntary prepayments, mandatory prepayments and surplus cash provisions of

the New Facilities, the Senior Facilities, the Third Lien Bank Loan and the Third Lien Bond Loan will be

regulated by the Intercreditor Agreement, and except as provided herein, the Senior Facilities shall

5792962/19

1

not be prepaid until the New Facilities have been prepaid and cancelled in full and the Third Lien Bank Loan and the Third Lien Bond Loan shall not be prepaid until the New Facilities and the Senior Facilities have been prepaid and cancelled in full.

7

Permitted Payments Exempt from Stop Notice - Senior Facilities: Permitted payments in

respect of the Senior Facilities to include:

a)

payment of the fees of the facilities agents under the agreements for the Senior Facilities

(the "Senior Facilities Agreements");

b)

Senior Facilities illegality prepayments (before acceleration);

c)

payment of consent and/or waiver fees (corresponding to same consent or waiver as for

the New Facilities and not being in excess of such fees payable under the New Facilities);

and

d)

payment of fees and expenses of third party professional advisers incurred by the facilities

agents on behalf of the Senior Lenders in respect of restructuring advice and valuations

(post default).

The payments identified above will be permitted payments and not subject to any payment block or suspension.

8

Permitted Payments Exempt from Stop Notice - Third Lien Bank Loan and Third Lien Bond

Loan: Permitted payments in respect of the Third Lien Bank Loan and the Third Lien Bond Loan to

include:

a)

illegality prepayments (before acceleration);

b)

payment of fees and expenses of third party professional advisers incurred by the Third

Lien Lenders or the third lien bondholders in respect of restructuring advice and valuations

(post default).

The payments identified above will be permitted payments and not subject to any payment block or suspension.

9

Permitted Payments Exempt from Stop Notice - Unsecured Bond: Permitted payments in

respect of the Unsecured Bond to include illegality prepayments (before acceleration). The payments

identified above will be permitted payments and not subject to any payment block or suspension.

10

Amendments to the Finance Documents for the New Facilities and the Senior Facilities:

Restrictions on amendment of the Finance Documents (as defined in the agreement for the New

Facilities (the "New Facilities Agreement") and the Senior Facilities Agreements) for the New

Facilities and the Senior Facilities to include restrictions on the following:

a)

the amount of additional debt which may be made available under the New Facilities. No

additional debt may be made available under the Senior Facilities;

b)

additions or increases in the margin/fees/commission (or any changes to the basis on

which the same accrue, are calculated or are payable);

c)

the extension of the repayment date for the New Facilities and the Senior Facilities to

three (3) months or more after the original termination date of the New Facilities and the

Senior Facilities, respectively;

d)

deferral of any scheduled repayment date by more than three (3) months;

e)

amendments to representations, undertakings, events of default or financial covenants

making them materially more onerous to the New HoldCo Group; and

f)

designation of documents as Finance Document (as defined in the New Facilities

Agreement and the Senior Facilities Agreements) under the New Facilities or any of the

Senior Facilities if this would have a similar commercial effect to the above.

11

Amendments to the Finance Documents for the Third Lien Bank Loan and the Third Lien

Bond Loan: No amendments shall be made to any of the finance documents in respect of the Third

Lien Bank Loan and the Third Lien Bond Loan without the prior written consent of the facilities agents

under the New Facilities Agreement and the Senior Facilities Agreements and the agent under the

Third Lien Bank Loan (in respect of the finance documents for the Third Lien Bond Loan) or the Bond

Trustee (in respect of the finance documents for the Third Lien Bank Loan), except where such

amendments are of a technical nature or immaterial, and are not detrimental to the Senior Lenders

or New Facilities Lenders.

12

Debt Enforcement: Senior Lenders to be entitled to instruct the relevant facilities agent to

accelerate the Senior Facilities and enforce any relevant security interest once Senior Facilities

Standstill Periods (as defined below) have expired or in the event of an enforcement or acceleration

of the New Facilities.

The lenders under the Third Lien Bank Loan shall be entitled to instruct the facility agent, and the bondholders under the Third Lien Bond Loan shall be entitled to instruct the Bond Trustee, to accelerate the Third Lien Bank Loan and the Third Lien Bond Loan, respectively, and to enforce any relevant security interest once: (i) the Third Lien Standstill Periods (as defined below) have expired; (ii) in the event of an enforcement under or acceleration, of the New Facilities and/or the Senior Facilities or (iii) the Senior Facilities demand payment from the Company under any guarantee provided in respect of the New Facilities and/or the Senior Facilities. For the avoidance of doubt, the Third Lien Enforcement Standstill Period will only apply to enforcement of the Shared Collateral.

The bondholders under the Unsecured Bond shall be entitled to instruct the Bond Trustee to accelerate the Unsecured Bond once the Unsecured Bonds Standstill Period (as defined below) has expired or in the event of (i) an enforcement or acceleration of the New Facilities, and/or the Senior Facilities; or (ii) the Senior Facilities demand payment from the Company under any guarantee provided in respect of the New Facilities and/or the Senior Facilities.

13

Permitted Payments subject to Stop Notices - Super Senior Facilities Payment Stop Event:

Cash interest payments under the Senior Facilities and the Third Lien Bank Loan to be permitted,

unless a stop notice has been delivered by the agent under the New Facilities (the "New Facilities

Agent") to the facilities agents under the Senior Facilities Agreement and the agent under the Third

Lien Bank Loan. The stop notice shall give details of the relevant default under the New Facilities to

the Senior Lenders and the Third Lien Lenders and may only be given following occurrence of any of

the following (a "Super Senior Facilities Payment Stop Event"):

a)

an event of default for non-payment of principal or interest or any amount above USD

100, 000;

b)

breach of financial covenants or covenants relating to financial indebtedness or negative

pledge;

c)

an event of default under the insolvency, insolvency proceedings, creditors' process (or

other analogous proceedings) provisions;

d)

the occurrence of any other event of default which is reasonably likely to have a Material

Adverse Effect (as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreements and the Third Lien Facility

Agreement); or

e)

the New Facilities Agent exercising any of its rights under the acceleration provision in the

New Facilities Agreement to accelerate or put on demand any amount outstanding under

the New Facilities,

in each case as long as the same is continuing.

Once a stop notice has been served, cash pay interest payments shall be prohibited until the end of a Senior Facilities Standstill Period (as defined below), the Super Senior Facilities Payment Stop Event is no longer continuing or the cancellation of a stop notice by the New Facilities Agent (as the case may be), provided that the capitalisation of interest on the Senior Facilities and the Third Lien Bank Loan shall be expressly permitted at all times by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.

Additional limitations on the New Facilities Lenders' ability to block Senior Facilities and Third Lien Bank Loan payments include:

(i)

no more than one stop notice in relation to the same event or set of circumstances or

within any period of 365 days; and

(ii)

New Facilities Agent cannot serve stop notice more than 120 days after the occurrence of

the applicable default under the New Facilities Agreement.

Once payment blocks have expired catch up cash payments to be permitted provided no Super Senior Facilities Payment Stop Event is continuing unremedied and unwaived.

Permitted Payments subject to Stop Notices - Senior Facilities Payment Stop Event: Cash interest payments under the Third Lien Bank Loan to be permitted, unless a stop notice has been delivered by the relevant facilities agent under the relevant Senior Facilities Agreement(s) to the agent under the Third Lien Bank Loan. The stop notice shall give details of the relevant default under the relevant Senior Facilities Agreement to the Third Lien Lenders and may only be given following occurrence of any of the following (a "Senior Facilities Payment Stop Event"):

a)

an event of default for non-payment of principal or interest or any amount above USD

100,000;

b)

breach of financial covenants or covenants relating to financial indebtedness or negative

pledge;

c)

an event of default under the insolvency, insolvency proceedings, creditors' process (or

other analogous proceedings) provisions;

d)

the occurrence of any other event of default which is reasonably likely to have a Material

Adverse Effect (as defined in the Third Lien Facility Agreement); or

e)

the relevant facilities agent under the relevant Senior Facilities Agreement(s) exercising

any of its rights under the acceleration provision in the relevant Senior Facilities

Agreement to accelerate or put on demand any amount outstanding under the relevant

Senior Facilities,

in each case as long as the same is continuing.

Once a stop notice has been served, cash pay interest payments shall be prohibited until the Senior Facilities Payment Stop Event is no longer continuing or to the cancellation of a stop notice by the relevant facilities agent (as the case may be), provided that the capitalisation of interest on the Third Lien Bank Loan shall be expressly permitted at ail times by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.

Additional limitations on the Senior Lenders' ability to block Third Lien Bank Loan payments include:

(i)

no more than one stop notice in relation to the same event or set of circumstances or

within any period of 365 days; and

(ii)

a facilities agent under a Senior Facilities Agreement cannot serve stop notice more than

120 days after the occurrence of the applicable default under the relevant Senior Facilities

Agreement.

Once payment blocks have expired catch up cash payments to be permitted provided no Senior Facilities Payment Stop Event is continuing unremedied and unwaived.

Senior Enforcement Standstill Periods: Senior Lenders shall have the right to take enforcement action on an event of default under the Senior Facilities following notice delivered by the New Facilities Agent under the New Facilities Agreement taking enforcement action or upon expiry of the following standstill periods (the "Senior Facilities Standstill Period"):

a)

30 days for payment defaults;

b)

45 days for breach of the financial covenants in the Senior Facilities; and

c)

60 days for any other event of default under the Senior Facilities.

Third Lien Enforcement Standstill Period: At any time after the Final Maturity Date (in respect of the New Facilities) and the Maturity Date (in respect of the Senior Facilities):

a)

Third Lien Lenders holding 66 2/3% of Total Commitments or if Loans/Utiiisations are

outstanding, 66 2/3% of the Loans/Utiiisations (all terms as defined in the Third Lien

Facility Agreement); and

b)

the Bond Trustee, upon a resolution by a bondholders' meeting supported by at least

66 2/3% of the bondholders voting at such meeting,

shall each have the right to enforce any relevant security interest on an event of default under the Third Lien Facility Agreement or the Third Bond Agreement (as the case may be) upon expiry of a 60 days standstill period (the "Third Lien Standstill Period").

Unsecured Bonds Standstill Period: At any time after the Final Maturity Date (in respect of the New Facilities) and the Maturity Date (in respect of the Senior Facilities), the Third Lien Lenders and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders under the Third Lien Bond Loan) shall have the right to take enforcement action on an event of default under the Third Lien Facility Agreement or the Third Bond Agreement (as the case may be) upon expiry of a 90 days standstill period (the "Unsecured Bonds Standstill Period").

Conditions for Release of Security: Authority to the New Facilities Agent to release and/or transfer their debts, security, guarantees and/or other claims on a borrower or a guarantor on enforcement and disposal of shares in the borrower or an guarantor (other than the Company). The following fair value safeguards and bidding rights to be included:

a)

the disposal is made pursuant to a public auction or pre-agreed valuation process or court

sanctioned process or other competitive bid process with a view to obtaining a fair market

value in the circumstances; or

b)

the New Facilities Agent has consulted with an internationally recognised investment bank

or either of KPMG, PWC, Ernst & Young or Deloitte with respect to recommended

procedures for obtaining the best price reasonably obtainable in all the circumstances, has

considered such procedures in good faith and, where considered to be in the best interests

of secured parties, used its reasonable endeavours to implement such recommendations.

19

Enforcement Process: The Senior Lenders to be able to instruct the relevant facilities agent to

enforce at the end of the Senior Facilities Standstill Period or in the event of an enforcement or

acceleration of the New Facilities.

Obligation to keep the Senior Lenders informed in a timely manner of all material processes and developments in respect of any enforcement action, in each case, for a period to be agreed and where not impracticable in the circumstances and subject to certain exceptions and restrictions to be agreed.

In the event of the occurrence of an event of default under the New Facilities Agreement or any of the Senior Facilities Agreement, the New Facilities Agent or relevant facilities agent shall notify the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) under the Third Lien Bond Loan and the Unsecured Bond in writing of such occurrence of an event of default no later than fifteen (15) days prior to any of the New Facilities Agent of the facilities agents taking any enforcement action.

20

Application of Excess Cash: The proceeds from the application of any Excess Cash (as defined in

the New Facilities Agreement and the Senior Facilities Agreements) in payment under the New

Facilities, the Senior Facilities and the Third Lien Bank Loan, or any proceeds otherwise distributed to

any creditor being a party to the Intercreditor Agreement (except for proceeds following a liquidation

of any borrower or guarantor, proceeds of enforcement or any other realisation or sale of any Super

Senior Collateral, Senior Collateral or Shared Collateral (as the case may be)) shall be paid to the

New Facilities Agent and be applied in the following order:

a)

firstly, a percentage equal to FP510 (as defined below) of the Excess Cash, in or towards

payment of the balance (including any unpaid fees, costs, expenses and liabilities under)

the USD 510 mill Facilities Agreements dated 13 July 2006 (as amended) and made

between, inter alia, the Singapore Borrower and Nordea Bank Finland Pic, Singapore

Branch (the "USD 510 mill Facilities Agreement"), incurred by or on behalf of the

facility agent thereunder;

b)

secondly, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses (and any interest

thereon as provided in the Security Documents (as defined in the New Facilities

Agreement)), under the New Facilities Agreement (except the Intercreditor Agreement)

incurred by or on behalf of the New Facilities Agent or anyone appointed by it in

connection with carrying out its duties or exercising its powers or discretions under the

New Facilities Agreement or any Security Documents;

c)

thirdly, in or towards payments of the Super Senior PAYC Margin (as defined in the New

Facilities Agreement);

d)

fourthly, in or towards payments to the New Facilities Agent for application towards the

balance of the RCF (including any unpaid fees, costs, expenses and liabilities);

e)

fifthly, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses under the Senior

Facilities Agreements (other than the USD 510 mill Facilities Agreement) incurred by or on

behalf of the facilities agents thereunder on a pro rata basis;

f)

sixthly, in or towards payment of the Senior PAYC Margin (as defined in the Senior

Facilities Agreements);

g)

seventhly, in or towards payment of the Second PAYC Margin (as defined in the Third Lien

Facility Agreement);

h)

eighthly, in or towards payment to the facilities agents (other than for the USD 510 mill

Facilities Agreement) for application between the Senior Lenders towards the balance of

the Senior Facilities (other than the USD 510 mill Facilities Agreement) (including any

unpaid fees, costs, expenses and liabilities, but excluding any capitalised Senior PIK Margin (as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreements));

i)

ninthly, in or towards payment of any capitalised Senior PIK Margin;

j)

tenthly, in or towards payment, on a pro rata basis, to the agents (on behalf of the Third

Lien Lenders and Third lien bondholders, respectively) under the Third Lien Bank Loan and

the Third Lien Bond Loan, respectively, for application towards the Third Lien Bank Loan

and the Third Lien Bond Loan;

k)

eleventhly, in or towards payment to the agent (on behalf of the unsecured bondholders)

under the Unsecured Bond; and

l)

twelfthly, subject to the discharge of the Security Documents having occurred, in payment

of the surplus (if any) to the relevant pledgor, Singapore Borrower or other person entitled

thereto.

Any amount applied towards the payment of any amount outstanding under the Senior Facilities (other than the USD 510 mill Facilities Agreement) pursuant to (e) through (h) above shall be divided among the Senior Facilities in accordance with the following formula:

SFA = RA * SFP / (1 - FP510), where

SFA = the amount payable to the relevant Senior Facility

RA =

the aggregate relevant amount payable to all of the Senior Facilities (other than the USD 510 mill Facilities Agreement)

SFP =

the percentage (expressed as a fraction) (the "Senior Facility Percentages") set out in the table below for the relevant Senior Facility (as it may be adjusted as set out below)

(i) 43.15% to be allocated to USD 510 mill Facilities Agreement;

(ii) 30.45% to be allocated to the USD 265 mill Facilities Agreement dated 5 October 2006 (as amended) and made between, inter alia, the Singapore Borrower and Nordea Bank Finland Pic, Singapore Branch (the "USD 265 mill Facilities Agreement");

(iii) 19.10% to be allocated to the USD 170 mill Facilities Agreement dated 6 November 2007 (as amended) and made between, inter alia, Singapore Borrower and Nordea Bank Finland Pic, Singapore Branch (the "USD 170 mill Facilities Agreement'');

(iv) 2.37% to be allocated to the USD 15 mill Sichem Pearl Agreement dated 30 November 2010 (as amended) and made between, inter alia, Sichem Pearl Shipping Pte. Ltd. and Nordea Bank Finland Pic, Singapore Branch (the "Sichem Pearl Agreement");

(v) 2.05% to be allocated to the USD 4.7 mill Tour Pomerol Agreement dated 17 December 2010 (as amended) and made between, inter alia, Eitzen Chemical Invest (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. and Nordea Bank Finland Pic, Singapore Branch (the "Tour Pomerol Agreement"); and

(vi) 2.89% to be allocated to the USD 36 mill Napoli Agreement dated 13 July 2004 (as amended) and made between, inter alia, Napoli Chemical KS and DVB Bank SE (the "Napoli Agreement").

FP510 = the percentage for the USD 510 mill Facilities Agreement set out in (i) above (as it may be adjusted as set out below).

The percentages set out above are based on the outstanding debt balances under the Senior Facilities as per 15 November 2012 adjusted for the collateral deficit under the Senior Facilities based on the market value of the Collateral Vessels as per Q3 2012. Such percentages shall be adjusted (i) every six (6) months (first time on 30 June 2013) or (ii) upon a material asset sale (in excess of 10% of the collateral value under any Senior Facilities), to reflect the outstanding debt balance under the Senior Facilities adjusted for the respective collateral deficit amount under each of the Senior Facilities based on the latest market values of the Collateral Vessels, at such time.

The principles set forth above shall apply mutatis mutandis for any funds to be distributed as settlement of any amounts due under the Senior Facilities and any other relevant agreement entered into by any other creditor being a party to the Intercreditor Agreement outside of any enforcement proceeding of any Senior Collateral.

Application of proceeds from enforcement, disposal and insurances proceeds: The proceeds of any enforcement or any other realisation or sale of any Senior Collateral and/or Shared Collateral, any disposal proceeds and insurance proceeds (any "Senior Recoveries") shall be paid to the New Facilities Agent and shall be applied as follows:

A.

IF THE ENFORCEMENT. DISPOSAL OR INSURANCE PROCEEDS ARE IN RESPECT OF A

COLLATERAL VESSEL FINANCED UNDER THE USD 510 MILL FACILITIES AGREEMENT

OUTSIDE A LIQUIDATION:

a)

firstly, in or towards payment of the USD 510 mill Facilities Agreement only, in accordance

with waterfall provisions of the USD 510 mill Facilities Agreement;

b)

secondly, an amount equal to (X) of the remaining proceeds (if any) shall be applied as

follows:

(i) firstly, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs, expenses and liabilities (and any interest thereon as provided in the Security Documents), under the New Facilities Agreement (except the Intercreditor Agreement) incurred by or on behalf of the New Facilities Agent or anyone appointed by it in connection with carrying out its duties or exercising its powers or discretions under the Security Documents;

(ii) secondly, in or towards payments of interest accrued and due for payment on the New Facilities;

(iii) thirdly, in or towards payments to the New Facilities Agent for application towards any balance due for payment under the RCF and any amount due for payment under the term loan (under the New Facilities) (including any unpaid fees, costs, expenses and liabilities);

c)

thirdly, in or towards the Third Lien Bank Loan and the Third Lien Bond Loan, on a pro rata

basis, in accordance with the waterfall provision of the Third Lien Bank Loan and the Third

Lien Bond Loan, respectively; and

d)

fourthly, subject to the discharge of the relevant Security Documents having occurred, in

payment of the surplus (if any) to the relevant pledgor, the Singapore Borrower or other

person entitled thereto;

where (X) shall be calculated as set out in B below:

B.

IF THE ENFORCEMENT. DISPOSAL OR INSURANCE PROCEEDS ARE IN RESPECT OF (I) A

COLLATERAL VESSEL FINANCED UNDER ANY OF THE SENIOR FACILITIES AGREEMENTS

(OTHER THAN THE USD 510 MILL FACILITIES AGREEMENT!: OR (TIJ A COLLATERAL

VESSEL FINANCED UNDER THE USD 510 MILL FACILITIES AGREEMENT IN A

LIQUIDATION:

firstly, a maximum amount equal to (X) of the proceeds shall be applied as follows:

(i) firstly, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses (and any interest thereon as provided in the Security Documents), under the New Facilities Agreement (except the Intercreditor Agreement) incurred by or on behalf of the New Facilities Agent or anyone appointed by it in connection with carrying out its duties or exercising its powers or discretions under the Security Documents;

(ii) secondly, in or towards payments of interest accrued and due for payment on the New Facilities;

(iii) thirdly, in or towards payments to the New Facilities Agent for application towards any balance under the RCF and any amount due for payment under the term loan (under the New Facilities) (including any unpaid fees, costs, expenses and liabilities);

e)

secondly, an amount equal to (Y) of the Senior Recoveries shall be applied towards

payment to the Preferred Senior Lenders (as defined in the Third Lien Facility Agreement)

for distribution to the Preferred Senior Lenders, on a pro rata basis (the "Senior

Preferred Amount");

f)

thirdly, in or towards the Senior Facility that is secured by that Senior Collateral (the

"Relevant Facility") in accordance with waterfall provisions of the Senior Facilities

Agreement for that Senior Facility (for the avoidance of doubt, there shall be no cross-

collateralisation between the Senior Facilities);

g)

fourthly, in or towards the Third Lien Bank Loan and the Third Lien Bond Loan, on a pro

rata basis, in accordance with the waterfall provision of the Third Lien Bank Loan and the

Third Lien Bond Loan, respectively; and

h)

fifthly, subject to the discharge of the relevant Security Documents having occurred, in

payment of the surplus (if any) to the relevant pledgor, the Singapore Borrower or other

person entitled thereto;

where (X) shall be calculated as follows:

(i) in the event that the relevant Senior Collateral comprises one or more Collateral Vessels:

X = CV / ACV * OA * PP, where

CV = the amount of the sales proceeds (net of costs and expenses) of the Collateral Vessel(s) being comprised by the Senior Collateral or Shared Collateral subject to the enforcement or any other realisation or sale (the "Realised Value");

ACV = the aggregate of the Realised Value and the most recent Market Value of the other Collateral Vessels (received by the facilities agents) securing the Relevant Facility; and

OA = the aggregate amount outstanding under the New Facilities, including accrued interest, at the date of the discharge of the security in the relevant Senior Collateral or Shared Collateral; and

PP =

(A) in a liquidation, the facility percentage set out opposite the Relevant Facility in the table below; and (B) outside a liquidation, the facility percentage set out opposite the Relevant Facility (other than for the USD 510 mill Facilities Agreement) in the table below divided by a factor of (1 - 0.402):

Relevant Facility
USD 510 mill Facilities Agreement USD 265 mill Facilities Agreement USD 170 mill Facilities Agreement Napoli Agreement Sichem Pearl Agreement Tour Pomerol Agreement

Loan Outstanding as at 30.08.12 (MUSD)
267.5 190.3 160.4
27.1 15.0
4.7
665.0

Facility Percentage (%}
40.2% 28.6% 24.1%
4.1% 2.3% 0.7% 100%

(ii) otherwise:

X = FCV / ACV * OA * PP, where

FCV = the aggregate of the most recent Market Value of all the Collateral Vessel(s) securing the Relevant Facility;

ACV = the aggregate of the most recent Market Value of all the Collateral Vessels securing the Relevant Facility;

OA = the aggregate amount outstanding under the New Facilities, including accrued interest, at the date of the discharge of the security in the relevant Senior Collateral or Shared Collateral; and

PP = the facility percentage set out opposite the Relevant Facility in the table above,

where (Y) shall be calculated as follows:

(iii) in the event that the relevant Senior Collateral or Shared Collateral comprises one or more Collateral Vessels:

Y = CV / ACV * OA * PP, where:

CV =

the amount of the sales proceeds (net of costs and expenses) of the Collateral Vessel(s) being comprised by the Senior Collateral or Shared Collateral subject to the enforcement or any other realisation or sale (the "Realised Value");

ACV =

the aggregate of the Realised Value and the most recent Market Value of the other Collateral Vessels (received by the Facilities Agents); and

OA =

the aggregate amount outstanding of the Additional Amounts of the Preferred Senior Lenders (the "Aggregate Additional Amount"), including accrued interest, at the date of the discharge of the security in the relevant Senior Collateral or Shared Collateral; and

PP =

a percentage the Additional Amounts of the Preferred Senior Lenders in respect of the Senior Facilities under which the relevant Senior Collateral or Shared Collateral is financed holds to the Aggregate Additional Amount.

(iv) otherwise:

Y = FCV / ACV * OA * PP, where:

FCV =

the aggregate of the most recent Market Value (as defined in the relevant Senior Facilities Agreement) of all the Collateral Vessel(s);

ACV = the aggregate of the most recent Market Value of all the Collateral Vessels;

OA =

the Aggregate Additional Amount, including accrued interest, at the date of the discharge of the security in the relevant Senior Collateral or Shared Collateral; and

PP =

as above.

22

Application of proceeds from enforcement of Super Senior Collateral: The proceeds of any

enforcement or any other realisation or sale of any Super Senior Collateral shall be paid to the New

Facilities Agent and shall be applied as follows:

a) firstly, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs, expenses and liabilities (and any interest thereon as provided in the Security Documents), under the New Facilities Agreement (except the Intercreditor Agreement) incurred by or on behalf of the New Facilities Agent or anyone appointed by it in connection with carrying out its duties or exercising its powers or discretions under the Security Documents;

b) secondly, in or towards payments of interest accrued on the New Facilities;

c) thirdly, in or towards payments to the New Facilities Agent for application towards the balance of the New Facility (including any unpaid fees, costs, expenses and liabilities; and

d) fourthly, subject to the discharge of the Security Documents having occurred, in payment of the surplus (if any) to the relevant pledgor, the Singapore Borrower or other person entitled thereto.

23

Intra-Group Debt: Intra-Group Debt (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) to be, subject to

certain permitted payments in the New HoldCo Group, fully subordinated debt in all respects.

Other terms: The Intercreditor Agreement shall be based on the LMA form of intercreditor agreement.

