ISIN NO O01 030952.9

.+

ISIN NO O01 030997.4

1 LOAN AGREEMENT
between
Atlantic Oilfield Services Ltd (Borrower)
and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee)
on behalf of
the Bondholders and the Warrantholders
in the issue
11.O per cent Atlantic Oilfield Services Ltd Callable Secured Bond Issue 2006/2011with Callable Warrants

Norsk TillitsmannASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions '

3

2 The Loan, the Bonds and the Warants

6

3 Listing

7

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

7

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

7

6. Conditions Precedent

8

7 Representations and Warranties

9

8 Status of the Loan and Security

10

9 Interest

10

1O Maturity of the Loan, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Forced Exercise 10

1 1 Interest in the event of late payment

11

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds and Borrower's Warrants

11

13 Exercise of the Exercise Right

11

14 Adjustment of the Exercise Price

13

15 Merger and De-merger

15

16 Covenants by the Borrower

15

17 Fees and Expenses

17

18 Events of Default

17

19 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

19

20 Procedural Rules

20

21 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

23

22 Change of Loan Trustee

23

23 Limitation

24

24 Dispute resolution and legal venue

24

Norsk TillitsmannASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement")has been entered into on 5 April 2006 between

Atlantic Oilfield Services Ltd, 3rdFloor, Par-la-Ville Place, 14 Par-la-Ville Road, Hamilton,

Bermuda as borrower (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342

624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").

v

Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders and the Warrantholders have acceded to this Loan Agreement (i.e.):
* The Bondholders and the Warrantholders are bound by the terms of this Loan
Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
* The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders' and Warrantholders' subscription been
granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders and the Warrantholders as set out in this Loan Agreement.

This Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that this Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan and the Warrant.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Assets:

means the aggregate consolidated book value of the Group's total assets in accordance with IFRS.

Banking Day:

means a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Bondholders:

means the holders of the bonds, each a "Bondholder".

Bonds:

means the bonds issued by the Borrower pursuant to this Loan Agreement, each a "Bond".

Borrower's Bonds:

means the bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by (i) the Borrower, (ii) the Borrower's subsidiaries, (iii) any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or (iv) any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Borrower's Warrants:

means warrants, owned by (i) the Borrower, (ii) the Borrower's subsidiaries, (iii) any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or (iv) any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

3

c

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Call Option: Change in Ownership or Control:
Disbursement Date: Equity: Equity Ratio: Event of Default: Exchange:
Execution Agent:
Exercise Date:
Exercise Period:
Exercise Price: Exercise Right:
Group: IFRS:

shall have the meaning'ascribedthereto in Clause 10.2.
means that a shareholder or a group of affiliated shareholders or companies, directly or indirectly, acquire (including through exercise of options, merger etc) more than 50.01 per cent of the Borrower's voting shares.
means 5 April 2006.
means the aggregate consolidated book value of the Group's total equity in accordance with IFRS.
means the ratio of Equity to Assets.
means the events and circumstances specified as such in Clause 18.
means the securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing (if applicable).
means the entity acting as registrar and execution agent on behalf of the Issuer in the Securities Depository in connection with the Warrants and the exercise of the Exercise Right - initially being DnB NOR Bank ASA,
means the date falling 10 - ten - Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received the relevant exercise notice pursuant to Clause 13.1.
means the period commencing on the Disbursement Date and ending on the tenth (10) Banking Day prior to the Final Maturity Date (both days inclusive) during whch the Exchange Rights may be exercised.
means USD 1.875 for each Share, subject to adjustments as provided in Clauses 14 and 15.
means the right of each Warrantholder to exercise each Warrant at the Exercise Price into (based on the initial Exercise Price) one Share, subject to Clauses 13, 14 and 15.
means the Borrower and all of its subsidiaries.
means the International Financial Reporting Standard.

4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Interest Payment Date: Loan: Mandatory Redemption: Mandatory Redemption Event: Maturity Date: Mortgage:
Net Profit: Outstanding Loan: Paying Agent:
Payment Date:
Remaining Loan:
Rig:
Securities Depository:

shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 9.1.
means the aggregate amount advanced by the Bondholders to the Borrower pursuant to this Loan Agreement.
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 10.3.
means that (i) the Rig is sold or otherwise disposed of or (ii) a "Change in Ownership or Control" has occurred.
means 5 April 2011.
means a first priority mortgage to be registered against the Rig in the Vanuatu Ship Registry (and to be registered in the Bahamas Ship Registry following the scheduled flag change of the Rig) in the amount of USD 35,000,000 plus cost and interest, in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
means the Group's (on consolidated basis) net profit after taxes based on the accounts of the preceding financial year in accordance with IFRS.
means the Remaining Loan less the Borrower's Bonds.
means the entity acting as registrar and paying agent on behalf of the Issuer in the Securities Depository in
connection with the LoadBonds - initially being
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB(Pub1).
means in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal in this Loan Agreement, provided that if any Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made on the following Banking Day.
means the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.
means the accommodation rig "Atlantic Rotterdam" currently registered in the Vayuatu Ship Registry with Official Number 1127 and to be re-flagged to the Bahamas Ship Registry in the ownership of the Borrower.
means the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On the Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirregisteret ("VPS").

5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Securities Depository Act: means the Norwegian act of 2002 No 64 regarding securities depository.

Security Documents:

means all or any documents issued as security for the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement as detailed in Clause 8.2 below.

Shares:

means the shares of the Borrower, being at the date of this Loan Agreement 55,000,000 ordinary shares, with a par value of USD 0.02, representing, in aggregate, one hundred per cent (100 %) of the issued share capital of the Borrower.

Trading Day:

means a day on which the exchange or other reputable market place on which the Shares are listed are open for trading during its respective regular trading session.

Warrantholders:

means the holders of the Warrants, each a "Warrantholder".

warrants:

means the rights pertaining to the Bonds to subscribe for new Shares pursuant to this Loan Agreement, each a "Warrant".

2 The Loan, the Bonds and the Warrants
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue Bonds in the amount of USD 35,000,000 (U.S.Dollarthirtyfivemillion),herein referred to as "the Loan".
The Bonds in the Loan will be in denominations of USD 100,000each and rank pari passu among themselves.
The Loan will be described as "11.O per cent Atlantic Oilfield Services Ltd Callable Secured Bond Issue 2006/2011 with Callable Warrants".
The international securities identification number ("ISIN") of the LodBonds will be NO 001 030952.9.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.
The net proceeds of the Loan will be used for refinancing and for the general financing of the Borrower.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
2.2 By subscribing to the Loan, each Bondholder will be allocated 13,334 thirteenthousandthreehuqdredandthirtyfour- Warrants for each allotted Bond, so that the total number of Warrants to be issued shall be 4,666,900 fourmillionsixhundredandsixtysixthousandandnineh~dredF.or each Warrant the Warrantholder is entitled to exercise the Exercise Right and with that the right to purchase 1 - one - Share at the Exercise Price on the conditions set out in Clause 13 (subject to adjustments as provided in Clauses 14 and 15).
The Warrants shall be separately tradable fiom the Bonds.
The international securities identification number ("ISIN") of the Warrants will be NO 001 030997.4.
3 Listing
3.1 Neither the LoadBonds nor the Warrants will be applied for listing.
4 Registration in the Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan and the Warrants must prior to the Disbursement Date be registered with the Securities Depository in accordance with the Securities Depository Act and the requirements of the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan and the Warrants. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of any such notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent and the Execution Agent for the Borrower provided that the Paying Agent and the Execution Agent are qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders'and the Warrantholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, and inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under this Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to it under this Loan
Agreement,
- ensure that valid decisions passed at Bondholder' meetings are being implemented, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to thls Loan Agreement,
- forward to the Bondholders and the Warrantholders necessary information which is
obtained and received in its capacity as Loan Trustee,
- verify the timely and correct payment by the Borrower of interest and principal, and
7

Norsk TillitsmannASA

- provided the Loan or the Warrants are listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances
which are of significant importance to the listing of the Loan or the Warrants; however, though only in situations in which the Loan Trustee is.aware of or should have knowledge about such circumstances and the Borrower neglects, despite encouragement from the Loan Trustee, to fulfil its obligations to provide information to the Exchange.

5.2 In performing its functions, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's

financial situation clearly be inferred

or ability from this

to service the Loan Loan Agreement.

exc-ept

to

the

extent

such

duty

may

5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders or the Warrantholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under this Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information it has submitted to the Bondholders on behalf of the Borrower provided it has been accurately forwarded to the Bondholders.

The Bondholders can not raise claims of indemnification against the Loan Trustee for decisions made by the Loan Trustee in the interest of the Warrantholders which could be in conflict with the interests of the Bondholders' or for decisions made by the Loan Trustee in the interest of the Bondholders which could be in conflict with the interests of the Warrantholders.

The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information it has submitted to the Bondholders and/or the Warrantholders on behalf of the Borrower provided that it has been accurately forwarded by the Loan Trustee.

5.4 The Loan Trustee may, in the execution and exercise of all or any of the powers, authorities and discretion's vested in it by this Loan Agreement, act by one or more of its responsible officers for the time being, and the Loan Trustee may also whenever it thinks it expedient in the interests of the Bondholders or the Warrantholders, whether by power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in it by this Loan Agreement. Any such delegation may be made upon such terms and conditions and subject to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the Loan Trustee may think fit in the interests of the Bondholders and the Warrantholders and shall be bound to supervise the proceedings and shall be responsible for any loss incurred by any misconduct or default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate.

6. Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan and the Warrants will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) this Loan Agreement duly signed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and the Warrants and execute this Loan Agreement,

8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) certified copies of the Bye-Laws of the Borrower and documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(d) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the
Borrower of this Loan Agreement, i.a. - (i) confirmation that the subscription
documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or (ii) confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law or any applicable law of the Borrower,
(e) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in the Securities Depository,
(0 the agreement set forth in Clause 17.1, duly signed by the Borrower,
(g) duly executed Security Documents,
(h) satisfactory documentation regarding the notification to the insurance company of the Loan Trustee as beneficiary (on first priority) for any insurance claims related to the Rig,
(i) legal opinion(s) satisfactory to the Loan Trustee regarding the Security Documents, the Warrants and this Loan Agreement, and
(j) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan.
6.2 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to the above.
6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the LodBonds and the Warrants will be made available to the Borrower at the Disbursement Date.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that at the Disbursement Date:
(a) all documents and information, including the term sheet and loan description in connection with this Loan presents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower which would have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under this Loan Agreement,
(b) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of this Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid, and
9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perfom its obligations under this Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee (except where the Loan Trustee's loss is due to its own negligence) for any economic losses suffered as a direct result of relying on the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan and Security
8.1 The Loan shall rankparipassu with all other existing senior debt of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan including interest and expenses shall be secured by the Mortgage. The Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall be notified at the insurance company as beneficiary (on first priority) for insurance claims related to the Rig.
9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including the Disbursement Date at a fixed rate of 11.O per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made semiannually in arrears on 5 April and 5 October each year (each an "Interest Payment Date"), the first Interest Payment Date being 5 October 2006 and the final Interest Payment Date being on the Final Maturity Date.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve months of 30days, unless a) the last day of the period is the 31`` day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30fhor 3lStday of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Mandatory Redemption
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 The Borrower may redeem, partly or wholly, the Remaining Loan (the "Call Option") as follows: (i) on 5 April 2007 at 105 % of par value (plus accrued interest), (ii) on 5 April 2008 at 104 % of par value (plus accrued interest), (iii) on 5 April 2009 at 103 % of par value (plus accrued interest), and (iv) on 5 April 2010 at 102 % of par value (plus accrued interest).
10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Should the Borrower exercise the Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders
must be informed of t h s (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty -
Banking Days before the date of redemption. If the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall simultaneous be informed.
Partial exercise of the Call Option shall be carried out by drawing lots between the Bonds.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this Clause shall be used for redemption of the Remaining Loan.
10.3 If a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs, the Borrower shall redeem the Loan (the "Mandatory Redemption") at 105 % of par value (plus accrued interest).
In the event of such Mandatory Redemption, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders shall be informed thereof (the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository) no
later than 15 - fifteen - Banking Days before the date of redemption. If the Loan is
listed, the Exchange shall be informed simultaneous.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this Clause shall be used for redemption of the Remaining Loan.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Interest Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 18.1 (a), cf.
Clauses 18.2 - 18.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds and Borrower's Warrants
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
12.2 The Borrower has the right to re-purchase Borrower's Warrants, in which case such Borrower's Warrants shall be cancelled and new Warrants may be issued in an amount equivalent to the cancelled amount.
13 Exercise of the Exercise Right and Forced Exercise of the Exercise Right
13. Each Warrantholder may exercise the Exercise Right at the Exercise Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided the relevant Warrantholder at the time of exercise
11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
has the right to own Shares under the applicable law(s) of the Borrower and the ByeLaws of the Borrower and notification is given pursuant to Clause 13.2.
The Warrantholder is on the Exercise Date entitled to receive one Share per each Warrant. Each Warrant must be exercised in whole and cannot be partly exercised. Any adjustment of the Exercise Price (and thereby the Exercise Right) shall be calculated as stipulated in Clauses 14 and 15.
13.2 If the Shares trade at NOK 22.59 (i.e equal to USD 3.50 at the issue date) or higher for a minimum of 20 - twenty - Trading Days consecutively, the Borrower may call the Warrants (the "Forced Exercise") by forcing the Warrantholders to exercise their Exercise Rights.
Should the Borrower exercise the Forced Exercise, the Borrower shall on the Banking Day succeeding the aforesaid 20 consecutive Trading Days inform the Warrantholders of this in writing (the "Forced Exercise Notice") via the Securities Depository no later than 30 (thirty) Banking Days before the date of Forced Exercise of the Exercise Rights. The Loan Trustee and the Exchange shall simultaneouslybe informed.
Exercise of the Exchange Rights due to a Forced Exercise Notice shall be accomplished pursuant to Clause 13.2 and at the applicable Exercise Price.
If a Warrantholder does not exercise its Exercise Right(s) after receiving the Forced Exercise Notice, the Exercise Right shall lapse.
13.3 In order to exercise the Exchange Right, a Warrantholder shall deliver to the Execution Agent (via the Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exchange notice. Exercise of the Exercise Right(s) shall be effected on the Exercise Date.
The relevant Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository shall notify the Execution Agent of the request to exercise the Exercise Right(s) and shall simultaneously demand payment from the relevant Warrantholder of an amount equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by the whole number of Shares to be issued under the Exercise Right(s) to an account designated by the Execution Agent, the payment being due 3 - three - Banking Days before the Exercise Date.
Upon any exercise of the Exercise Right only full Shares shall be delivered, and the relevant Warrantholder shall not be entitled to receive fractions of Shares. If a Warrantholder simultaneously exercises the Exchange Right for more than one Warrant, the Shares resulting from such exercise shall be aggregated with respect to fractions of Shares. Remaining fractions of Shares shall not be claimed.
On the Exercise Date, the Execution Agent shall transfer the number of Shares which are to be issued to the Warrantholder's account in the Securities Depository against crediting the Borrower of the amount paid.

12

4f

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
13.4 The Borrower is responsible for ensuring that:
(a) necessary approvals ta increase the share capital of the Borrower exist, (b) the share capital increase is registered in the Register of Members as soon as
possible, (c) shares issued upon exercise of the Exercise Right($ are registered in the Securities
Depository on the Exercise Date.
If the share capital increase is not registered in the Register of Members at the Exercise Date, the Borrower shall ensure that the shares following exercising shall be temporarily registered in the Securities Depository (with temporary ISIN).
13.5 Shares issued upon exercise of the Exercise Right(s) give rights in the Borrower as of the registration of the share capital increase in the Security Depository (if applicable) after the share issue, unless the general meeting of the Borrower has resolved differently. In addition, registration must have taken place in the Company Register (if applicable).

14 Adjustment of the Exercise Price

14.1 In the event of a new issue of shares in the Borrower in which shareholders have preferential rights to subscribe for the new shares,

(i) if the Borrower's shares are listed at an exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:

(sharepricex number of sharesbefore shareissue) +(share issue pricex nymberof new shares)

New ExercisePrice =

number of shares before share issue + number of new shares
Share Price

x old Exercise F'rice

The share price is the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the exchange the last three days the shares are quoted including rights.

(ii) if the Borrower's shares are not listed, each Bondholder shall have the same subscription right as the shareholders, as if the Bondholder already had exercised his Exercise Right(s).

14.2 In the event of an issue of financial instruments in which existing shareholders have preferential rights to subscribe for the financial instruments,

(i) if the Borrower's shares are listed at an exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:

New Exercise Price =

averageprice duringsubscriptionperiod

x old ExercisePrice

averageprice during the subscriptionperiod plus

the averageprice of the warrantsin the sameperiod

The average price is the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the exchange during the subscription period. Days without trading are not included in the calculation.

Norsk TillitsmannASA

(ii) if the Borrower's shares are not listed, each Bondholder shall have the same subscription right as the shareholders, as if the Bondholder already had exercised his Exercise Right(s).
14.3 In the event of a capital write-down of the Borrower's share capital and subsequent repayment to shareholders,
(i) if the Borrowers shares are listed at an exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:
New Exercise Price = share price less amount repaid per share x old Exercise Price share price

The share price is the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the exchange the last three days shares are quoted including rights.
(ii) if the Borrowers shares are not listed, the Exercise Price shall be reduced with an amount equal to the amount repaid pr share.
Reduction of the share capital without repayment to the shareholders shall have no influence on the Exercise Price.

14.4 In the event of a bonus issue of new shares in the Borrower (with the exception of shares issued in settlement of a merger offer), split or consolidation, the new Exercise Price shall be fixed as follows:

number of shares prior to bonus issue,

split or consolidation New Exercise Price =

x old Exercise Price

number of shares after bonus issue,

split or consolidation

In the event that the shares are split into more than one class of shares, the Exercise Right shall be adjusted so that Warrantholders' interest in the separate share classes remains unchanged, regardless of whether the Warrantholders elects to exercise prior to, or after the date on which the shares are quoted post split.
A bonus issue writing up the par value of the shares in the Borrower shall have no influence of the Exercise Price.
14.5 Should the Borrower make a dividend payment to shareholders of the Borrower, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted according to the principles of Clause 14.3.

14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
14.6 If changes are made in the share capital other than those mentioned in Clause 14.1 -
14.5 above, which are unfavourable to the Warrantholders compared to the shareholders, the Loan Trustee and the Borrower shall agree on a new Exercise Price. This also applies to other transactions, which are unfavourable to the Warrantholders. The principles expressed in Clause14.1 to Clause14.5 above shall always be the basis for any adjustments pursuant to this Clause.
For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and agree that the contemplated issuance of 11,666,667new shares and 11,587,302 warrants in consideration for the Borrower's acquisition of all the issued and outstanding shares of Atlantic Marine Services Group (Cyprus) Ltd. and the contemplated issuance of 8,111,111 warrants to Dag Dvergsten AS, Micaso Properties S.A.and Frans Plaggenburg shall not trigger an adjustment of the Exercise Price.
14.7 If the Exercise Price is below par value of the shares, par value of the shares still applies, and the Borrower shall upon exercise pay the Warrantholder the difference between the par value of the shares and the applicable Exercise Price.
15 Merger and De-merger
15.1 If the Borrower decides on a statutory merger (in accordance with prevailing legislation from time to time) in which the Borrower is the acquired company, the Warrants shall, on completion of the merger, be transformed to rights to subscribe shares (warrants) in the acquiring company, on terms adjusted for the exchange ratio applied in the merger.
Warrantholders shall receive written notification of the merger from the Borrower through the Securities Depository no later than 5 (five) Banking Days after the merger having been made.
15.2 Should the Borrower decide on a merger, in which the Borrower is the acquiring company, and shareholders in the acquired company receive settlement in the form of Shares or a combination of Shares and cash, no adjustment will be made to the Exercise Price.
15.3 In the event of a de-merger, a split-up, a spin-off or if any other event occurs whch in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee has the same effect as a de-merger, such adjustments to the Exchange Right and the Exchange Price shall be made pursuant to the principles set out in Clause 14 as the Loan Trustee in its reasonable opinion shall consider appropriate.
16 Undertakings by the Borrower
16.1 During the term of the Loan and the Warrants the Borrower shall:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default under this Loan Agreement according to Clause 18 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should reasonably understand is likely to lead to a default under this Loan Agreement,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by delivering such reports to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant financial period,
(c) at the Loan Trustee's request send a report outlining the balance of the Borrower's Bonds and Borrower's Warrants,
(d) provide the documents and information necessary to enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and obligations pursuant to this Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(e) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
( f ) send a copy to the Loan Trustee of notices to the Company Register (if applicable) to be announced as creditor's notices,
(8) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any event resulting in an adjustment of the Exercise Right or the Exercise Price or other adjustments in accordance with this Loan Agreement,
(h) ensure that the Group maintains an Equity Ratio of at least 0.35, and
(i) provide for reasonable maintenance and insurance of the Rig.
16.2 The Borrower shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or - where necessary according to Clause 19 - the Bondholders'meeting:
(a) within a calendar year make or distribute dividend payment, repurchase of Shares or make other distributions to its shareholders other than as follows: (i) if the Equity Ratio is less than 0.35, no dividend payment are allowed, (ii) if the Equity Ratio is equal to 0.35, up to 35 % of the Net Profit may be paid as dividend, (iii) if the Equity Ratio is equal to 0.36, up to 36 % of the Net Profit may be paid as dividend, (iv) etc always provided that the dividend distribution shall not exceed 50 % of the Net Profit, and whereas (for the purpose of this Clause only) the Equity Ratio shall be measured quarterly on a 12 months rolling basis and the lowest ratio of these four calculated ratios shall be applicable as regards the aforesaid dividend restriction (any un-utilized portion of the aforesaid dividend capacity may not be carried forward to any subsequent calendar year),

Norsk TillitsmannASA
(b) ,and procure that no member of the Group shall, make any financial agreements
concerning the Rig which jeopardizes the Mortgage and which has effect on the operating abilities of the Mortgage,
(c) cease to carry on its business,- or
(d) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature of its business which might jeopardise the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, however so that no approval by the Loan Trustee and/or the Bondholders' meeting shall be required if the sales proceeds from a sale of the Rig will be sufficient to cover the Borrower's obligations under Clause 10 - provided that sufficient (in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee) amount of such sales proceeds will be transferred to a blocked and pledged account (in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders)) to secure the repayment of the Loan.
16.3 The Borrower undertakes to furnish the Bondholders and the Warrantholders with the same written information as is sent to the Borrower's shareholders.
17 Fees and Expenses
17.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, as set out in a separate agreement.
17.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses reasonably incurred in connection with the Loan, the Bonds and the Warrants, such as preparation of this Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan and the Warrants on the Exchange and registration and administration of the Loan and the Warrants in the Securities Depository.
17.3 The Borrower shall cover any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the Loan and the Warrants. Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds or the Warrants in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders or the Warrantholders (as the case may be), unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for the deduction at source of any withholding tax payable pursuant to Norwegian law.
17.4 In addition to the Loan Trustee's fee pursuant to Clause 17.1, and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 17.2 and 17.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover necessary and reasonable extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, the Bonds or the Warrants, such as summoning and holding Bondholders' meetings and change of trustee, unless otherwise specifically agreed. See, however, Clause 22.2.
18 Events of Default
18.1 The Loan may be declared by the Loan Trustee (ref. this Clause 18 and Clause19) to be in default upon the occurrence and continuing of any of the following events:
17

Norsk TillitsmannASA
the Borrower shall fail to pay on a Payment Date any interest or principal due or any other amount due and payable under this Loan Agreement; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 7 - seven Banking Days after the Payment Date or the relevant due date,
the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other material covenant or obligation, to be performed under this Loan Agreement and such failure is not remedied within 15 - fifteen - Banking Days after written notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
any other loan indebtedness of, or assumed by the Group exceeding a total of USD
10 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies - is declared due and
repayable prior to its agreed maturity caused by an occurrence of any event of default thereunder by a member of the Group,
the Borrower shall enter into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place,
any representation or warranty made by the Borrower in this Loan Agreement or in connection herewith proves to be incorrect in any material respect in relation to the Loan as at the time made and this has a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to comply with its obligations under this Loan Agreement, or
any change occurs in the financial condition of the Borrower which, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, after consultations with the Borrower, will have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to meet its payment obligations under this Loan Agreement.
18.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 18.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee may, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and immediately due for redemption. The Loan Trustee may, at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan.
18.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 18.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment immediately i f
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders'meeting has decided to accelerate the Loan due to an event of default having occurred and which is continuing.
18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory collateral for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who have made a demand in accordance with litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.
18.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 18.2 or 18.3 declares the Loan to be immediately repayable, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a written demand for the repayment of the Loan including accrued interest and any other amounts payable under this Loan Agreement.
18.5 No individual Bondholder or group of Bondholders shall separately be entitled to demand payment or enforcement of its Bonds directly from the Borrower.
19 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
19.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or this Loan Agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions related thereto and in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of trustee,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes to this Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale, mortgaging or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets, however so that no approval by the Bondholders shall be required if the sales proceeds from a sale of the Rig will be sufficient to cover the Borrower's obligations under Clause 10 - provided that a sufficient (in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee) amount of such sales proceeds will be transferred to a pledged account (in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders)) to secure the repayment of the Loan,
(0 declare the Loan to be immediately repayable due to an event of default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that may give certain Bondholders or other parties an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
19.2 The Loan Trustee can alone make a decision as mentioned in Clause 19.1 (d) - (e)
provided that:
19

Norsk TillitsmannASA
the arrangements regarding the Borrower's assets or the changes in the Borrower's corporate structure are not, in the Loan Trustee's reasonable opinion, of material importance for the fulfilment of this Loan Agreement, or
any securities the Borrower may provide in connection with any such arrangements, provide, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Remaining Loan.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in this Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 19.1 c), provided that the matters in question are, in the Loan Trustee's reasonable opinion, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the Loan Trustee's opinion of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone, should any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit
which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the
notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under this Loan Agreement that may give certain Bondholders or other parties unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
19.3 The Loan Trustee is free to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting, however not in respect of Clause 19.1 e) if the sales proceeds of the Rig is sufficient to cover the Borrower's obligations under Clause 10 - provided that a sufficient (in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee) amount of such sales proceeds will be transferred to a pledged account of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) to secure the repayment of the Loan.
19.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
19.5 The Borrower and the Bondholders and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange, shall be notified of decisions mentioned in Clauses 19.1 and 19.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
20 Procedural Rules
20.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan,
(c) the Loan Trustee or

20

k!&.-

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) the Exchange, in the event that the Loan is listed.
A request for a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
20.2 A Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 20.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon a Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as
set forth in Clause 20.1 within 10 - ten - Banking Days after having received such
request, then the Borrower or the relevant Bondholder(s) or the Exchange, has the right to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 20.3.
20.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at
the latest 5 - five - Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange for public announcement. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the printout is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower and at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters, which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 21 of this Loan Agreement, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
20.4 The meeting shall be held at the Loan Trustee's premises or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or trustee of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Furthermore, the
decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies, elected by the Bondholder meeting. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
20.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting may grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
20.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each bond carries one vote. The notification of the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 20.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owners' right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the printout was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the printout, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give voting rights and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
20.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see, however, Clause 2 1.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the Bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/10 or more of the Outstanding Loan, valid decisions
may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 20.8 .
20.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of trustee,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) material changes in this Loan Agreement, including interest, repayment date, and security/collateral, or
(d) change in the Borrower's corporate or business structure which are of material importance for the fulfilment of the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement.
22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
20.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to this Loan Agreement shall be attached to this Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
21 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
21.1 In the event that less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, valid decisions may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. AAer a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan is represented.
22 Change of Loan Trustee
22.1 In the event that the Borrower and/or Bondholders each representing 1/10 of the voting rights of the Bonds, wish to replace the Loan Trustee or a change of trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall present to the Bondholders meeting a new trustee. The Bondholders and/or the Borrower or, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange may submit proposals for the appointment of a new trustee.
The trustee function of the L o d B o n d s and the trustee function of the Warrants can be separated.
The Bondholders and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of trustee becomes effective.
22.2 The Loan Trustee shall continue to perform its duties under this Loan Agreement until the new trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not fulfil its obligations, or the interests of the Bondholders suffer, the Exchange may nominate a new, temporary trustee. The Borrower is liable for costs incurred by nomination of a temporary trustee, pursuant to Clause 17.4,but can, either in whole or in part, demand reimbursement from the former Loan Trustee, in the event that the change of trustee is due to breach of duty pursuant to the provisions of the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the Loan Trustee is responsible.
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

22.3 The Loan Trustee shali co-operate so that the new trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders'meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under this Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the status under this Loan Agreement.

23 Limitation
23.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian act relating to the prescription period for claims dated 18 May 1979 no. 18.

24 Notification

24.1 All communications concerning this Loan Agreement or circumstances related to this Loan Agreement shall be notified to the Loan Trustee or the Borrower in writing, by letter or by telefax to the following addresses:

the Loan Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Haakon VII's gate 1
P.O. Box 1470 Vika
N-0116 Os10
Telefax: + 47 22 87 94 10

the Borrower:

Atlantic Oilfield Services Ltd c/o Dag Dvergsten AS Munkedamsveien 45, oppgang A N-0250 Os10
Telefax: + 47 22 94 77 01

Attn.: Hege Anfindsen

or to such other addresses as any of them may so notify to the other.

24.2 Should any of the above addresses or telefax numbers be changed, the party to whom the change of address applies shall, in the manner set out in Clause 22.1, immediately notify the other party of such change. Thereafter, all communication shall be sent to the new address.
25. Dispute resolution and legal venue

25.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.

24

F

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
25.2 Legal suits shall be served at the Loan Trustee's competent legal venue. Oslo, 4 April 2006

Atlantjq Oilfield Services Ltd

' pr.pr. 'NorskTillitsmannASA
3.------....,.+...-......................
Lbapi Trustee

This Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Borrower
and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

25

