NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 062793.8 - 12% Eitzen Maritime Services ASA Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014
Oslo, 17 October 2012 SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING - REQUEST FOR AMENDMENT OF BOND AGREEMENT Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Trustee") acts as loan trustee for the holders of bonds (the "Bondholders") in the "12% Eitzen Maritime Services ASA Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014" with ISIN NO 001 062793.8 (the "Bond Issue") where Eitzen Maritime Services ASA (the "Company") is the issuer. All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this summons (the "Summons") shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the agreement (as amended) for the Bond Issue (the "Bond Agreement"). The information in this Summons regarding the Company and market conditions is provided by the Company, and the Trustee expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information. 1 BACKGROUND AND CORPORATE UPDATE The Company is currently contemplating to carry out a rights offering (the "Rights Offering") with expected minimum gross proceeds of NOK 62,131,000 ("Minimum Gross Proceeds") and maximum gross proceeds of approximately NOK 87,000,000 ("Maximum Gross Proceeds"). The Rights Offering is expected to be carried out in the fourth quarter of 2012 subject to necessary corporate resolutions and approval of a prospectus for the Rights Offering. In order to facilitate the Company with sufficient financing for the coming 12 months according to the current plan for operations, the Company is dependent on carrying out the
1

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Rights Offering with Maximum Gross Proceeds or in other ways improve its liquidity to an extent as if the Maximum Gross Proceeds were obtained. Only the Minimum Gross Proceeds has been guaranteed. Therefore, the Company asks the Bondholders to allow for the option to pay the interest falling due in 2012 and 2013 as payment in kind in the form of new bonds in an amount equal to the difference between the Maximum Gross Proceeds and the actual gross proceeds received through the Rights Offering. As a consequence of the above, the maximum amount under the Bond loan is also requested increased to allow for such payment in kind.
Furthermore, as the Rights Offering will not be completed within the upcoming interest payment date 24 October 2012, the Company proposes that non-payment of such interest payment shall not be considered an event of default, provided such payment is made at the earlier of (i) five business days after registration of the Rights Offering in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises, and (ii) 31 December 2012.
For further details on background and Company update, reference is made to (i) the Annual Report 2011 published 30 April 2012, (ii) stock exchange notices on www.newsweb.no under the ticker symbol "EMS", and (iii) the Company's unaudited Q2 report published 15 August 2012. The Bondholders are encouraged to review such information and, if necessary, consult the Company for any further details to get an update of the Company's financial and operational status.
2 PROPOSAL The Company has resolved to propose (the "Proposal") that the Bondholders Meeting adopts the necessary resolutions in order to amend the Bond Agreement to ensure that:
a) Non-payment of the interest payment for the Bonds falling due 24 October 2012 (the "October Interest Amount") shall not be considered an event of default, provided such payment is made at the earlier of (i) five business days after registration of the Rights Offering in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises, and (ii) 31 December 2012. The October Interest Amount shall bear an interest from and including 24 October 2012 at an interest rate equal to the current coupon of the Bonds;
b) Provided that the Rights Offering is completed with gross proceeds less than the Maximum Gross Proceeds (provided, however, more than the Minimum Gross Proceeds), the proposed deferred interest payment which originally falls due 24 October 2012 and the interest payments under the Bonds falling due 24 April 2013 and 24 October 2013 shall be made as a payment-in-kind of additional Bonds, calculated based on the total number of Bonds held by each holder of Bonds rounded down to the nearest NOK 1.00 ("PIK"), to the extent and in order to, starting with the proposed deferred interest payment which originally falls due on 24 October 2012, that the aggregate of PIK and the gross proceeds in the Rights Offering equals the Maximum
2

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Gross Proceeds. The paying agent under the Bonds shall carry the PIK into effect at the relevant interest payment dates. The additional Bonds to be issued upon PIK shall give the same rights as the other issued Bonds as of the registration of the increased outstanding amount of the Bonds' loan in the relevant securities register, and shall be deemed to constitute a part of the Bonds' loan. For the avoidance of doubt, if payment of the October Interest Amount is canned out as a PIK, no overdue interest will be calculated in connection with such PIK payment due to the PIK Bonds will commence interest from and including 24 October 2012; and
c) The maximum amount under the Bond loan is increased to allow for the PIK.
3 FURTHER INFORMATION For more detailed information, please contact CFO Mr. Ole Anton Gulsvik, telephone no. +47 995 68 520, e-mail ogu@ems-asa.com or CEO Mr. Morten Pedersen, telephone no. +47 908 33 624, e-mail mop@ems-asa.com.
4 THE COMPANY'S EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL 4.1 The Company's evaluation The Company is continuously monitoring the cash flow of the operations. Based on the current assumptions for its activities going forward, the Company has identified a shortfall of working capital. The Company has evaluated the Proposal, the Rights Offering and other financial alternatives. On this basis, the Company is of the opinion that the Rights Offering combined with the Proposal constitutes a feasible solution for securing the Company sufficient working capital in the short term perspective.
Correspondingly, the Company is of the opinion that the Proposal is to the advantage of the Bondholders, and that the Proposal is fully aligned with the interests of the Bondholders.
4.2 Non-reliance Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Trustee. The Bondholders should independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly.

5 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING The Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time:

25 October 2012 at 10:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 0116 Oslo (Norway) - 5th floor

3

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Agenda:

1.

Approval of the Summons

2.

Approval of the agenda

3.

Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman

4.

Request for adoption of the Proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondholders' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in the Summons section 2 and further specified in Appendix 1 - Form of Amendment Agreement,

The Trustee is given the power of attorney to enter into an amendment agreement specified in Appendix 1 - Form of Amendment Agreement to this Summons, as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including make other related and necessary amendments to the Bond Agreement, In addition, the Trustee is given the power of attorney to increase the maximum amount under the Bond loan to allow for the PIK.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 1/2 of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting (in person or by proxy) and 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

Please find attached a bondholder's form from the Securities Register (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting1.

The individual Bondholder may authorise the Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serve as proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).

In the event that the Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

1 If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm: (i) the owner o f the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal value o f the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered
4

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Trustee, to notify the Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (as set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Enclosed: Bondholder's form Appendix 1: Form o f Amendment Agreement
5

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
APPENDIX 1
ISINNO 001 062793.8 THIRD AMENDMENT AGREEMENT
dated 25 October 2012 relating to a
BOND AGREEMENT originally dated 21 October 2011
between Eitzen Maritime Services ASA
as Issuer and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Trustee on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 12 % Eitzen Maritime Services ASA Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014
6

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION............................................................................... 8

2 REPRESENTATIONS................................................................................................................ 9

3 AMENDMENT............................................................................................................................9

4 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT...................................................................................................10

5 MISCELLANEOUS.................................................................................................................. 11

6 GOVERNING LAW.................................................................................................................. 11

7

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
THIS THIRD AMENDMENT AGREEMENT is dated 25 October 2012 and made between:
(1) Eitzen Maritime Services ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 969 031 140) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Trustee").
WHEREAS: (A) The Issuer and the Trustee have on 21 October 2011 entered into a loan agreement, and amendment agreements on 8 December 2011 and 30 May 2012 (together the "Bond Agreement"), in respect of the bond issue with ISIN NO 001 062793.8.
(B) The Issuer has asked the Bondholders in the Bond Agreement to (i) on certain terms, not consider the non-payment of the interest payment falling due on 24 October 2012 as a default, and (ii) for the possibility to roll up interest payment due 24 October 2012 and the two interest payments falling due in 2013 to the extent the Issuer does not obtain the maximum gross proceeds in a contemplated rights offering.
(C) In the Bondholders' meeting held 25 October 2012, the Bondholders approved item (i) and (ii) listed under B above, and authorised the Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders to enter into this Agreement and to carry out any necessary completion work.
(D) The Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Issuer has now agreed to amend the Bond Agreement on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement.
IT IS AGREED as follows:
1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1 Definitions In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
"Third Amendment Agreement" means this third amendment agreement.
"Effective Date" means the date when the Trustee has confirmed by letter to the Issuer that the conditions set out in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) of this Agreement are fulfilled. 1.2 Incorporation of defined terms In this Third Amendment Agreement, unless context otherwise requires:
(a) a term defined in Clause 1.1 {Definitions) of the Bond Agreement has the same meaning when used in this Third Amendment Agreement; and
8

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

(b) the principles of construction set out in Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Bond Agreement shall have the effect as if set out in this Third Amendment Agreement.

2

REPRESENTATIONS

Each Obligor makes the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 under Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement to the Trustee (on behalf of the Bond Holders) by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a) on the date of this Third Amendment Agreement; and

(b) on the Effective Date.

3

AMENDMENT

3.1 Amendment

3.1.1 Clause 2.2.1 o f the Bond Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following wording:
"The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the Maximum amount of NOK [224,868,995] (Norwegian kroner [224,868,995]). The Bond Issue may comprise one or more tranches issued on different issue dates ("Tap Issues"). The first tranche will be in the amount of NOK 60,000,000 (Norwegian Kroner. 60,000,000).

The Bond Issue is an open (tap) issue and will be closed no later than (5) Business Days prior to Maturity Date.

The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 1 each and rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as 12 % Eitzen Maritime Services ASA Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 062793.8.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date."

3.1.2 Clause 9 o f the Bond Agreement shall be amendedfurther by inserting a new Clause 9.7 and 9.8 with the following wordings:

"9.7 The Company is contemplating to carry out a rights offering (the "Rights Offering") with expected minimum gross proceeds of NOK 62,131,000 ("Minimum Gross Proceeds") and maximum gross proceeds of approximately NOK 87,000,000 ("Maximum Gross Proceeds"). The Rights Offering is expected to be carried out in
9

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
the fourth quarter of 2012 subject to necessary corporate resolutions and approval of a prospectus for the Rights Offering.
As the Rights Offering will not be completed within the upcoming interest payment date 24 October 2012, the Bondholders accepts that non-payment of such interest payment shall not be considered an Event of Default, provided such payment is made at the earlier of (i) five business days after registration of the Rights Offering in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises, and (ii) 31 December 2012. "
And
"9.8 Provided that the that the Rights Offering is completed with gross proceeds less than the Maximum Gross Proceeds (provided, however, more than the Minimum Gross Proceeds), the deferred interest payment which originally falls due 24 October 2012 and the interest payments under the Bonds falling due 24 April 2013 and 24 October 2013 shall be made as a payment-in-kind of additional Bonds, calculated based on the total number of Bonds held by each holder of Bonds rounded down to the nearest NOK 1.00 ("PIK"), to the extent and in order to, starting with the proposed deferred interest payment which originally falls due on 24 October 2012, that the aggregate of PIK and the gross proceeds in the Rights Offering equals the Maximum Gross Proceeds. The paying agent under the Bonds shall carry the Payment-In-Kind into effect at the relevant interest payment dates. The additional Bonds to be issued upon Payment-In-Kind shall give the same rights as the other issued Bonds as of the registration of the increased outstanding amount of the Bonds' loan in the relevant securities register, and shall be deemed to constitute a part of the Bonds' loan."
3.2 Continuing Obligations The provisions of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents shall, save as amended and restated by this Third Amendment Agreement, continue in full force and effect.
References to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Document shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Third Amendment Agreement.
4 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
(a) The obligation of the Trustee to accept that the Bond Agreement is amended in accordance with the terms of this Third Amendment Agreement is conditional upon the Trustee having received in form and substance satisfactory to it:
(i) this Third Amendment Agreement duly executed by all parties hereto;
(ii) written confirmation of compliance with Clause 7.1 and Clause 7 {Representation and Warranties) in the Bond Agreement (if required by the Trustee);
10

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
(iii) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute this Third Amendment Agreement; and
(iv) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of this Third Amendment Agreement, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Issuer.
(b) When the conditions set out above are met in a manner satisfactory to the Trustee, the Trustee shall inform the Issuer in writing of the Effective Date.
5 MISCELLANEOUS 5.1 Incorporation of terms
The provisions Clause 18.7 {Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Third Amendment Agreement as if set out in full in this Third Amendment Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Agreement" are references to this Third Amendment Agreement. 5.2 Additional Finance Documents This Third Amendment Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Bond Agreement. 6 GOVERNING LAW This Third Amendment Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian Law.
(The remainder o f this page intentionally left blank)
11

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

The Issuer
Name: Title:
The Trustee

SIGNATORIES:

Name: Title:

12

