NORDIC TRUSTEE

(Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er km utarbeidet pci engelsk For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Nordic Trustee ASA pa telefon +47 22 87 94 00.)

To the bondholders in:

ISIN NO 001 076955.7 - Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2016/2020

Oslo, 7 November 2016

Summons for Written Resolution - Proposal for consent in respect of proposed super priority funding

Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as bond trustee for the bond issue Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2016/2020 with ISIN NO 001 076955.7 (the "Bond Issue") issued by Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. (the "Issuer") pursuant to the bond agreement dated 28 July 2016 (the "Bond Agreement"), between, amongst others, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Bond Agreement unless otherwise stated.

The information in this Summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee and the Receiving Agent (as defined below) expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related tosuch information.

1.

BACKGROUND

Reference is made to the decision by the Bondholders' Meetings for the bond issue Harkand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019 (the "Harkand Bonds") contemplated - and proposed in summons to bondholders' meetings on 27 April 2016 and on 9 May 2016. Further reference is made to the notice to Bondholders dated 12 August 2016.

Please refer to the operational update attached as Appendix 1 for additional background information.

2.

NEW FUNDING

2.1 Terms of Liquidity Bonds
In order to make payments required to meet Eligible Costs, Bondholders will need to provide further funding to the Issuer. To this end, it is contemplated that the Issuer will issue new bonds in the aggregate amount of USD 15,000,000 (the "Liquidity Bonds").

All Bondholders will be entitled to participate in the Liquidity Bonds, subject to such Bondholders providing evidence of their current holdings of Bonds as of 9 November 2016 (the "Record Date") to the Receiving Agent (as defined below). Each Bondholder will be Invited to subscribe for Liquidity Bonds on a pro rata basis, based on the proportion that their holdings of Bonds bear to the aggregate amount of outstanding Bonds. The allocation of the Liquidity Bonds shall always be subject to the discretion of the Receiving Agent (as defined below), the Bond Trustee and the board of directors of the Issuer in accordance with the Term Sheet (as defined below).

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

NORDIC TRUSTEE

The Liquidity Bonds shall be issued on the terms set out in the funding term sheet attached as Appendix 2 (the "Term Sheet") and an intercreditor agreement shall be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders and the holders of the Liquidity Bonds) (the "Intercreditor Agreement") to implement and regulate the Super Priority (as defined in the Term Sheet). A substantially finalised draft of the Intercreditor Agreement is attached as Appendix 3. The Intercreditor Agreement will provide a waterfall whereby any payments made and proceeds recovered under the Bond Agreement and the Liquidity Bond Agreement will be applied in the following manner of priority: (i) fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee (as Bond Trustee and as trustee for the Liquidity Bonds); (ii) amounts due under the Liquidity Bonds; and (iii) amounts due under the Bonds.

2.2 Subscription for Liquidity Bonds Interested Bondholders may notify their subscription interest to ONB Markets (the "Receiving Agent"), by way of email to bond.syndicate@dnb.no by sending a request, together with proof of holdings as of the Record Date. DNB Markets acts solely as receiving agent in respect of the Liquidity Bonds, and shall have no liability in respect of any statements or descriptions contained in this Summons and its appendixes.
Subscription for Liquidity Bonds will end on 21 November 2016, with final allocation expected to be sent out shortly thereafter. Settlement is expected on or about 28 November 2016.
Selling and transfer restrictions: The Issuer's offer to subscribe for Liquidity Bonds is subject to applicable securities laws and the offer does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy bonds in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.

2.3 Confirmation from Bondholders requesting subscription By sending a request for subscription to the Receiving Agent, the relevant Bondholder confirms that it:

1. may pursuant to applicable securities laws lawfully subscribe for Liquidity Bonds;

2. either (A) is not in the United States or a "U.S. Person" (within the meaning of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act); or (B) is a "qualified institutional buyer" ("QIB") acquiring the Liquidity Bonds for its own account or for one or more accounts, each of which is a QIB, in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements under the U.S. Securities Act and (ii) has executed and delivered to the Receiving Agent a U.S. investor representation letter (the form of which is attached as Appendix 4).

3.

CERTAIN AMENDMENTS TO THE BOND AGREEMENT

In order to (i) facilitate for the issuance of the Liquidity Bonds and implement the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; and (ii) simplify the governance and cash management of the Issuer and the Guarantors, it is contemplated to make certain amendments to the Bond Agreement as set out in the redline to the Bond Agreement attached as Appendix 5.

4.

FURTHER INFORMATION AND BONDHOLDER CALL

An information conference call will be set up by Kevin O'Hara, Director of the Issuer, on Thursday 10 November 2016 at 15:00pm Oslo time/9:00am New York time to provide further information about the status of the Vessels and future strategy of the Issuer.

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

NORDIC TRUSTEE

Call in details for the information conference call will be available from BA-HR (as legal advisor to the Bond Trustee), subject to receipt of proof of holdings of Bonds to be sent to BA-HR in accordance with the contact details below no later than end of business Oslo time on 9 November. Proof of holdings may include transcript of holdings from VPS/prime broker duly legible, or other evidence of holdings in the form of an up to date screen shot or custodian letter.

Contact details to BA-HR for receipt of call in details Email: mormo@bahr.no, with copy to maskv@bahr.no

If Bondholders require any further detail on the information contained in this Summons or the Proposal, they should contact Kevin O'Hara, Director of the Issuer, through the following contacts:

Contact person: Kevin O 'Hara Email: kohara@amausa.com Phone: +1212-682-3344

5.

PROPOSAL

Based on the foregoing, the Bondholders are asked to approve the following proposal (the "Proposal"):

"The Bond Trustee is authorised and instructed to:

1.

Approve the issuance o f the Liquidity Bonds and the Super Priority substantially on the terms as

set out In the Term Sheet and take any such steps and enter into any such documentation which

may be necessary to implement the transactions contemplated by the Term Sheet, including but

not limited to the Intercreditor Agreement and the bond agi'eementfo r the Liquidity Bonds;

2.

Carry out and implement the terms o f the Intercreditor Agreement;

3.

Amend the Bond Agreement as set out in item 3 above;

4.

Enter into and execute any such other agreements, letters, power o f attorneys, deed and/or

notices as may be necessary or advisable (in the absolute discretion o f the Bond Trustee) in

order to implement the proposals above. "

6.

EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL

The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee and nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal, financial and tax advisers regarding the

effect of the Proposal.

7.

WRITTEN RESOLUTION

Bondholders are hereby provided with a voting request for a Bondholders' Written Resolution pursuant to clause 16,5 ( Written Resolutions) of the Bond Agi'eement. For the avoidance of doubt, no Bondholders' meeting will be held.

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

NORDIC TRUSTEE
Voting Period: The Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority before 21 November 2016 at 17:00 (Oslo time) (the "Voting Period"). How to vote: A duly .signed Voting Form with proof of holdings attached must be received by the Bond Trustee no later than at the end of the Voting Period and must be submitted by scanned e-mail or telefax as follows: E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 It is proposed that the Bondholders resolve the following Proposal by way of Written Resolution (the "Proposed Resolution"): "The Bondholders approve by Written Resolution the Proposal as set out in this Summons. " To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds must vote in favour of the Proposal. A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority has been achieved, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, in which case the resolution is that the relevant proposal is not approved. The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessaiy voting majority being achieved. Votes which are submitted may be alternated or withdrawn before the end of the Voting Period or before the Bond Trustee has provided a notice of the Written Resolution. If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period. If the Proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged and the Liquidity Bonds will not be issued.
Kind regards Nordic Trustee ASA
Vivian Trøsch

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

NORDIC TRUSTEE
Enclosed: Voting Form Appendix 1: Operational Update Appendix 2: Term Sheet Appendix 3: Intercreditor Agreement Appendix 4: U.S. Investor Representation Letter Appendix 5: Redline of Amended and Restated Bond Agreement

# 6756581/1 PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo

5 (13) nordictrustee.com

NORDIC TRUSTEE

Written Bondholders' resolution ISIN: NO 001 070820.9 - Harkand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019 The undersigned holder or authorised person/entity, votes either in favour of or against the Proposed Resolution.
D In favour of the Proposed Resolution D Against the Proposed Resolution.

ISIN
ISIN NO 001 076955.7
C ustodian nam e

A m ount o f bonds ow ned A ccount n u m b er at C ustodian

Com pany

D ay tim e telep h o n e num ber E m ail

Enclosed to this form is the complete printout from our custodian/VPS,1verifying our bondholding in the bond issue as o f:_________
We acknowledge that Nordic Trustee ASA in relation to the Written Resolution for verification purposes may obtain information regarding our holding of bonds on the above stated account in the securities register VPS.

Place, date
Return:
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O.Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo
Telefax: +47 22 87 94 10 Tel: +47 22 87 94 00 Mail to: mail@nordictrustee.no

Authorised signature

1 If the bonds are held in custody other than in the VPS, evidence provided from the custodian - confirming that (i) you are the owner of the bonds, (ii) in which account number the bonds are hold, and (iii) the amount o f bonds owned.

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

NORDIC TRUSTEE

Appendix 1 {Operational Update)

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vtls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

Dive Support Vessels Nor Atlantic and Nor Da Vinci Operational Update and New Money Request November 2016

CONFIDENTIAL
DISCLAIMER: THIS OVERVIEW CONTAINS ESTIMATES. ACTUAL FIGURES M A Y VARY FROM ESTIMATES This document has been prepared for information purposes only and is not a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell any security, commodity or investment or related derivative or to participate in any trading strategy. The opinions and estimates contained herein represent the views of Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. (the "Company") as of the date of this document and may be subject to change without any prior notice. The information discussed in this document includes statements regarding the intent, belief and current expectations of the Company with respect to operation of the Dive Support Vessels Nor Atlantis and Nor Da Vinci. Recipients of this document are cautioned that estimates contained herein involve risks and uncertainties and that actual recoveries may differ materially. Nothing in this document should be construed as guarantees offuture performance or recoveries. Please note that past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. Estimates provided in this document are prepared by the Company. Some of these estimates are based on prevailing currency exchange rates, which may fluctuate over time, and the Company has made no attempt to forecast future exchange rates for those estimates. The Company expressly disclaims any and all liabilities for any losses related to investments or other actions by an investor caused by or motivated by this document. Any person receiving this document (or the information contained herein) is deemed to have accepted this disclaimer, that shall apply even if the information presented is erroneous or incomplete or based upon incorrect or incomplete facts, interpretations, assessments or assumptions by the Company, and irrespective of whether the Company or any Indemnified Person (as defined below) can be blamed for such incident. By accepting this document, the recipient of this document agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, agents and employees (each, an "Indemnified Person") from and against any direct or indirect losses, claims, demands, damages or liabilities of any kind relating to or arising out of information presented in this document. This document is dated 7 November 2016. Neither the delivery of this document nor any further discussions by the Company with any of its recipients shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd., Nor Offshore Atlantis SPV, Ltd. or Nor Offshore Da Vinci SPV, Ltd. since such date.
Page 2 of 10

CONFIDENTIAL
Introduction
The following is a brief overview of the actions taken and costs incurred from April 2016 to present on behalf of the bondholders of Harkand Finance Inc. in order to preserve the collateral under the bonds, namely the dive support vessels Harkand Atlantis (renamed Nor Atlantis) and Harkand Da Vinci (renamed Nor Da Vinci), referred to herein as the "Vessels".
The following actions taken during the period from April 2016 to present is a summary of projections using estimated running costs for the Vessels as well as several commercial scenarios, and estimates of new money required to fund the operation of the Vessels under these scenarios. Please note that some of the projections are based on cost estimates at prevailing currency exchange rates.
Major Action Items
Among the major actions taken since April 2016:
· Replacement of the directors of Harkand Finance Inc., Harkand Atlantis Inc. and Harkand Da Vinci Inc;
· Retention of Anglo-Eastern Ship Management as the technical managers of the Vessels; · Mobilization of the Vessels from Leith, UK to Gibraltar; · Arrest of the Vessels in Gibraltar; · Employment of TSG Marine as technical advisor ("Dive System Advisor") for the dive systems; · Undertaking of the five-year special survey / drydocking of the Harkand Da Vinci at Gibdock in
Gibraltar and work to maintain the dive systems of both Vessels; · Negotiation of the Settlement Agreement with Deloitte (acting as Administrator of the filed
Harkand entities); · Legal proceedings to enter into a Private Treaty Sale in Gibraltar whereby the Vessels were sold
to SPVs formed by Nordic Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders); · W ork with Anglo-Eastern and TSG Marine to mobilize the Vessels back to the UK and position the
Vessels in the Port of Blyth, where they are being kept in "warm layup", able to be marketed for charter and/or sale; · Establish new corporate structure in place, along with three new directors.
(Note: cost figures below are estimates and cover expenses up to and including October)
Removal of Vesselfrom Leith / Sail to Gibraltar
In late April 2016, A M A Capital Partners ("AMA"), as financial advisors to Nordic Trustee on behalf of the bondholders), along with legal counsel Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP ("CWT") and Advokatfirmaet BA-HR DA ("BAHR"), both as counsel to Nordic Trustee on behalf of the bondholders), as well as Watson Farley & Williams LLP ("WFW"), as maritime counsel to Nordic Trustee on behalf of the bondholders), negotiated with Anglo-Eastern (as technical manager) to sail the Vessels from the Port of Leith in Scotland down to Gibraltar.
The process included the expenditure of approximately USD405,000 in past due port fees and bunkers for the sail to Gibraltar.
Page 3 of 10

CONFIDENTIAL
The movement of the Vessels to Gibraltar (departing on 26 April 2016, arriving on 4 M ay and 5 May) was handled quickly and without incident by Anglo-Eastern.
Agreement with Anglo-Eastern
As Harkand was operating under financial stress, crew wages and other payables were falling past due. In order to ensure the cooperation of the party having physical control of the Vessels (Anglo-Eastern), arrangements were made to cover some of these expenses:

Item Settlement of unpaid outstanding supplier costs

Amount USD 2,250,000

Description To cover past due crew costs as well as a portion of other past due vessel-related payables that had been paid by AngloEastern on behalf of Harkand

Advances paid to Anglo-Eastern

USD 700,000 For vessel operating expenses for the following 30 days

Payment toTSG Marine

Approx. USD 15,000

Consulting services for advanced budgeting work for potential layup for the Vessels

In addition, new ship management agreements were negotiated and signed with Anglo-Eastern on 24 April 2016.

Court Process in Gibraltar
Prior to arrival in Gibraltar, local law firm Triay & Triay was hired to represent the bondholders. Upon arrival in Gibraltar, the Vessels were arrested and procedures were put in place to apply for a sale by private treaty.
The legal and operational costs of keeping the Vessels in Gibraltar during the period of the court proceedings included:

Page 4 of 10

CONFIDENTIAL

Item Admiralty Marshall and Gibraltar Courts

Amount Approx. USD
900,000

Description Expenses and "Poundage" fee charged by the Court for a private treaty sale, based on a percentage of the deemed value of the Vessels

Local Legal Counsel

Approx. USD 137,000

Local counsel to handle the arrest of the Vessels, claims by creditors in the local jurisdiction and court proceedings

Vessel Valuations

Approx. USD 7,000

For use by the Court

Anglo-Eastern

Approx. USD 2,350,000

To cover regular operating expenses for both Vessels for approximately three months (May through July 2016)

Nor Offshore

USD 57,000

Set up of new companies and appointment of new directors

With the formation of a holdco and two new entities to own the Vessels (see below), two directors were appointed to Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. in May 2016 and the two vessel owning subsidiaries in June 2016: Caroline Moore and Michael Pearson of Fund Fiduciary Partners Limited in the Cayman Islands. In September 2016, Kevin O'Hara of A M A Capital Partners LLC was appointed as the third director for all three SPVs. Mr. O'Hara will act in an executive director capacity.

Organizational Chart - Post Private Sale

Stiftelsen NT Refectio (Norway)

NT Refectio XV AS (Norway)

Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd.* (Cayman Islands)

' I lor Offshore Atlantis SPV, '

Ltd.*

;

(Cayman Islands)

v Vessel Owner - Nor Atlantis ,

100S\
* Nor Offshore Da Vinci SPV, Ltd.*
(Cayman Islands) , Vessel Owner - Nor Da Vinci

Page 5 of 10

CONFIDENTIAL

Drydocking

While Harkand took the Nor Atlantis through her first special survey (due by year five of a vessel's life) in early 2016 at Damen Shipyard in The Netherlands, the first special survey for the Nor Da Vinci was due by September 2016. Given that the Vessels were committed to remain in Gibraltar for several months due to Gibraltar procedural requirements (and therefore unable to work), it was decided to undertake the special survey/drydocking at Gibdock in Gibraltar.

Managed by Anglo-Eastern (general drydocking) and TSG Marine (dive system related items), the drydocking covered several items over a period of 29 days:

· Classification and other surveys · Hull cleaning and painting · Lifeboat inspections · Bow thrusters - seal change and inspection · Azimuth thrusters - full overhaul of two thrusters · Five year inspections: 140t crane, 40t crane, provision crane, etc.

Expenses related to the drydocking included:

Item
Drydocking costs / Anglo-Eastern

Budget Amount Approx. USD 2,600,000

Description
Covering yard cost, fuel, additional crew and various drydocking works listed above

Drydocking costs / Dive System Advisor

Approx. USD 400,000

Covering work on the dive systems on the Nor Da Vinci during and after drydocking (recertification), but also includes some work on the Nor Atlantis, such as closing up and preserving systems and doing an inventory of spares for the dive systems on both Vessels

Negotiation of Settlement Agreement with the Administrator
As several of the Harkand entities had filed for Administration in the United Kingdom, an agreement was negotiated and entered into with stakeholders to determine ownership of equipment on board the Vessels and in warehouses in the United Kingdom.
Movement of the Vessels to Blyth
Upon completion of the drydocking of the Nor Da Vinci and the Gibraltar court proceedings, the Vessels were mobilized to the Port of Blyth in United Kingdom, where the Vessels are currently docked.

Page 6 of 10

CONFIDENTIAL

At the Port of Blyth, warehouse space has been procured by the Dive System Advisor in order to store spares and other equipment belonging to the Vessels.

Costs incurred for the move to Blyth, the procurement of warehouse space and the transfer of spares and equipment to Blyth included:

Item Bunkers

.

Amount

Description

USD 91,605 Covering movement of both Vessels to Blyth

Equipment Transfer

USD 65,000

Personnel, loading, transfer and unloading from warehouses in Scotland to Blyth warehouse

Warehouse

USD 10,000 Warehouse setup and first month's rent

Current Marketing Efforts
Marketing efforts are ongoing, encompassing discussions with several different potential counterparties, primarily through vessel brokers. These counterparties vary widely in terms of credit quality and the discussions have included, without limitation, a potential sale of the vessels, long-term bareboat charters and short-term work in the North Sea and elsewhere.
These efforts will continue in the coming months and may also include the hiring a commercial manager, which would handle the marketing the Vessels and the tendering process for short- and long-term contracts. The commercial manager may also provide oversight of aspects of the technical management of the Vessels.

Professional Fees
The work streams outlined above required the assistance of several law firms, including CWT as counsel to the bondholders, BAHRas counsel to NordicTrustee, W FW as maritime counsel, as well as several local firms.
A M A acted as financial advisor throughout the process.

Summary: Historical Expenses (April 2016 - October 2016)
Expense Overview
Below is an overview of expenses incurred from April 2016 to the end of September 2016. Total accrued expenses for Professional Fees (approximately USD 3,100,000) are scheduled to be paid out in November 2016.

Page 7 of 10

Major Items
Costs to A-E / Exit from Leith Professional Fees OPEX, Dive System Maintenance, Warehousing Drydocking and Surveys Gibraltar and other auction related costs Misc (New SPVs, directors, insurances) Total

CONFIDENTIAL
April 2016 October 2016
2,655 57
6,012 2,358
971 254 12,306

Note: Professional fees from April 2016 to October 2016 were limited, as most will be paid in November 2016

Forecasted Expenses (November 2016 - December 2017) and Forecasted Cash Need
Below is a list of costs expected to be incurred through December 2017 with the goal of maintaining the Vessels in an "operational-ready" or "warm stack" status. The goal is to minimize cash outflow while at the same time keeping the Vessels in a state that (a) allows the technical managers to maintain the operational integrity of the Vessels and their dive systems, (b) maintain class certificates, (c) emphasizes safe operations, and (d) presents the Vessels as attractive ready-to-work candidates for potential buyers and/or charterers. All cost figures are estimates and subject to change due to a wide variety of factors.

Page 8 of 10

CONFIDENTIAL

Item Technical Management

Amount USD 10,400,000 USD 740,000 per month (includes both Vessels)

Description Management of the Vessels, including marine crew, catering, fuel and maintenance. Fuel costs may vary as market prices fluctuate

Dive System Advisor

USD 3,200,000 GBP 176,000/ USD 217,000
per month (includes both Vessels) plus one-time expenses

Personnel and expenses for the ongoing maintenance of the dive systems (priced in GBP)

Warehouse

USD 92,000 GBP 175 per day, or approx.
USD 7,000 per month

Monthly warehouse rental (priced in GBP)

Commercial Management

USD 1,000,000 GBP 60,000/U SD 73,000 per month (includes both
Vessels)

Assist with finding short- and long-term charter opportunities for the Vessels and managing the commercial operations during those charters (priced in GBP)

Insurances

USD 750,000 Avg USD 53,000 per month
(includes both Vessels)

Hull & Machinery, War Risk, P&l, ROV, MII/MAP

Corporate & Professional Fees

USD 465,000

Registration fees, director fees, bank fees, legal fees (not including accrued professional fees being paid in November 2016)

Utilizing these cost estimates, several scenarios were developed in order to estimate the amount of funding necessary to operate the vessels from November 2016 through December 2017:

Page 9 of 10

CONFIDENTIAL

Scenario Major Assumptions

Low Base High

· Commercial manager hired in November 2016 · No employment for either Vessel through
December 2017 · No reduction in OPEX from shifting to "cold stack"
and commercial manager unable to find any other cost savings · Commercial manager hired in November 2016 · One Vessel BB chartered at $15,000/day (net) starting in March 2017 · No employment for the other Vessel through December 2017 · Commercial manager hired in November 2016, role reduced after BB charters commence · One Vessel BB chartered at $15,000/day (net) starting in March 2017 · One Vessel BB charter at $20,000/day (net) starting in April 2017 · Retain a budget to have A-E and/or TSG representatives regularly interact with Charterer to ensure Vessels are maintained

Estimated Max. Cash
Need ($15.9)
($7.2)
($5.2)

Page 10 of 10

NORDIC TRUSTEE

Appendix 2 (Term Sheet)

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlis gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

LIQUIDITY BOND TERM SHEET

15 per cent Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. Callable Liquidity Bond Issue 2016/2020 (the "Liquidity Bonds" / the "Liquidity Bond Issue" / and the holders thereof the "Liquidity
Bondholders")

Settlement date: On or about 28 November 2016
This Term Sheet is intending to be non-binding. None of the parties to this Term Sheet will be legally bound or obligated to proceed on any matter contemplated herein unless and until suitable definitive agreements are executed and delivered by their respective authorised representatives.

This Term Sheet is not exhaustive, is solely indicative of the key terms of the proposal set out herein and additional terms and conditions may be included in the definitive legal documentation prepared in connection with the matters contemplated by this Term Sheet.

This Term Sheet is not an offer to issue or sell, or a solicitation or an offer to acquire or purchase, securities in Norway or any other jurisdiction. Such offer or solicitation will only be made in compliance with all applicable securities laws.

Issuer: Bond trustee:

Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd.
Nordic Trustee ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo (the "Liquidity Bond Trustee")

Currency: Aggregate principal issue amount: Purpose of the Bond Issue:
Coupon Rate:

USD
USD 15,000,000
The net proceeds from the Liquidity Bonds (net of legal costs, taxes, fees to the Manager and the Liquidity Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be employed for the purpose of securing recovery for the holders of the 8.40 per cent Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2016/2020 ISIN NO 001076955.7 (the "Existing Bonds" and the holders of the Existing Bonds being the "Existing Bondholders", and the related bond loan agreement and finance documents being the "Existing Bond Agreement" and the "Existing Finance Documents"), for which the Liquidity Bonds Trustee acts as bond trustee (the "Existing Bond Trustee") by funding Eligible Costs (as defined in the Existing Bond Agreement).
15 per cent. p.a. interest calculated on 30/360 basis, payable on a pay-if-you can cash or PIK basis on every Interest Payment Date. Day-count fraction is "30/360", Business Day Convention is "unadjusted" and Business Day is any day on which banks are open for business in Oslo and New York.

Prior to the Interest Payment Date falling on 28 March 2017, all

#6756577/1

interest shall be capitalised and paid in PIK in the form of additional Liquidity Bonds.
On and after the Interest Payment Date falling on 28 March 2017, if on any such Interest Payment Date, payment of cash interest by the Issuer would result in the total amount on the Debt Service Account being less than USD 10,000,000, the interest (rounded down to the nearest USD) shall be capitalised and paid in PIK in the form of additional Liquidity Bonds.

Cash Sweep:
Debt Service Account: Settlement Date: Final Maturity Date: Interest Payment Date: Repayment: Change of Control-
Mandatory Prepayment:

If on any Interest Payment Date on or following 28 March 2017, amounts exceeding USD 10,500,000 remains or will remain on the Debt Service Account following payment of cash interest on the Liquidity Bonds, the Issuer shall transfer from the Debt Service Account any amount exceeding USD 10,000,000 towards repayment of the Liquidity Bonds at a price of 100% of par value plus accrued interest (pro rata and in accordance with procedures of the securities depository).
Means the Debt Service Account as defined in the Existing Bond Agreement.
On or about 28 November 2016
Notice to be given to subscribers a minimum of two (2) Business Days prior to the Settlement Date (on which date the net proceeds of the Liquidity Bond Issue shall be made available to the Issuer).
28 January 2020 or, if the Issuer elects to extend the maturity date of the Existing Bonds pursuant to the Existing Bond Agreement, such date falling one week prior to the final maturity of the Existing Bonds.
Means 28 March, 28 June, 28 September and 28 December each year and the Final Maturity Date.
The Liquidity Bonds shall be repaid on the Final Maturity Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
Upon a Change of Control (as defined in the Existing Bond Agreement) occurring, each Liquidity Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (Put Option) of the Liquidity Bonds at a price of 100% of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 days following the notice of a Change of Control Event.
Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event or a Total Loss Event (each as defined in the Existing Bond Agreement) being triggered or exercised under the Existing Bond Agreement, the Liquidity Bonds shall be prepaid at a price of 100% of par value plus accrued interest in

#6756577/1

Call Option:
Price: Nominal value: Minimum Subscription: Status of the Bonds:

accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
The Liquidity Bonds may be repaid (in whole or in part) as follows:
(a) From and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Interest Payment Date falling on 28 December 2017 at 102% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount; and
(b) From and including the Interest Payment Date falling 28 December 2017 to but excluding the Maturity Date at 101% of par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
100 % of par value.
The Liquidity Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 1.
Minimum subscription amount shall be USD 120,000 (or the USD equivalent of EUR 100,000, whichever is greater).
See Participation and Terms of Subscription for further information.
The Liquidity Bonds shall be subject to a de facto super priority ranking over the Existing Bonds, through an intercreditor agreement to be entered into between the Existing Bond Trustee and the Liquidity Bond Trustee (the "ICA").
The ICA will provide that amounts available for payments under the Existing Bonds and the Liquidity Bonds shall be applied (i) first to meet the fees, costs and expenses of the Existing Bond Trustee and Liquidity Bond Trustee; (ii) second in repayment of amounts outstanding under the Liquidity Bond Agreement so that all Liquidity Bonds and outstanding amounts under the Liquidity Bond Agreement shall be redeemed in full prior to any payments being made to the Existing Bondholders under the Existing Bond Agreement (the "Super Priority"); and (iii) third in repayment of amounts outstanding under the Existing Bond Agreement.
The ICA will further provide for a right, subject to 270 days standstill period, to, following (i) an Event of Default which is continuing and (ii) acceleration of the Liquidity Bonds, instruct the Existing Bond Trustee to take enforcement actions permitted in respect of the Existing Bonds security, subject to certain conditions.
The Super Priority will apply only to the initial USD [15,000,000], meaning that an Existing Bondholder resolution will be needed for the Turnover mechanism to apply to any new Liquidity Bonds (excluding any additional Liquidity Bonds issued pursuant to the PIK interest).
For the avoidance of doubt, once all amounts outstanding under the

#6756577/1

Limited Recourse: Security: Disbursement: Representations and warranties:
Conditions Precedent:

Liquidity Bond Agreement are settled, any balance realised with respect to the Existing Bonds will be applied in discharge or repayment of the Existing Bonds in accordance with the Existing Bond Agreement. The Liquidity Bonds will be issued on a limited-recourse basis. The Liquidity Bondholders' recourse against the Issuer and the providers of security for the Existing Bonds shall be limited to the net value of the vessels, cash balances on any bank accounts, any agreements relating to the vessels, and any other equity.
The Liquidity Bonds shall be unsecured, however subject to the Super Priority.
The net proceeds from the Liquidity Bonds shall be disbursed to the Issuer on the Settlement Date.
(a) Status
(b) Power and authority
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
(e) No Event of Default
(f) Authorizations and consents
(g) No litigation
(h) No misleading information
(i) No withholdings
(a) The Liquidity Bond Agreement duly executed
(b) An agreement between the Liquidity Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees duly executed
(c) The ICA duly executed
(d) Copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to execute the finance documents
(e) Legal opinions in respect of the Liquidity Bond Agreement in form an substance satisfactory to the Liquidity Bond Trustee
(f) A bondholders' meeting or written resolution of the Existing Bondholders held in order to approve the

#6756577/1

terms of this Term Sheet and Existing Bondholder representing at least 2/3 of the Existing Bonds having approved the resolution

(g) Any other documents as reasonably required by the Liquidity Bond Trustee.

Information, Financial and General Covenants:

No Financial Covenants or General Covenants. Limited information and bank account covenants.

Event of Defaults:

Limited Events of Default, such as the occurrence of non-payment (subject to 10 Business Days remedy period), insolvency or debt settlement proceedings in respect of the Issuer or breach of any of the covenants given by the Issuer in the Liquidity Bond Agreement (subject to 10 Business Days remedy period). Cross acceleration in respect of the Existing Bond Agreement.

Liquidity Bond Agreement:

The bond agreement constituting the Liquidity Bonds (the "Liquidity Bond Agreement") will be entered into by the Issuer and the Liquidity Bond Trustee (acting as the Liquidity Bondholders' representative).

The Liquidity Bond Agreement shall regulate the Liquidity Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Liquidity Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Liquidity Bond Agreement, the Liquidity Bond Agreement shall prevail.

Governing Law:

Norwegian law.

Receiving Agent:

DNB Markets - DNB Bank ASA

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with issuance of the Liquidity Bonds ancillary documents, but not in respect of trading of the Liquidity Bonds in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and the Issuer shall deduct before payment to the Liquidity Bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

Registration:

The Liquidity Bonds will be registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (No.: Verdipapirsentralen)

Paying Agent:

DNB Bank ASA

Stock Exchange listing:

An application will not be made for the Liquidity Bonds to be listed.

Participation:

Each Existing Bondholder shall be entitled to subscribe for Liquidity Bonds on a pro rata basis, based on the proportion that their holdings of principal amount of the Existing Bonds bear to the aggregate principal amount outstanding of all the Existing Bonds (in each case, its "Pro Rata Proportion"). The Pro Rata Proportion shall be

#6756577/1

Terms of Subscription:

calculated with reference to the date falling three (3) Business Days after the date of the summons issued under the Existing Bonds to which this Term Sheet is attached (the "Record Date").
Each Existing Bondholder shall be entitled to apply to purchase Liquidity Bonds in the minimum amount of USD 120,000 (or the USD equivalent of EUR 100,000, whichever is greater), and in the maximum amount of its Pro Rata Proportion. Notwithstanding the above and regardless of its Pro Rata Proportion, each Existing Bondholder may purchase Liquidity Bonds in the amount of USD 120,000 (or the USD equivalent of EUR 100,000, whichever is greater).
The Receiving Agent shall, in consultation with the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, have the discretion in deciding the allocation of the Liquidity Bonds to the Bondholders who subscribe for a portion of the New Bonds above their Pro Rata Proportion. The Receiving Agent shall take into account the following considerations in determining such distributions:
(a) primarily, the relative amounts of Bonds held by those Bondholders; and
(b) secondarily, the relative amounts of Liquidity Bonds that those Bondholders have subscribed for above their Pro Rata Proportion.
Any Existing Bondholder that wishes to purchase Liquidity Bonds should contact the Receiving Agent by 21 November 2016 and subscribe for Liquidity Bonds in accordance with "Terms of Subscription" below. Payment for such Liquidity Bonds will be due within five (5) business days after the end of the subscription and allocation period.
Each subscriber of the Liquidity Bonds specifically authorizes the Liquidity Bond Trustee to execute and deliver the Liquidity Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders, who will execute and deliver application forms for subscription within the subscription period prior to receiving Liquidity Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee will execute and deliver the Liquidity Bond Agreement. The Liquidity Bond Agreement specifies that by virtue of being registered as an Liquidity Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Central Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Liquidity Bond Agreement and finance document entered into in connection with the Liquidity Bond Agreement, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
The Liquidity Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Liquidity Bonds, be obtained on request by the Bond Trustee or the Issuer.

#6756577/1

Subscription Restrictions: Transfer Restrictions:

The Liquidity Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state, and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. Accordingly, the Liquidity Bonds will be offered and sold only to (i) "qualified institutional buyers" (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act) in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act; or (ii) nonU.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act.
The Liquidity Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged, subject to the following:

(i)

Liquidity Bondholders may be subject to purchase or

transfer restrictions with regard to the Liquidity Bonds, as

applicable from time to time under local laws to which an

Liquidity Bondholder may be subject (due, for example, to

its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its

place(s) for doing business) and each Liquidity Bondholder

must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations

applicable at own cost and expense. As the Liquidity Bonds

will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the

securities laws of any state, the Liquidity Bonds may not be

offered sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, encumbered

or otherwise disposed of in the absence of such registration

or unless such transaction is exempt from, or not subject to

the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act.

(i)

notwithstanding the above, an Liquidity Bondholder which

has purchased the Liquidity Bonds in contravention of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilise

its voting rights under the Liquidity Bond Agreement.

#6756577/1

NORDIC TRUSTEE

Appendix 3 {Draft Intercreditor Agreement)

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT

dated [·] November 2016

between

Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd as the Issuer

and

Nordic Trustee ASA

in its capacity as bond trustee under

.

the 8.40 per cent. Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. Callable Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2016/2020

and

Nordic Trustee ASA in its capacity as bond trustee under

the 15.00 per cent. Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. Super Senior Callable Bond Issue 2016/2020

#6756580/1

THIS INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT is dated [·] November 2016 and made between:

(1)

Nordic Trustee ASA on behalf of itself and the Original Bondholders under the Original Bond

Agreement (the "Original Bond Trustee");

(2)

Nordic Trustee ASA on behalf of itself and the New Bondholders under the New Bond

Agreement (the "New Bond Trustee"); and

(3)

Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. (the "Issuer").

WHEREAS:

(A)

Pursuant to the Original Bond Agreement, the Issuer agreed to issue the Original Bonds to

the Original Bondholders, subject to the terms and conditions set out therein.

(B)

Pursuant to a written resolution of the bondholders resolved on [·] November 2016 in

respect of the Original Bonds (the "[·] November Bondholders' Resolution"), the issuance

of the New Bonds and the terms of this Intercreditor Agreement were approved by the

requisite majority of the Original Bondholders.

(C)

Pursuant to the New Bond Agreement, the Issuer agreed to issue the New Bonds to the New

Bondholders, subject to the terms and conditions set out therein and in this Intercreditor

Agreement.

(D) The Parties have agreed to enter into this Intercreditor Agreement in order to regulate certain rights and obligations of the Original Bond Trustee and the Original Bondholders and the New Bond Trustee and the New Bondholders as between themselves.

NOW THEREFORE IT IS AGREED as follows:

1.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

In this Agreement the following definitions shall apply:

"Liabilities" means all present and future liabilities and obligations at any time of the Issuer and the Obligors under the New Finance Documents or the Original Finance Documents.

"New Bond Agreement" means the bond agreement dated on or about the date of this Intercreditor Agreement, entered into between the Issuer and the New Bond Trustee pursuant to which the New Bonds were issued.

"New Bond Discharge Date" means the date on which all New Bond Obligations have been fully and finally discharged to the satisfaction of the New Bond Trustee, whether or not as a result of enforcement.

"New Bondholders" means the holders of the New Bonds from time to time.

"New Bond Obligations" means the Issuer's obligations and liabilities under the New Finance Documents to pay principal, interest, default interest and premium in respect of the New Bonds.

#6756580/1

1 (6)

"New Bonds" means the 15.00 per cent. Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. Super Senior Callable Bond Issue 2016/2020 issued by the Issuer pursuant to the New Bond Agreement.

"New Finance Documents" has the meaning given to the term "Finance Documents" in the New Bond Agreement.

"Obligors" has the meaning given to the term "Obligors" in the Existing Bond Agreement.

"Original Bond Agreement" means the bond agreement dated 28 July 2016, entered into between, inter alia, the Issuer and the Original Bond Trustee pursuant to which the Existing Bonds were issued.

"Original Bondholders" means the holders of the Original Bonds from time to time.

"Original Bond Obligations" means the Issuer's and the Obligors' obligations and liabilities under the Original Finance Documents to pay principal, interest, default interest and premium in respect of the Existing Bonds.

"Original Bonds" means the 8.40 per cent. Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2017/2020, ISIN: NO 001 076955.7 issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Original Bond Agreement.

"Original Finance Documents" has the meaning given to the term "Finance Documents" in the Original Bond Agreement.

"Original Finance Parties" means the Original Bond Trustee and the Original Bondholders.

"Original Security Interests" has the meaning given to the term "Security Interest" as defined in the Original Bond Agreement, including but not limited to the Existing Vessel Mortgage.

"Payment" means, in respect of any Liabilities (or any other liabilities or obligations), a payment, prepayment, repayment, redemption, defeasance or discharge of those Liabilities (or other liabilities or obligations), excluding any PIK payments in the form of additional bonds.

"Parties" means the parties to this Intercreditor Agreement.

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement.

2.

AGREED PRINCIPLES

2.1

Any Payment shall be applied, to the extent permitted by applicable law, in the following

order of priority:

(a) firstly, in or towards payment of all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred by either of the Original Bond Trustee and the New Bond Trustee and their respective advisers under or in connection with the New Bonds and/or the Original Bonds on a pari passu and pro rata basis;

#6756580/1

2 (6)

(b) secondly, in payment or distribution to the New Bond Trustee on its own behalf and on behalf of the New Bondholders for application (in accordance with the terms of the New Finance Documents) towards the discharge of the New Bond Obligations;

(c) thirdly, in payment or distribution to the Original Bond Trustee on its own behalf and on behalf of the Original Bondholders for application (in accordance with the terms of the Original Finance Documents) towards the discharge of the Original Bond Obligations.

2.2 Each of the Issuer, the Original Bond Trustee and the New Bond Trustee shall apply, or facilitate the application of, any Payments in accordance with the waterfall set out in Clause 2.1.

3.

NEW FINANCE PARTIES UNDERTAKINGS AND ACTIONS

3.1

The Issuer may make any Payment of the New Bond Obligations at any time in accordance

with the New Finance Documents.

3.2 Subject to Clause 3.3, the New Finance Parties may amend or waive in writing the terms of the New Finance Documents in accordance with their terms (and subject to any consent or formality required under them) at any time.

3.3 Without the prior consent of the Original Bond Trustee, the New Finance Parties may not amend or waive any of the terms of the New Finance Documents if the amendment or waiver is, in relation to the original form of the New Finance Documents, an amendment or waiver:

(a) which would result in the aggregate principal amount of New Bonds (other than additional New Bonds issued as a result of the accrual of PIK (payment in kind)) issued after the date of this Intercreditor Agreement exceeding USD 15,000,000;

(b) which constitutes an increase in the interest, or the basis of accrual of additional interest, fees or commission relating to the New Bonds; or

(c) the effect of which is to make the New Bond Issuer liable to make additional or increased payments.

3.4 The New Finance Parties may take, accept or receive the benefit of any new security interest in respect of the New Bonds, and the Original Finance Parties agree to such additional security.

3.5

Following an event of default under the New Finance Documents, the New Finance Parties

may not take any legal action against the Issuer or other parties having issued security

(hereunder but not limited to declare a bankruptcy of the Issuer or other parties having

issued security) or any action to enforce any claim or seek to exercise any of its rights and

powers of enforcement under the New Finance Documents or Clause 4.4 of this

Intercreditor Agreement for a period for 270 days (from the date the Original Bond Trustee

has received written notice of such event of default from the New Bond Trustee), unless an

event of default has occurred under clauses 15.1 (d) and 15.1 (e) of the New Bond

Agreement or unless the Original Bond Trustee has taken similar action under the Original

Finance Documents.

#6756580/1

3 (6)

4.

ORIGINAL FINANCE PARTIES UNDERTAKINGS AND ACTIONS

4.1

The Original Finance Parties shall not amend or waive the terms of the Original Finance

Documents without the prior written consent of the New Bond Trustee unless such

amendment or waiver would not adversely impact recoveries under the Original Bonds.

4.2 The Original Finance Parties shall not release the Original Security Interests without the prior written consent of the New Bond Trustee.

4.3 The Original Bond Trustee shall not take any action to impair the likelihood of recoveries under the Original Bonds without the prior written consent of the New Bond Trustee.

4.4

If (a) an event of default has occurred and is continuing under both the New Finance

Documents and the Original Finance Documents; (b) (if applicable) the period set out in

Clause 3.5 above has expired; (c) the Original Bond Trustee, on behalf of the Original

Finance Parties is not diligently pursuing an enforcement action with respect to all or a

material portion of the Original Bond Obligations; and (d) the New Bond Trustee has, in

accordance with the New Bond Agreement, declared the New Bonds to be in default and

due for immediate payment, the New Bond Trustee may, acting on behalf of a requisite

majority of the New Finance Parties, instruct the Original Bond Trustee to take any

enforcement action permitted under the Original Finance Documents against the Issuer or

other parties having issued security under the Original Finance Documents, and the Original

Finance Parties agrees to be bound by such instructions. The rights of the New Bond

Trustee pursuant to clause 14 of the New Bond Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to

the Original Bond Trustee in relation to any enforcement action instructed by the New

Bond Trustee.

5.

TURNOVER

5.1

If at any time prior to the New Bond Discharge Date any Original Finance Party receives or

recovers:

(a) any Payment or distribution of, or on account of or in relation to, any of the Original Bond Obligations or any proceeds of any enforcement of any Original Security Interests which in each case is not made in accordance with the priority set out in Clause 2.1; and/or

(b) any amount by way of set-off in respect of any of the Original Bond Obligations owed to it,

that Original Finance Party will:

(c) in relation to receipts and recoveries not received or recovered by way of set-off, hold an amount equal to that receipt or recovery on trust on behalf of the New Bond Trustee and promptly pay or distribute that amount to the New Bond Trustee for application in accordance with the terms of this Intercreditor Agreement; and

(d) in relation to receipts and recoveries received or recovered by way of set-off, promptly pay an amount equal to that receipt or recovery to the New Bond Trustee for application in accordance with the terms of this Intercreditor Agreement (the "Turnover Obligation").

#6756580/1

4 (6)

5.2 The Hew Bond Trustee will apply the amounts turned over to it pursuant to Clause 5.1 for application, to the extent permitted by applicable law, in the order of priority set out in Clause 2.1.

5.3 Neither the New Bond Trustee nor the Original Bond Trustee shall have any responsibility for collecting repayable amounts pursuant to a Turnover Obligation or for failure by any Original Bondholders to repay any amounts due under a Turnover Obligation.

6.

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

Amendments to this Intercreditor Agreement may be made with the consent of the Original Bond Trustee (acting on either (i) the written instructions of the holders of at least 2/3 of the Existing Bonds or (ii) the instructions given in a bondholders' meeting of the Existing Bonds by at least 2/3 of the voting bondholders present at the meeting) and the New Bond Trustee (acting on either (i) the written instructions of the holders of at least 2/3 of the New Bonds or (ii) the instructions given in a bondholders' meeting of the New Bonds by at least 2/3 of the voting bondholders present at the meeting).

7.

NOTICES

All notices or other communications under this Intercreditor Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be duly given or made and received when delivered (in the case of personal delivery or letter) and when despatched (in the case of facsimile or other electronic communication) to such party addresses appearing at the beginning of this Intercreditor Agreement (or to such address as such party may hereafter notify to the other).

8.

SEVERABILITY

Each of the provisions in this Agreement are severable and distinct from the others, and if at any time one or more of such provisions is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Intercreditor Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

9.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

(a) This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law.

(b) The courts of Norway shall have exclusive jurisdiction over matters arising of or in connection with this Agreement. The Oslo District Court shall be court of first instance.

(c) The submission to the jurisdiction of Norwegian courts shall not limit the right of a creditor to take proceedings against any obligor under the Original Finance Documents or the New Finance Documents in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction of such obligor or any of its assets.

#6756580/1

5 (6)

The Original Bond Trustee:
By: _ Name: Title: The Issuer:
By: _ Name: Title:

SIGNATORIES: New Bond Trustee:
By: _ Name: Title:

#6756580/1

6 (6)

NORDIC TRUSTEE
Appendix 4 (U.S. investor representation letter)
The applicant hereby represents and warrants that it
i. is a "qualified institutional buyer" ("QIB") as defined under Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act and is a sophisticated investor and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Liquidity Bonds and able to bear the economic risks of such an investment, including the loss of its entire investment;
ii. is aware that the Liquidity Bonds are being offered and sold to the applicant in reliance on applicable exemptions from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act for non-public offerings;
iii. is acquiring the Liquidity Bonds for its own account or for the account of a QIB with respect to which the applicant exercises investment discretion for investment purposes;
iv. understands that the Liquidity Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and will be "restricted securities" (as defined in Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act) and that such Liquidity Bonds may not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred, except (A) outside the United States in an offshore transaction, as defined in, and meeting the requirements of, Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act, (B) to a person who the applicant reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (C) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available) or otherwise, or (D) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the U.S. Securities Act, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction;
v. agrees that so long as the Liquidity Bonds are "restricted securities" as defined in Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act, it shall notify each transferee of Liquidity Bonds from it that (a) such Liquidity Bonds have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act; (b) such Liquidity Bonds are subject to the restrictions on the resale or other transfer thereof described above; (c) such transferee shall be deemed to have represented (i) as to its status as a subscriber acquiring the Liquidity Bonds in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act or in a transaction that does not require registration under the U.S. Securities Act or any applicable laws of the states of the United States and (ii) that such transferee is not an "underwriter" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(l 1) of the U.S. Securities Act; and (d) such transferee shall be deemed to have agreed to notify its subsequent transferees as to the foregoing;
vi. has had access to and has received such financial and other information regarding the Issuer and the Liquidity Bonds as the applicant deems necessary in order to make its investment decision to purchase the Liquidity Bonds. If the applicant has had any questions regarding the Issuer or the Liquidity Bonds, the applicant has asked these questions and has received satisfactory answers from representatives of the Issuer. The applicant has not relied on representations, warranties, opinions, projections, financial or other information or analysis, if any, supplied to it by any person other than the Issuer or any of its affiliates;
vii. has relied upon its own tax, legal and financial advisers in connection with its decision to purchase Liquidity Bonds and believes that an investment in the Liquidity Bonds is suitable for the applicant based upon the applicant's investment objectives, financial needs and personal contingencies; the applicant has no need for liquidity of investment with respect to the Liquidity Bonds;
viii. is acquiring the Liquidity Bonds for investment purposes only and not with a view to or for the purposes of resale, distribution or fractionalization, in whole or in part, thereof in violation of the U.S. securities laws. The applicant has no agreement, understanding or intention to distribute, resell, pledge or otherwise

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

NORDIC TRUSTEE
transfer the Liquidity Bonds or any part thereof, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to any U.S. persons;
ix. acknowledges that it has not purchased the Liquidity Bonds as a result of any form of general solicitation or general advertising, including advertisements, articles, notices or other communications published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over radio or television, or any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by general solicitation or general advertising.

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

NORDIC TRUSTEE
Appendix 5 (Redline o f amended and restated Bond Agreement)

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrusteé.com

ISIN NO 001 076955.7
AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT between
Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. (Issuer)
Nor Offshore Atlantis SPV, Ltd. (as Vessel Owner 1 and Guarantor) Nor Offshore Da Vinci SPV, Ltd. (as Vessel Owner 2 and Guarantor)
and Nordic Trustee ASA
(Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 8.40 per cent Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2016/2020

| #6604464/46756578/1

0 (46)

Clause

CONTENTS

Page

1. INTERPRETATION.........................................................................................2 2. THE BONDS........................................................................................... 4412 3. LISTING.................................................................................................. 13 4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY.................................................... 13 5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS ............................................................. 44JJ 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT............................................................................ 4414 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES................................................................ 15 8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY.............................................................. 17 9. INTEREST................................................................................................ 18 10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION.........................................................19 11. PAYMENTS............................................................................................... 21 12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS.................................................................. 4222 13. COVENANTS.......................................................................................... 4222 14. FEES AND EXPENSES....................................................................................29 15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT....................................................................................30 16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING.............................................................................. 33 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE ....................................................................................37 18. MISCELLANEOUS......................................................................................494Q

# 4 6 0 4 4 4 W 6756578/1

1 (46)

This agreement has originally been entered into on ------ 28 July 2016 land later amended and restated on f«l November 20161 between:

(1)

Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. (an exempted company incorporated and existing under the laws of

Cayman Islands with its registered office at Boundary Hall, 2nd Floor, Cricket Square, PO

Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands and registration number CT-311039,

100% owned by the Parent) as issuer (the "Issuer"); and

(2)

Nor Offshore Atlantis SPV, Ltd. (an exempted company incorporated and existing under

the laws of Cayman Islands with its registered office at Boundary Hall, 2nd Floor, Cricket

Square, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands and registration number CT

312535, 100% owned by the Issuer), as the owner of Atlantis and Guarantor, (the "Vessel

Owner 1");

(3)

Nor Offshore Da Vinci SPV, Ltd. (an exempted company incorporated and existing under

the laws of Cayman Islands with its registered office at Boundary Hall, 2nd Floor, Cricket

Square, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands and registration number CT

312510, 100% owned by the Issuer), as the owner of Da Vinci and Guarantor, (the "Vessel

Owner 2"); and

(4)

Nordic Trustee ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Additional Bonds" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 9.6.

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a Holding Company of that person or any other Subsidiary of that Holding Company.

"Approved Shipbrokers" means any of the following:

(a) Clarksons;

(b) Barry Rogliano Salles;

(c) Derrick Offshore;

(d) EA Gibson;

(e) Fearnleys Offshore AS;

(f) RS Platou Shipbrokers AS;

(g) UNO Offshore AS;

(h) Lorentzen a Stemoco;

| #640446444-6756578/1

2 (4 6 )

( i ) Pareto;
(j) Offshore Shlpbrokers Ltd.; or
(k) Any other sale and purchase shipbroker with knowledge of the market appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee.
"Assignment of Charter Contracts" means, to the extent permitted under applicable law and the terms of the relevant Charter Contract, an assignment by the Vessel Owners (and/or the Related Charterer, if applicable) of their rights under the Charter Contracts (if any), including notices of, consents to (if required thereunder) and acknowledgements of such assignments from the Client.
"Assignment of Insurances" means an assignment by the Vessel Owners of their rights in respect of any insurances taken out in respect of any of the Vessels from time to time (other than third party liability insurances), governed by English law, including notices of assignments and loss payable clause to the insurers.
"Assignment of Internal Loans" means a pledge or an assignment (or such similar security under the relevant jurisdiction) granted by the Issuer in respect of the Internal Loans (present and future), governed by English law, including notices and acknowledgements of such assignments.
"Assignment of Management Agreements" means an assignment of any rights of the Vessel Owners under the Management Agreements, such assignment to include (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default, and any payments under the Management Agreements shall be subordinated to the Bonds, however so that management fees that are not overdue may be payable to the Vessel Manager on a monthly basis, and the Vessel Owners shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that the Vessel Manager provides necessary or requested consents and acknowledgements to such assignment and provisions.
"Assignment of Vessel Owner Receivables" means assignments granted by the Vessel Owners in respect of the Vessel Owner Receivables (present and future) governed by English law, including notices and acknowledgements of such assignments.
"Atlantis" means the vessel named "Harkand Atlantis" (to be renamed "Nor Atlantis"), a Marshall Islands flagged diving support vessel with IMO number 9441221, which will be 100% directly owned by Vessel Owner 1.
"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bank Accounts" means the Issuer Accounts Account and the Vessel Owners' Accounts.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.

# 6 6 0 4 4 64-/ 4-6 7 5 6 5 7 8 / 1

3 (46)

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Additional Bonds.
"Business Day" means any day when banks in Oslo and New York are open for general business, and when banks in Oslo and New York can settle foreign currency transactions.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustm ents o f Business Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2 (Call Option).
"Change of Control Event" means if the Parent ceases to own 100% of the issued share capital of the Issuer or otherwise ceases control 100% of the voting rights attached to the shares of the Issuer.
"Charter Contract" means any contract where a Vessel is utilised and performing services, including any bareboat or time charter contract, any other charter contract and any service contract(s), entered or to be entered into between a Vessel Owner and a Client or, if approved by the Bond Trustee, between a Related Charterer and a Client from time to time.
"Charter Contract Assignment" means an assignment of the rights (including step-in rights) of the relevant Vessel Owner or, as the case may be, any Related Charterer under any Charter Contract (including all earnings payable and security granted by the Client thereunder), and the relevant Vessel Owner or, as the case may be, any Related Charterer shall give notices and seek to obtain consents (if required thereunder) and acknowledgements of such assignments from the relevant Client, such assignment to be provided only to the extent permitted by applicable law and the terms of the relevant Charter Contract.
"Charter Free Market Value of the Vessels" means the sum of the fair market value of each of the Vessels in USD determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of each of the relevant Vessels obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for such Vessels appointed by the Issuer and being selected from the list of Approved Shipbrokers. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment.
"Client" means a party to a Charter Contract which is a third party and not an Affiliate of the Group.
"Da Vinci" means the vessel named "Harkand Da Vinci" (to be renamed "Nor Da Vinci"), a Marshall Islands flagged diving support vessel with IMO number 9441233, which will be 100% directly owned by Vessel Owner 2.

#66044 6 1 / 4 6756578/1

4 (46)

"Debt Service Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer opened in accordance with and for the purpose of Clause 13.7(b13.6(a).
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 18.2.
"Eligible Costs" means fees, costs and expenses relating to:
(a) remuneration arrangements for the director(s) of the Issuer and the Vessel Owners;
(b) legal and financial advisors of the Bond Trustee;
(c) management and crewing of the Vessels;
(d) operation and chartering of the Vessels and to use funds to achieve the same;
(e) appraisers, brokers or advisors regarding sale, operation/chartering, appraisal, lay up or stacking of the Vessels;
(f) sale, lay-up or stacking of the Vessels; and
(g) payment of fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of the Bond Trustee in connection with the Existing Finance Documents or the Finance Documents;
(h) all other payments, costs, fees and expenses that, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, are necessary for the purpose of achieving recovery for the Bondholders; and
(i) other running expenses of the Issuer and the Vessel Owners.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market (including Oslo Stock Exchange).
"Existing Bond Agreement" means the bond agreement for the Existing Bond Issue.
"Existing Bond Issue" means the "7.50 per cent Harkand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019", ISIN NO 001 070820.9.

#6604464746756578/1

5 (46)

"Existing Bond Trustee" means Nordic Trustee ASA as bond trustee for the Existing Bond Issue.
"Existing Bonds" means the bonds issued under the Existing Bond Issue, such bonds to be partially written down in connection with the issuance of the Bonds and thereafter transferred to the Issuer to ensure that the Issuer has a limited recourse claim against Harkand Finance Inc., in accordance with the Memorandum of Agreement.
"Existing Finance Documents" means the Finance Documents as defined in the Existing Bond Agreement.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each Bond, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any Quiet Enjoyment Letter, (v) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents and (vi) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility);
(b) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP;
(f) any liability under a deferred purchase agreement where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions, (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);
(h) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money;

#6604464446756578/1

6 (46)

(i) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of any underlying liability; and
(j) (without double counting), the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (i) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"Floating Charge" means, to the extent permitted by law, a floating charge (to be included in a debenture or in a separate Security Document) over all the assets of the Issuer and the Vessel Owners (present and future), governed by English law.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and all its Subsidiaries (present and future), and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Guarantees" means the unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantees on a joint and several basis from the Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses.
"Guarantors" means, on a joint and several basis, the Vessel Owners.
"Holding Company" means a company which is defined as the parent company following the principles of the Norwegian Public Companies Act of 1997 No. 45 § 1-3.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement entered into on or about M November 2016 between the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the New Bond Trustee (on behalf of the New Bondholders!.
"Interest Payment Date" means 28 March, 28 June, 28 September and 28 December each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP, and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"Internal Loans" means any loan from the Issuer to any of the Vessel Owners (if applicable), all being subject to an Internal Loan Agreement.
7 (46)

"Internal Loan Agreement" means a loan agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), stipulating, inter alia, (i) that the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) may require the Internal Loans to be repaid immediately and in full upon acceleration of the Bonds following an Event of Default, (ii) bear interest at least equal to the cash interest rate set out in Clause 9 and which may be accumulated to the principal, and (iii) be repaid by the Vessel Owners on a pay if you can basis in accordance with Clause 13.6(a)(ii13.5(a).
"Instalment Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Clause 13.6(-a13.5(bWi).
"Issuer AccountsAccount" means the Debt Service Account and the Liquidity Account.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means the date the Bonds are issued, expected to be on or about 29 July 2016.
"Issue Date Cash" means the cash transferred to the Issuer on or about the Issue Date in accordance with the Memorandum of Agreement.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"LIBOR" means the London interbank offered rate administered by the British Bankers' Association (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant currency and period displayed on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen (or any replacement Reuters page which displays that rate) on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Reuters, for USD and for a period of 3 months, and if the rate is less than zero, LIBOR shall be deemed to be zero.
"Management Agreement" means any agreement for the operational, technical and commercial management of each of the Vessels, such management agreement to be entered into between the Vessel Manager as the manager and the relevant Vessel Owners.
"Manager" means DNB Bank ASA.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means:
(a) except if it constitutes a Total Loss Event, the proceeds of a sale or other disposal of any of Vessels are distributed; or
(b) the Issuer ceases to own 100% of the issued share capital of any Vessel Owner or otherwise ceases control 100% of the voting rights attached to the shares of any Vessel Owner.

#46044404-6756578/1

8 (46)

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the financial condition or operations of any of the Obligors, (b) any Obligor's ability to perform or comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents, (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 3^i-vears4iwM-T4ysus^4e44-4 February 2020 or such later date as elected by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 2.2. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Memorandum of Agreement" means the memorandum of agreement entered into between (amongst others) the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, the Existing Bond Trustee and Harkand Finance Inc. and relating to (i) the delivery of the Vessels to the Issuer, (ii) transfer of the Issue Date Cash to the Issuer, (iii) the issuance of the Bonds to the Bondholders and (iv) the assumption by the Issuer of all of Harkand Finance Inc.'s obligations under the Existing Finance Documents in respect of fees and expenses of the Existing Bond Trustee.
"Mortgage" means the cross-collateralised mortgages over the Vessels, including all equipment being legally part of it under Marshall Island law, and deed of covenants, governed by Marshall Island law.
"New Bond Agreement" means the bond agreement entered into between the Issuer and the New Bond Trustee on or about i«1 November 2016 pursuant to which the New Bonds were issued.
"New Bond Discharge Date" means the date on which all New Bond Obligations have been fully and finally discharged to the satisfaction of the New Bond Trustee, whether or not as a result of enforcement.
"New Bond Obligations'' means the Issuer's obligations and liabilities under the New Finance Documents to pav principal, interest, default interest and premium in respect of the New Bonds.
"New Bonds" means the 15.00 per cent. Nor Offshore SPV. Ltd. Super Senior Secured Bond Issue 2016/2020 issued bv the Issuer pursuant to the New Bond Agreement.
"New Bond Trustee" means the bond trustee for the New Bonds.
"New Finance Documents" has the meaning given to the term "Finance Documents" in the New Bond Agreement.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and the Guarantors.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Parent" means NT Refectio XV AS, a limited liability company incorporated in Norway with organisation no. 916 538 073.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Faying Agent" means DNB Bank ASA, in its capacity as the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Security Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"PIK Interest" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 9.5.
"Pre-Disbursement Account Pledges" means the fixed charge over the Issuer's and the Vessel Owners' (as applicable) claims against the relevant account bank for the amounts from time to time standing to the credit in the Issuer Accounts and the Vessel Owners^ Earnings-Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Project Documents" means:
(a) Any Internal Loan Agreement(s);
(b) any Management Agreement(s); and
(c) any Charter Contract.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quiet Enjoyment Letter" means a quiet enjoyment letter issued by the Bond Trustee if so required by the Client as a condition for consenting to an Assignment of Charter Contract.
"Related Charterer" means a counterparty to a Charter Contract which is an affiliate of the Issuer.
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Departments of State or Commerce or any other US government authority, including under the Iran Sanctions Act (as amended and as may be amended from time to time), or by the United Nations Security Council ("UNSC"), the European Union ("EU"), Her Majesty's Treasury ("HMT") or Norwegian sanctions authority.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means:

| #6604461-/46756578/1

10 (46)

(a) the Assignment of Charter Contracts (if any);
(b) the Assignment of Insurances;
(c) the Assignment of Internal Loans;
(d) the Assignment of Management Agreements;
(e) the Floating Charge;
(f) the Mortgages;
(g) thePre-Disbursement AccountPledges;
(h) the Share Charges;
(i) the Assignment of Vessel Owner Receivables;
(j) the VPS Account Pledge; and
(k) any additional security interest created from time to time by any person as security for the obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Share Charges" means:
(a) the charge granted by the Parent over all of the shares of the Issuer by way of a Norwegian law governed charge of the Securities Depository account of the Parent where the shares are registered; and
(b) the charges granted by the Issuer over all of the shares of the Vessel Owners, governed by the laws of the Cayman Islands;
in each case together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) (if legally possible) from the current board members of the Issuer and covenants to obtain such from future board members.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be.
"Total Loss Event" means in respect of each Vessel (i) an actual, constructive, compromised or agreed total loss and (ii) requisition for title or other compulsory acquisition, hereunder expropriation (other than by requisition for hire), capture, seizure, arrest, detention or confiscation by any government or by persons acting or purporting to act on behalf of any government unless the Vessel is released from such capture, seizure, arrest, detention or confiscation within fifteen (15) days of the occurrence thereof.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

| #4604444/ 46756578/1

11 (46)

USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America. "Vessel Manager" means Anglo-Eastern (UK) Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of Scotland, or any other company approved by the Bond Trustee in its sole discretion.
"Vessels" means Atlantis and Da Vinci (each a "Vessel"). "Vessel Owner Receivables" means any receivable arising as a consequence of the transfers by the Vessel Owners to the Issuer in accordance with Clause 13.6(a13.5fa).
"Vessel Owners" means Vessel Owner 1 and Vessel Owner 2. "Vessel Owners' Accounts" means the Vessel Owners'
Accounts.
"Vessel Owners' Operating Account" means account in the name of any of the Vessel Owners opened in accordance with and for the purpose of Clause 13.7Le13.6ibh "Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds. "VPS Account Pledge" means the pledge by the Issuer of its VPS account "Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.5 (Written Resolutions). 1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;
(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;
(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; (g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation,
government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality); and

| #6661461/ 16756578/1

12 (46)

(h) references to any agreements or instruments is a reference to that agreement or instrument, as amended, novated, supplemented, extended or restated from time to time.

2. 2.1 2.1.1
2.1.2
2.2

THE BONDS
Binding nature of thisBond Agreement
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.
This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.
The Bonds
The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in a USD amount equal to the amount outstanding under the Existing Bond Issue as of 4 August 2016, at the date of this Agreement estimated to be approximately USD 246,117,912.00 (USD two hundred and forty six million one hundred and seventeen thousand nine hundred and twelve). In addition, the Issuer may issue Additional Bonds in accordance with Clause 9 (Interest).

The Face Value is USD 1. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "8.40 per cent Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2016/2020".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 076955.7.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the 4 August 2016 to the Maturity Date.

The Issuer may, provided that no Event of Default is continuing and one or both of the Vessels have not been sold by the Issuer, elect to extend the Maturity Date by giving an extension request to the Bond Trustee not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.

2.3

Purpose and utilization

The Bonds shall exclusively be employed to finance the purchase of the Vessels and the transfer of the Issue Date Cash to the Issuer pursuant to the Memorandum of Agreement and be issued to the Bondholders as settlement in full of the amounts outstanding (at par value) under the Existing Bond Issue, to allow for release of the existing mortgages over the Vessels.

3.

LISTING

3.1 The Bonds shall not be listed.

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

#6604464/46756578/1

13 (46)

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1 Issuing the Bonds will be subject to certain conditions precedent as customary for these types of transactions, including (but not limited to):
(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and of the Obligors to execute the Finance Documents;

(c) a power of attorney from the Obligors to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Obligors;

(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Obligors, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing, (ii) the Memorandum and Articles of Association (or similar) of the Obligors and (iii) any other certificate or other corporate document required in relation to the legal opinions;

(e) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(f) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(g) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(h) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

#6604444/46756578/1

14 (46)

(i) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents);

(j) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Bank Accounts have been opened;

(k) satisfactory evidence that the Issue Date Cash has been transferred to the Debt Service Account;

(l) all Project Documents duly executed;

(m) the Memorandum of Agreement duly executed;

(n) satisfactory evidence that ownership of the Vessels are legally transferred to the relevant Vessel Owner;

(o) all Security Documents duly executed and perfected, together with any notices, acknowledgements, consents, letters of resignation, share certificates and other ancillary documents as applicable;

(p) any other Finance Documents are in acceptable form and duly executed;

(q) satisfactory evidence that all applicable insurances related to the Vessels have been taken out, confirmed by an insurance report from the Trustee's insurance advisor (at Issuer's cost);

(r) appropriate undertakings from any person named as co-insured on the relevant insurances alongside the Vessel Owners (including without limitation the Vessel Manager) protecting the position of the trustee in relation to the insurance assignments;

(s) customary documents and certificates related to each of the Vessels, including but not limited to, transcript of register evidencing ownership by the Issuer respectively and class certificates without any material recommendations or overdue recommendations; and

(t) letter of appointment of process agent.

6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1, or accept delivery of documentation in accordance with a closing memorandum reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

6.3 Issuing the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Managers and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.4 On the Issue Date, subject to confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3, the Bond Trustee shall instruct the relevant VPS registrar to issue the Bonds to the Bondholders.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1 The Issuer and each of the Vessel Owners represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee

that:

| #6 604464-/46756578/1

15 (46)

(a) Status
It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Pow er and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document (except for the Floating Charges) and the Project Documents to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document and the Project Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order, (ii) its constitutional documents, or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
(e) No Event of Default
(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
16 (46)

(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or any Project Document to which it is a party; and

(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

(h) Financial Statements
To the best of its knowledge, its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represents the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i) No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(j) No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(k) Pari passu ranking
Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(l) Security
No Security exists over any of the present assets of the Issuer or any Vessel Owner in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Obligors. The Bonds shall-, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Obligors (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of Internal Loans.

#6604464/46756578/1

17 (46)

8.2 All amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders, including but not limited to interest and expenses, shall be secured on first priority by the Security Interests, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement.

8.3 The Issuer shall ensure that the relevant Group Company provides from time to time any relevant Security and executes or procure the execution of any documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Bondholders to maintain a corresponding security position as envisaged by this Bond Agreement.

8.4 The Bond Trustee may issue a Quiet Enjoyment Letter if so required by the Client as a condition for consenting to an Assignment of Charter Contract. Such Quiet Enjoyment Letter shall containing substantially the covenant set out in the following: The Bond Trustee may not interrupt the quiet use, possession and enjoyment of the Vessel by the Client, so long as no event is continuing which would entitle the Charterer (or the Sub Charterer, if applicable) to terminate the Charter Contract and except as required by any applicable law binding on the Bond Trustee, and provided that the Client, following receipt of notice of an event of default under the Bond Agreement makes due payments as instructed by the Bond Trustee in accordance with the Charter Contract Assignments. The exercise by the Bond Trustee of its rights under any Finance Document will not constitute such an interruption. Upon a default by the Charterer (or the Sub-Charterer, if applicable) under the Charter Contract or, if applicable, Sub-Charter, the Client may terminate the Charter Contract pursuant to its terms after first providing the Trustee with a 30 days' notice of such default and provided that the Bond Trustee (or its nominee) shall have the right to remedy such default by assuming the obligations of the owner thereunder.

8.5 The Bondholders' recourse against the Issuer shall be limited to the net value of the Vessels, cash balances on any bank accounts, any agreements relating to the Vessels, such as Insurances and Charter Contracts (if any), and any other equity.

9.

INTEREST

9.1 The Issuer shall pay cash interest on the Bonds in accordance with Clause 9.2, and

payment-in-kind interest on the Bonds in accordance with Clauses 9.5 and 9.6. Any

reference in this Bond Agreement to interest and coupon payment on the Bonds shall be a

reference to cash interest and payment in kind interest on the Bonds.

9.2 The Issuer shall pay cash interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, 4 August 2016 at a fixed rate of eight point four per cent. (8.40%) per annum on the par value of the Bonds (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Additional Bonds), to (but excluding) the Maturity Date.

9.3 Interest on the Bonds will accrue from (and including) 4 August 2016 and shall, subject to Clause 9.5, be payable quarterly in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 28 September 2016.

9.4 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.5 tf-tfae-lssue^Qn anv Interest Payment Date (i) prior to the New Bond Discharge Date and in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement: and (ii) after the New Bond

#6604464446756578/1

18 (46)

Discharge Date if a cash interest payment bv the Issuer due on any interest Payment Date 4s yftaM&7-a4oteted-base4-en-the-wouid result in the total amount in-on the Debt Service Accountv-tQ-Bav-4fttefesd-dtte.-on that-date being less than USD 10.000.000. the interest (rounded down to the nearest USD) shall be capitalised on each Interest Payment Date and paid as payment in kind interest ("PIK Interest") on the par value of the Bonds (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Additional Bonds) and paid on the Maturity Date.

9.6 The amount of unpaid and uncapitalised PIK Interest will be paid in kind by capitalising such amount by way of an issuance of additional bonds ("Additional Bonds"). The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of Additional Bonds from, and including, the applicable Interest Payment Date when the Additional Bonds are issued.

9.7 The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.8 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest Amount

=

Face

Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

10.1 10.1.1

Maturity and instalments
The--After the New Bond Discharge Date and in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Bonds shall (if applicable, depending on the amount (if any) deposited on the Debt Service Account, and subject to Clause 10.1.2) be partially repaid by the Issuer in an amount equal to the Instalment Amount (if any) less the amount of-accrued interest on the redeemed amount in quarterly instalment-s-tolus-including accrued interest on the redeemed amount).The first instalment falls due on the first Interest Payment Date after the Issue Date, and each subsequent instalment falls due on each quarterly Interest Payment Date thereafter.

10.1.2

The Issuer may at its discretion elect to apply the relevant instalment amount to acquire Outstanding Bonds at par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount) and pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository) as alternative to repayment of Bonds in accordance with Clause 10.1.1.

10.1.3 Any Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid in full on the Maturity Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

10.1.4 Payment of instalments must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

#6604444446756578/1

19 (46)

10.2 Call Option
The--After the New Bond Discharge Date and in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer may redeem the Bonds in whole but not in part at any time from and including the Issue Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount) plus any value of the Issuer up to the net value of the Vessel, cash balances on any bank accounts, any agreements relating to the Vessel, such as Insurances and Charter Contracts (if any), and any other equity.

10.3 10.3.1

Change of control
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 100% of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the sixty days exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4

Qn-Subiect to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, on the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid cash interest and uncapitalised payment in kind interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 10.4.1

Mandatory Prepayment
Ueon-Subiect to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring, the Issuer shall ne^no later than 30 days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, or, in the event of sale or other disposal of any of the Vessels, or sale of shares in the Issuer or any of the Vessel Owners, on or about the date upon which the sale or disposal of such shares or Vessel is completed (by transferring the redemption amount to an escrow account on the date upon which the sale or disposal of the relevant shares or Vessel is completed, for the redemption of Bonds to be carried out as soon as possible thereafter), unless there is an Event of Default in which case it will be promptly, redeem (a) 100% of the Outstanding Bonds if related to both Vessels or shares, other than shares in one of the Vessel Owners, or (b) 60% of the Outstanding Bonds if related to one of the Vessels or shares in one of the Vessel Owners, in both instances at a price equal to 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

10.4.2

If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Clause 10.3, the amount in the Liquidity Debt Service Account may be used as part payment in relation to the mandatory prepayment, however so that if the Mandatory Prepayment Event relates to one of the Vessels only, only an amount exceeding USD 5,000,000 may be used as part payment.

10.4.3 Upon the occurrence of several Mandatory Prepayment Events, the Issuer shall only be obliged to pay one redemption amount.

#4604444/46756578/1

20 (46)

10.5 [ 10.5.1

Total Loss Prepayment
Ueefl-Subiect to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly once insurance proceeds are available, but in any event no later than sixty (60) days following the Total Loss Event, redeem (a) 100% of the outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount) if related to both Vessels or (b) 60% of the outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount) if related one of the Vessels.

10.5.2 |

If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Clause 10.5, the amount in the Liquiditv-Debt Service Account or any of the insurance proceeds which are available for prepayment pursuant to Clause -1-3r6(a13.5(a) may be used as part payment in relation to the Total Loss prepayment, however so that if the Mandatory Prepayment Event relates to one of the Vessels only, only an amount exceeding USD 5,000,000 in the Liquidity-Debt Service Account may be used as part payment.

10.6 10.6.1

Miscellaneous
A Mandatory Prepayment Event or a Total Loss Event shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the expected settlement date of the Mandatory Prepayment Event or the Total Loss Event. The settlement date may however, upon further notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders, be reduced or prolonged, due to the settlement of the Mandatory Prepayment Event or Total Loss Event, but not with shorter notice than five (5) Business Days before the settlement day of the Mandatory Prepayment Event or Total Loss Event.

10.6.2

On the settlement date of the Mandatory Prepayment Event or Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall pay (if on or about the date upon which the sale or disposal of shares or a Vessel is completed, by transferring the redemption amount to an escrow account on the date upon which the sale or disposal of the relevant shares or Vessel is completed, for the redemption of Bonds to be carried out as soon as possible thereafter, as provided for in Clause 10.4.1) to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond and any unpaid cash interest and uncapitalised payment in kind interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.6.3 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.6.4

In the event that a Mandatory Prepayment Event relates to the sale or Total Loss of one of the Vessels or one of the Vessel Owners, then, after the relevant prepayment has been implemented, the Bond Trustee may release the corresponding Vessel Owner from any obligations under the Finance Documents and the corresponding Share Charge may be released.

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 11.1.1

Covenant to pay
The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

| #6684444/4-6756578/1

21 (46)

11.2 11.2.1

Payment mechanics
tf-Followine the New Bond Discharge Date, if no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of (i)anv payments prior to the New Bond Discharge Date, or (ii) irregular payments following the New Bond Discharge Date, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 11.3.1

Currency
As the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-off and counterclaims
No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 11.5.1

Interest in the event of late payment
In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

#660446 1 /1 6756578/1

22 (46)

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid/uncapitalised under the Bond Agreement, pro rota and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13. COVENANTS

13.1 13.1.1

General
The Issuer and the Vessel Owners undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on its website in English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than +2© 150 days after the end of the financial year, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules and regulations;

#6464464/46756578/1

23 (46)

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 40-90 days after the end of the relevant quarter, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules and regulations;

(e) upon the request of the Bond Trustee, at the Issuer's own cost, send to the Bond Trustee reports on the Charter Free Market Value of the Vessels not to be dated more than thirty (30) days prior to the date of submission to the Bond Trustee;

(f) without being requested to do so, at least quarterly, or following an Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee, at the Issuer's own cost, send to the Bond Trustee for publication on www.stamdata.no reports on the performance of the Vessels and the Issuer;

(g) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(h) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(i) if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(j) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(k) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(l) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

If the Bond Trustee explicitly requests such confirmation, the Issuer shall in connection with the publication of the Issuer's financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing its compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13. In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

P iw n efa l-ew eo a ftts

transferred to the Liquidity Account in accordance with-Glause-1-3.6(a).-

13.3

Obligors' General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking

The Obligors shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

24 (46)

(b) Mergers
No Obligor shall carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of any Obligor with any other companies or entities.
(c) De-mergers
No Obligor shall carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of any Obligor into two or more separate companies or entities.
(d) Continuation of business
No Obligor shall cease to carry on its business, and each Obligor shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of its business from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.
Each Obligor shall remain a single-purpose company (with no Subsidiaries other than the Vessel Owners), for the Vessel Owners owning and chartering the relevant Vessel.
(e) Disposal of business
No Obligor shall sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.4 (Mandatory
Prepayment).
(f) A rm 's length transactions
No Obligor shall engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Obligors' business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the Obligor, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
(g) Corporate status
No Obligor shall change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.
(h) Corporate Governance
The Issuer may in consultation with its advisors delegate directors' functions relating to the management of the Issuer and interaction with the Bondholders to appointed third party advisors or management entity.
(i) Compliance with laws
The Obligors shall carry on their business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

#6604444446756578/1

25 (46)

13.4

Obligors' Special covenants
(a) Employment and sale of the Vessels

The Obligors shall actively undertake to find a purchaser or charterer of the Vessels, and otherwise undertake to maximise recovery from the Vessels to the Bondholders by entering into Charter Contracts for the Vessels.

(b) Charter Contracts

The Vessel Owners shall not enter into any Charter Contract unless in consultation with its advisors. The Obligors shall procure that any Charter Contract shall be entered into directly between the relevant Vessel Owner (or, if approved by the Bond Trustee, a Related Charterer) and any Client. If and when a Charter Contract is entered into, the Obligors shall procure that such additional Security from the Obligors, any Related Charterer and/or any other person and/or subordination undertakings from any person, together with relevant legal opinions and supporting documents, as the Bond Trustee may request is obtained.

(c) Investment restrictions

(i) The Issuer shall not invest or take part in any other activity which is not solely related to the ownership of the Vessel Owners.

(ii) The Vessel Owners shall not invest or take part in any other activity which is not solely related to the ownership and chartering of the Vessels.

(d) Dividends and other distributions

The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares, make any other distribution to its shareholder (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any share issued by any party).

(e) Negative pledge

The Obligors shall not create or permit to subsist any Security over any of their assets or revenues, including assignment of any of its rights under the Project Documents, or enter into arrangements having a similar effect, except for (a) any Security Interest or (b) any lien or security arising by operation of law.

(f) Financial Indebtedness restrictions

The Obligors shall not incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than (i) the Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue, (ii) Internal Loans-an4-i=(iii) Vessel Owner Receivables and (iv) the Financial Indebtedness arising under the New Bonds.

(g) Financial support restrictions

The Obligors shall not grant any loans, guarantees, or other financial assistance to any party other than (i) the Guarantees, (ii) Internal Loans, (iii) Vessel Owner Receivables and (iv) the Existing Bonds.

| #660 4461-/4 6756578/1

26 (46)

(h) Project Documents - corporate documents

(i) The Obligors shall enforce any rights that they have to ensure that the relevant Vessel is to the best of its knowledge at all times operated, insured and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents.

(ii) The Obligors shall not agree to or permit any changes to the Project Documents, or the memorandum and articles of association of any of the Obligors.

(iii) The Obligors shall ensure that any payments under the Management Agreements shall be subordinated to the Bonds, however so that management fees that are not overdue may be payable to the Vessel Manager on a monthly basis.

(i) Review o f the O bligors' accounts following the occurrence of an Event of Default

The Obligors shall upon the request of the Bond Trustee (at any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default) facilitate a review of the Obligors' accounts by an auditor appointed by the Bond Trustee at the Issuer's cost, and have satisfactory control systems in place which may also be subject for review;

(j) Sanctions

The Obligors shall procure that none of the Vessels will operate in Libya, Venezuela, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, Iran, Myanmar, Cuba or any other country or area being subject to Sanctions.

13.5 Application of Earnings

(a) Vessel Owners' Application of Earnings: The Vessel Owners shall procure that all

payments of hire or other sum under any Charter Contract and the Vessel Owners'

other net earnings ^relating to the Vessels, including insurance and sale proceeds,

an4-^rw-amemfc-4=eei¥e4-4n-emetteft-4^

or otherwise) are

paid into the relevant Vessel Owners' iamiftes-Ae6unter-an4-the-0Derating Account

or directly to the Debt Service Account. The Vessel Owners shall procure that the

amounts are deposited-on the - Vessel-- Owners--- Earnings- Accounts-- ("Transfer Date^h-anv amount on the Vessel Owners' Operating Account exceeding an amount sufficient to cover operational and administrative costs of the relevant Vessel Owner, including SG6A. is promptly transferred to the Debt Service Account. Anv single payment or proceed exceeding USD 1,500,000 shall in any case be paid directly into the Debt Service Account.

Account or, if considered convenient, the Vessel Owners' Operating Account an amount sufficient to cover operational and administrative costs of the

Secondly, each Vessel Owner shall transfer any remaining amounts standing to the credit of its Vessel Owners' Earnings Account to the Debt Service Account.

#4604464/46756578/1

27 (46)

(b) Issuer's Application of Earnings: The Issuer shall procure that all amounts required to be transferred by the Vessel Owners to the Issuer pursuant to paragraph (a) above and the Issuer's other net earnings, including insurance and sale proceeds, are paid into the Debt Service Account, and the Issuer shall procure that the following transfers and payments are made on a quarterly basis as long as any amounts are
Date:
Firstly, the lssuer shall transfer from the Debt Service-Account to the Liquidity Account an-amountequaT-te-4he-lower of (A) the-ameunL-ereLhe-Ttekt-Sem ee-AeeQWvt-aBd^l^-^-aff^ n t.suffieient-te
ensure that an-amount of- USD 5,0007000 per-Vessel is depesited-on the Liquidity Account-at any
time;
pay accrued and un-capitalised interest in accordance with Clause 9-op-(if no
the next interest payment on the Bonds; and
(ii) Thirdly -if any amount exceeding USD 10,000,000 (excluding any amount .500.000 remains or will remain on
the Debt Service Account following the transfer in paragraph (ii|) above-^the Issuer shall transfer from the Debt Service Account the remaining anv amount on--sueh--aceeunt--exceeding USD 10.000.000 (the "Instalment Amount") towards payment of instalments on the Bonds and accrued interest on the redeemed amount in accordance with Clause 10.1.1t,
with both (i) and (ii) above being subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
(c) Value remaining in the Obligors: Unless, following a Bondholders' Meeting or Written Resolution approving such conversion, any amount of Bonds have been converted to equity and the shareholder structure of the Issuer has been affected as a consequence, the Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall be liquidated after all Bonds have been redeemed in full and any value remaining in the Obligors after all Bonds have been redeemed in full, shall be distributed to the Bondholders.
13.6 Bank Accounts (a) GeneralDebt Service Account: The Obligors Issuer shall maintain at any time-all its bank-aounts-wfth-all times the Debt Service Account with a first class international bank{s)-=with a credit rating of at least `A' or Royal Bank of Scotland pic, as selected by the Issuer. Debt-Serviee-Aeeeuffe-The Debt Service Account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee. The deposited amount shall only be released and applied towards Eligible Costs and transfers in accordance with paragraph 1-3.6fa)-13.5 above.
Liquidity-Account: The Issuer shall-deposit amounts in accordance with Clause 13.6(a) into the Liquidity Account up to the Minimum-Liquidity.-OTie Liquidity Account shall be held with DNB Bank ASA (or such other bank as approved by the Bond Trustee in Norway, pledged in-f-avour of-the Bon4 Trustee and blocked. The-deposited-amount--shall only be-released and applied towards Eligible Costs or redemption of the-Bonds in -aecordanee-with this Agreement.

| #6604464446756578/1

28 (46)

Vessejr-OwRef&^-iafpmgs-T^eeQtmte-ia&h4%sse)r-QwRe^-&teyr-0fQewe-4te^-atir4ts-4:tet-eaffl4m s-t:ekM flg-
t-o- its Vessel- and any insuranee or sale proceeds shall-be paid to the relevant Vessel Owners' Earnings Account. Each Vessel Owners' Earnings Account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee-

(b) Vessel Owners' Operating Accounts: Each Vessel Owner may open a Vessel Owners' Operating Account, which shall be pledged, but not blocked, for the purpose of receipt of earnings and setting aside the amounts to be set aside pursuant to Clause 4-3r4fa¥i413.5 above. The Obligors shall ensure that the aggregate amount of funds standing to the credit of the Vessel Owners' Operating Accounts shall be less than USD 1 million for a period of at least 5 successive Business Days during each month.

13.7

Vessel Covenants (a) Maintenance

Each Vessel Owner shall enforce any rights that it may have to ensure that the Vessels are to the best of its knowledge at all times operated and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents, proper industry standards and according to a planned maintenance system.

(b) Insurances

(i) The Issuer and Vessel Owners shall at all times provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of insurances of each of the Vessels and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, including as set out in sub-paragraph (ii) below, hereunder to retain each of the Vessels in class.

(ii) Each of the Vessels shall be required to be adequately insured against (i) Hull & Machinery risks at least to the full value of each of the Vessels, (ii) third party liability insurance (PEtl) as per industry standards, (iii) war risk (including expropriation risk) as per industry standards and (iv) any additional insurance required under any law or any Charter Contract.

(iii) All insurances shall be maintained with reputable insurers of financial standing as approved by the Bond Trustee.

(iv) The Bond Trustee shall be named as an additional co-assured on the insurances set out above (except for the third party liability insurance (P&l)).

(v) The insurances and loss payee clause shall be in accordance with the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan or other insurances with no less favourable terms and standard letters of undertaking or similar shall be issued in favour of the Trustee in respect of the insurances set out above.

(vi) The Bond Trustee may (on behalf of the Bondholders) take out Mortgagee's Interest Insurance, and Mortgagee's Additional Perils and Pollution Insurance for a Vessel operating in areas where MAPPI is relevant from time to time (in the opinion of the Bond Trustee), on market terms at the cost of the Issuer and for the exclusive benefit of the Bondholders.

(c) Title

#6684464746756578/1

29 (46)

(i) Each Vessel Owner shall hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in its Vessel and the insurances taken out in respect of the Vessel and assigned to the Bond Trustee, free of any and all Security except for that expressly permitted under Clause 13 (Covenants).
(ii) No Vessel Owner shall dispose of a Vessel unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.4 (Mandatory Prepayment).
(d) Class, flag, name, registry
From the delivery date, the Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall ensure that each Vessel maintains its class, flag and name, and that it remains registered in the Marshall Islands only, and that the Vessels are submitted to such periodic or other surveys as may be required for classification purposes and to ensure full compliance with regulations of the applicable ship registry.
(e) Operations in accordance with laws etc.
The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall at all times ensure that the Vessels are operated in accordance with any relevant laws, regulations, administrative decisions and/or other public authorities as applicable from time to time and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
(f) Condition and repairs
The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall at all times ensure that the Vessels are kept in a good, safe and efficient condition and state of repair consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards.
14. FEES AND EXPENSES 14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the
Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.

#6 6 0 4 4 6 4 /4 6 756578 /1

30 (46)

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the
following events:
(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five-ten 1101 Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach of other obligations under the Finance Documents
Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Breach of other obligations under the Project Documents
Any Obligor does not comply with any material provision pursuant to the Project Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(d) Cross default

#660446 1 / 4 6756578/1

31 (46)

If for any Obligor:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of USD five (5) million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
(e) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(f) Insolvency
(i) Any Obligor or the Parent is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.
(ii) The value of the assets of any Obligors or the Parent is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities)
(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any Obligor or the Parent.
(g) Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If, for any Obligor or the Parent, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;

#6604464-/ 4 6756578/1

32 (46)

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) its dissolution,
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.
(h) Creditors' process
Any Obligor has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, or any Obligor is subject to any other process that the Bond Trustee in its sole discretion considers might jeopardise the interest of the Bondholders.
(i) Im possibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document or Project Document to which it is a party.
(j) Material Adverse Change
Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

#6 604464-/4 6756578/1

33 (46)

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 16.1.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 16.5 and Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.1.4

The Parent is the nominee shareholder of the Issuer and the Bondholders are the beneficial owners of the shares in the Issuer. Any voting rights in respect of the shares in the Issuer shall be with the Bondholders. The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Parent's shares in the Issuer, and has the power to make all shareholder decisions in respect of such shares.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within five (5) Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

#4604464446756578/1

34 (46)

16.2.4

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and, provided the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 16.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

#6604461/46756578/1

35 (46)

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 16.4.1

Repeated Bondholders' meeting
If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (112) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

16.4.3

A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 16.5 (Written Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause16.2 (Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings) and vice versa.

16.5 16.5.1

Written Resolutions
Subject to this Bond Agreement, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 16.1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.

36 (46)

16.5.2 The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.

16.5.3

The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time the Summons is sent from the Securities Depository and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.

16.5.4

The provisions set out in Clause 16.1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting), Clause 16.2 (Procedural rules fo r Bondholders' m eetings), Clause 16.3 (Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings) and Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:

(a) the provisions set out in Clause 16.2.8, Clause 16.2.10 and Clause 16.2.11; or

(b) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 16.5
(Written Resolutions),

shall not apply to a Written Procedure.

16.5.5 The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:

(a) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and

(b) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause  U>.4(Repeated Bondholders' meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons.

16.5.6

Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the Securities Depository on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 16.3.1, will be counted in the Written Resolution. "Relevant Record Date" means for the purpose of this paragraph; (A) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons have been published; or (B) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (A) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the
requisite majority.

16.5.7

A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in Clause 16.3.4 and 16.3.5 has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, in which case the resolution will state that the relevant proposal is not approved.

| # 6604464-/ 4 6756578/1

37 (46)

16.5.8 The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.

16.5.9

If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in Clause 16.3.3Clause 16.3.5.

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 17.1.1

The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 17 or elsewhere in this Bond Agreement to the contrary, by its purchase of its Bond(s), each Bondholder shall be deemed to have appointed and authorized the Bond Trustee to act as security trustee on behalf of the Bondholders with regard to (i) the security, powers, rights, titles, benefits and interests (both present and future) constituted by and conferred thereon under, or pursuant to, the Mortgage (including, without limitation, the benefit of all covenants, undertakings,

# 46CM'161/16756578/1

38 (46)

representations, warranties and obligations given, made or undertaken by the Issuer in the Mortgage), (ii) all monies, property and other assets paid or transferred thereto or vested therein or in any agent thereof or received or recovered thereby or by any agent thereof pursuant to, or in connection with, the Mortgage, whether from the Issuer or any other person, and (iii) all monies, investments, property or other assets at any time representing or deriving from any of the foregoing, including all interest, income and other sums at any time received or receivable thereby or by any agent thereof in respect of the same (or any part thereof). The Bond Trustee, by its acceptance and agreement hereto, hereby accepts its appointment but shall have no obligations or liabilities as security trustee under the Mortgage except those expressly set forth in this Bond Agreement and the Mortgage.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.7 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.9 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.11 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 17.2.1

Liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the

| #6604464/46756578/1

39 (46)

Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent 17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.
Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

#6604464/4 6756578/1

40 (46)

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 18.2.1

Defeasance The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon an exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with

41 (46)

the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of the Obligors or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a) the Obligors shall be released from its obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (c), (d), (i), (j) and (k), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Obligors shall not take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

| #6604441-/46756578/1

42 (46)

18.3 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 18.4.1

Access to information
This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 18.6.1

Notices, contact information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

#660 446-1-/ 4 6756578/1

43 (46)

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 18.7.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to Clause 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent
The Obligors shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

| #6604444/46756578/1

44 (46)

Vessel Owner 1: Nor Offshore Atlantis SPV, Ltd.
By: ______________________ Name: Title:
Issuer: Nor Offshore SPV, Ltd.
By: _ Name: Title:

SIGNATORIES:
Vessel Owner 2: Nor Offshore Da Vinci SPV, Ltd.
By: ___________ Name: Title:
Bond Trustee: Nordic Trustee ASA
By: ____________ Name: Title:

