Term Sheet

ISIN: NO0010787120

Gaming Innovation Group Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2017/2020
(the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")

Settlement Date: 6 March 2017

1. Issuer: 2. Parent: 3. Group: 4. Guarantors:

Gaming Innovation Group Ltd., a private limited liability company incorporated in Malta (reg. no. C44319).
Gaming Innovation Group Inc. a public limited liability company incorporated in the United States (reg. no. 2309086).
The Parent, the Issuer and their Subsidiaries from time to time, (each a "Group Company").
All appointed Material Group Companies (prior to the date of first release of funds from the Escrow Account), but always including the Parent and any of its wholly and directly owned companies (other than the Issuer), including as of the Settlement Date:

(i) Candid Gaming Ltd. (incorporated in Malta with reg. no. C65710); and (ii) Gridmanager Ltd. (incorporated in Malta with reg. no. C66192).

5. Currency:

SEK.

6. Maximum Loan Amount:

SEK 1,250,000,000.

7. Initial Loan Amount: SEK 400,000,000.

8. Purpose of the Bond Issue:

The Initial Loan Amount (net of fees and legal cost of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other cost and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) shall exclusively be employed for (i) repayment of Existing Debt, and (ii) general corporate purposes, including acquisitions.

The net proceeds from any Tap Issue shall be used for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions.

9. Coupon Rate:

7.0% fixed per annum, semi-annual interest payments.

10. Settlement Date:

6 March 2017. Notice to be given to subscribers minimum two (2) Business Days prior to the Settlement Date (on which date the net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be credited to the Escrow Account).

1/19

11. Final Maturity Date: 6 March 2020.

12. Amortisation:

The Bonds shall be repaid in full on the Final Maturity Date at a price of 100.00% of the Nominal Amount (par value).

13. First Interest Payment Date:

6 September 2017 (6 months after the Settlement Date).

14. Last Interest Payment Date:

Final Maturity Date.

15. Interest Payments:

Interest on the Bonds will commence to accrue on the Settlement Date and shall be payable semi-annually in arrears on the interest payment date in September and March (each an "Interest Payment Date") each year and on the Final Maturity Date. Day-count fraction for the coupon is 30/360, business day convention is "unadjusted" and business day as determined in "Oslo".

16. Price:

100.00% of par value.

17. Nominal Amount:

The Bonds will have a nominal (par) value of SEK 1,000,000 each, with a minimum subscription and allocation amount of the SEK equivalent of EUR 100,000.

18. Status of the Bonds:

The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and will rank at least pari passu between themselves and all other senior creditors (except in respect of claims mandatorily preferred by law).

19. First Call Date

The Interest Payment Date in March 2019 (2 years after the Settlement Date).

20. Call Options (American):

The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (in whole or in part) at any time from and including:

(i) the Settlement Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to the Make Whole Amount;
(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 30 months after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 103% of the Nominal Amount;
(iii) the Interest Payment Date falling 30 months after the Settlement Date to, but not including the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 101.5% of the Nominal Amount.
In addition, the Issuer shall pay accrued and unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds.

Written notice must be given at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed repayment date for the call (the "Call Option Repayment Date").

21. Make-Whole Amount:

Means an amount equal to the sum of:
(i) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of 103% of the Nominal Amount as if such payment had taken place on the First Call Date; and
(ii) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of the remaining interest payments (less any accrued and unpaid interest as of the Call Option Repayment Date) to and including the First Call Date,

2/19

22. Make Whole Calculation Date:
23. Security:
24. Conditions Precedent:

where the present value shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points above the comparable Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration until the First Call Date using linear interpolation).

Means the first Business Day after the day the Issuer has sent notice for exercising of the Call Option.

All amounts outstanding to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents, including but not limited to principal, interest, fees and expenses, shall (subject to any mandatory limitations under applicable law) be secured by the following security:

Pre-Settlement Security:

(i)

first priority pledge over the Escrow Account (the "Escrow Account

Pledge");

Pre-Disbursement Security:

(ii)

first priority charges over the Issuer's bank accounts (to be unblocked

except upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and following the

Bond Trustee's written notice to the relevant account bank);

(iii) first priority pledge over all shares issued in the Issuer and the Guarantors (other than the Parent);

(iv) to the extent legally and practically possible, joint and several unconditional and irrevocable Norwegian law guarantees (No. "selvskyldnerkausjon"), or the corresponding guarantee under other applicable law to the extent made by a Guarantor which is not a Norwegian legal entity, from each of the Guarantors, which shall constitute senior obligations of the Guarantors (the "Guarantees"); and

(v)

first priority pledge in any Intercompany Loans from the Issuer to the

Guarantors.

The documents and agreements relating to the Security listed in items (i) through (v) above shall collectively be referred to as the "Security Documents", and shall be made in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and always be subject to and limited to mandatory provisions of applicable law which limit the legal capacity or ability to provide Security.

The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established no later than two (2) days before the Settlement Date. The Pre-Disbursement Security (but not the Pre-Settlement Security) shall be established prior to or in connection with the release of funds from the Escrow Account, at which time the Bond Trustee shall have the right (acting in its sole discretion) to release the Pre-Settlement Security.

The Parent shall for as long as any amount remain outstanding under the Bonds ensure that all shares issued by its directly owned Subsidiaries are pledged on first priority in favour of the of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

The Bond Trustee shall pursuant to this Term Sheet (upon the Issuer's request) further release any Guarantee or Security provided by a Guarantor that ceases to be a Material Group Company unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

Pre-Settlement:

3/19

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) to the Escrow Account is subject to certain conditions precedent customary for these types of transactions, including but not limited to receipt or waiver by the Bond Trustee (no later than two Business Days prior to the Settlement Date) of the following documents (in form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee):

(i)

a duly executed copy of the Bond Agreement;

(ii)

a duly executed copy of an agreement between the Bond Trustee and

the Issuer relating to expenses and fees;

(iii) copies of the articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant company register in respect of the Issuer and the Parent evidencing that the Issuer and the Parent is validly existing as applicable in the relevant jurisdiction;

(iv) copies of all corporate resolutions (including authorisations) of each of the Parent and the Issuer required to execute the relevant Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(v)

copies of any necessary governmental approval, consent or waiver (as

the case may be) required at such time to issue the Bonds;

(vi) any statements or legal opinions required by the Bond Trustee in relation to the relevant Finance Documents; and

(vii) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the account bank).

Pre-Disbursement: The amount on the Escrow Account (if not covered Pre-Settlement, net of legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) shall only be used according to the Purpose of the Bond Issue, and any release from the Escrow Account, will be subject to customary closing mechanisms as agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee and be subject to certain conditions precedent customary for these types of transactions, including but not limited to receipt by the Bond Trustee of the following documents (in form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee):

(i)

a duly executed release notice from the Issuer;

(ii)

a statement of subordination in favour of the Bond Trustee of any and

all claims which is required to be subordinated under these Bond terms;

(iii) copies of the Guarantors' articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant company register in respect of each Guarantor evidencing that the Guarantor is validly existing applicable in the relevant jurisdiction;

(iv) copies of necessary corporate resolutions (including authorisations) from each of the Guarantors to execute the relevant Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(v)

confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or

will result from the release from the Escrow Account;

4/19

(vi) copies of agreements for any existing Intercompany Loans (and any Intercompany Loans to be established upon disbursement) with the Issuer duly executed by all parties thereto, and evidence that any Intercompany Loans granted (or to be granted) to the Issuer are fully subordinated to the Bonds;

(vii) certificates from the Parent and the Issuer confirming that no indebtedness, security or guarantees (that will not constitute Permitted Security, Permitted Financial Indebtedness or Permitted Financial Support) exist within the Group;

(viii) all relevant Pre-Disbursement Security Documents being executed and perfected according to (if required) a closing procedure acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the "Closing Procedure");

(ix) all Finance Documents (unless delivered Pre-Settlement and to the extent applicable) duly executed;

(x)

copies of the template for the agreements for Subordinated Capital,

intercompany loans and the declaration of subordination in respect of

any Subordinated Capital;

(xi) written evidence that the Existing Debt (other than the Working Capital Facility) will be repaid in full in relation to the first release of funds form the Escrow Account (in accordance with a closing procedure acceptable to the Bond Trustee);

(xii) to the extent required by the Bond Trustee, any legal opinion required by the Bond Trustee in respect of any jurisdiction by which a Security Document or any other Finance Document is governed; and

(xiii) otherwise as may be required in accordance with applicable law.

The Bond Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of certain conditions precedent at its sole discretion, and the Bond Trustee may on behalf of the Bondholders agree on the Closing Procedure with the Issuer.

25. Mandatory Redemption:

If the funds deposited on the Escrow Account have not in all material respects been released from the Escrow Account and applied as set out in the Purpose of the Bonds by the date that falls 60 Business Days after the Settlement Date (the "Long Stop Date"), the Issuer shall no later than 5 Business Days thereafter (with the Long Stop Date being the Record Date), redeem Bonds a price equal to 101.00% of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Bonds to be redeemed).

26. Representations and Warranties:

The Bond Agreement shall include relevant representations and warranties by the Parent and the Issuer (as customary in the Norwegian high-yield bond market) repeated on the execution date of this Agreement, on the Settlement Date, on the date of release of funds from the Escrow Account and on any later Tap Issue date.

27. General Undertakings:

(a) Distributions: The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, make any Distribution other than any Permitted Distribution.
(b) Mergers: The Parent and the Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Parent or any other Group Company with

5/19

any other companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers: The Parent and the Issuer shall not, and shall make sure that no Material Group Companies shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganisation involving splitting the Parent or any such Material Group Companies into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Parent or the Issuer (as applicable) shall notify the Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Acquisitions: The Parent and the Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, acquire any company, shares, securities, business or undertaking (or any interest in any of them), unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Disposals: The Parent and the Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will sell or otherwise dispose of:

(i)

shares in or other assets or operations in the Issuer or any

Material Group Company, outside the ordinary course of

business, to any Person not being the Parent or the Issuer or any

of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries (a "Restricted Disposal"),

unless any such Restricted Disposal is carried out at fair market

value and would otherwise not have a Material Adverse Effect;

or

(ii)

other assets or operations in any Group Company, outside the

ordinary course of business, to any Person not being the Parent

or the Issuer or any Group Company if such disposal would

otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect.

The net cash proceeds from a Restricted Disposal shall be applied:

i. to finance (in whole or in part) the acquisition of any replacement assets, over which New Security shall be granted (to the extent that the original assets were covered by the Security); or

ii. at any time following the relevant disposal, and in any event, if such proceeds are not applied as set out in paragraph i. within 12 months after receipt by the Issuer, to redeem Bonds at the applicable price under the "Call Options" at the time of redemption (plus accrued and unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds).

Notwithstanding the clauses above, if the net proceeds from a sale (or related sales) are less than SEK 5,000,000, the net proceeds may be released for general corporate purposes.

"New Security" means security in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Term Sheet to be granted over any new assets having been acquired.

6/19

In the event that any assets over which security is granted under the Finance Documents are sold or otherwise disposed of by any Group Company to either the Parent or the Issuer or any of the Issuer's whollyowned Subsidiaries within the Group, the acquirer shall pledge such assets as security in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

Any security granted pursuant to this paragraph (e) of "General Undertakings" shall be deemed to be a "Security" and any documents executed in relation hereto shall be deemed as "Security Documents".

(f)

Financial Indebtedness: The Parent and the Issuer shall not, and shall

ensure that no other Group Company will, incur any new Financial

Indebtedness or maintain any existing Financial Indebtedness, provided

however that the Parent or any Group Company shall have a right to

incur and maintain Financial Indebtedness that constitutes Permitted

Financial Indebtedness.

(g)

Negative pledge: The Parent and the Issuer shall not, and shall ensure

that no other Group Company will, create or allow to subsist, retain,

provide, prolong or renew any security over any of its/their assets

(present or future) to secure any loan or other indebtedness, provided

that the Group Companies have a right to create or allow to subsist,

retain, provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.

(h) Financial support: No member of the Group shall directly or indirectly make or grant any loans, grant any credit or give any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any person or group or otherwise voluntary assume any financial liability, whether actual or contingent, in respect of any other person or group, not being a member of the Group, except for Permitted Financial Support;

(i)

Continuation of business: The Parent and the Issuer shall ensure that no

material change is made to the general nature of the business carried on

by the Group as of the Settlement Date.

(j)

Corporate status: The Parent and the Issuer shall not change its type of

organisation or jurisdiction of incorporation.

(k)

Insurances: The Parent and the Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all

other Group Companies will, maintain insurances or captive

arrangements on and in relation to its business and assets against those

risks and to the extent as is usual for companies carrying on the same or

substantially similar business.

(l)

Arm's length transactions: The Parent and the Issuer shall not, and the

Parent and Issuer shall ensure that no member of the Group shall engage

in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (other than

between the Parent or the Issuer and a Guarantor or between two or

more Guarantors) (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of

assets or the rendering) except in the ordinary course of business and

pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such Group

Company's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less

favourable to the Issuer or such Group Company, as the case may be,

than those which might be obtained in arm's length transaction at that

time.

(m) Compliance with laws: The Parent and the Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies will, comply in all material respects with

7/19

all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time to the extent that failure to comply with such laws and regulations would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(n) Nomination of Material Group Companies: The Parent and/or the Issuer (as applicable) shall prior to release of funds from the Escrow Account and thereafter once every year (simultaneously with the delivery to the Bond Trustee of the yearly audited accounts of the Group) and upon acquisition of material assets by a Group Company nominate Material Group Companies. The Parent and/or the Issuer (as applicable) shall nominate as Material Group Companies (a) such Group Companies as are necessary to ensure that the Parent and the Material Group Companies in aggregate account for at least 85% of the Group's EBITDA and total assets, and (b) a Group Company whose EBITDA or assets constitutes more than 5% of the Group's EBITDA or total assets on a consolidated basis based on the preceding four financial quarters. If the aggregate EBITDA of all the Material Group Companies as determined pursuant to the above criteria is less than 85% of the consolidated EBITDA or assets of the Group, the Group Company with the greatest EBITDA or assets which is not a Material Company shall become a Material Company, and this process shall be repeated until such 85% threshold is attained. If a Group Company has been acquired since the date at which the latest Financial Statements of the Group were prepared, the financial statements shall be deemed to be adjusted in order to take into account the acquisition of that Group Company.
The Issuer or the Parent (as applicable) shall ensure that each such Material Group Company no later than 60 days after its nomination provide Security in accordance with this Term Sheet. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the giving of a guarantee, the granting and the terms of security or the perfection and scope of the Security granted shall take into account the cost of providing security or guarantees which must be proportionate to the benefit accruing to the Secured Parties.
The identity of the Material Group Companies nominated by the Issuer or the Parent (as applicable) in accordance with this paragraph shall be listed in the compliance certificate to be provided to the Bond Trustee in accordance with the Information Undertakings.
(o) Subsidiary distribution: The Parent and the Issuer shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, other than permitting to subsist such contractual obligation which is not reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement.
(p) Intellectual property: The Parent and the Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all other Group Companies) (i) preserve and maintain the subsistence and validity of the Intellectual Property which are material in order for the Group to conduct its business; (ii) use reasonable endeavours to prevent infringement in any material respect of any Intellectual Property which is material for the Group to conduct its business, but it shall be free to deal with those assets in the ordinary course of its business (including, without limitation, allowing its Intellectual Property to lapse if no longer material to its business) until an Event of Default has occurred which is continuing and in which notice has been served by the Trustee.
8/19

28. Parent Undertakings: General Undertakings: The Parent shall comply with all General Undertakings and other undertakings referring to obligations for the Parent in this Term Sheet.

29. Permitted Distribution:

Means any Distribution by:
(a) a Subsidiary of the Parent, if such Distribution is made to another Group Company and, if made by a Group Company which is not wholly-owned, is made on a pro rata basis; or

(b) the Parent, if applied solely for repurchase of shares in the Parent, and in:

(i)

2017, not to exceed an aggregate amount of SEK 20,000,000;

(ii)

2018, not to exceed an aggregate amount representing the

lower of (1) SEK 20,000,000, and (2) 25% of Net Profit the

previous calendar year; and

(iii) 2019 to the Final Maturity Date, not to exceed an aggregate amount representing the lower of (1) SEK 20,000,000, and (2) 25% of Net Profit the previous calendar year,

provided in respect of (ii) and (iii) always the Parent's compliance with the Incurrence Test and in each event (i) ­ (iii) where any unutilized portion of such Net Profit may not be carried forward and in any event no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Distribution and that the relevant legal entity has dividend capacity pursuant to applicable law (to the extent that such Distribution is made in the form of dividends).

30. Permitted Financial Indebtedness:

Means any Financial Indebtedness (or the refinancing of any Financial Indebtedness outstanding at the time of the refinancing):

(a) under the Finance Documents;

(b) incurred under Existing Debt (provided it shall be included as "Permitted

Financial Indebtedness" only up until the first release of funds from the

Escrow Account);

(c)

incurred (or to be incurred) under a Working Capital Facility;

(d) incurred under finance or capital leases of equipment, computers or real

property in the ordinary course of business;

(e) in the form of any Intercompany Loans;

(f)

any loans between Group Companies (other than to the Issuer) that do

not constitute Intercompany Loans;

(g)

in the form of any Subordinated Capital;

(h) arising between Group Companies under any cash pooling arrangement

of the Group;

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument

issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying

liability in the ordinary course of business of a Group Company;

(j)

incurred under any advance or deferred purchase agreement on normal

commercial terms by any member of the Group from any of its trading

partners in the ordinary course of its trading activities;

(k)

incurred by the Issuer, if such Financial Indebtedness meets the

Incurrence Test tested pro forma including such new Financial

Indebtedness, and is incurred as a result of a Tap Issue;

(l)

incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity (or

operations) and which is due to such acquired entity holding

indebtedness, provided that such indebtedness is either (i) repaid, or (ii)

9/19

otherwise refinanced by the Issuer as set out in paragraph (k) above within ninety (90) days of completion of such acquisition or transfer; (m) under any pension and tax liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; or (n) incurred under paragraphs (g) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Support".

31. Permitted Financial Support:

Means any guarantee, loan or other financial support:

(a) granted under the Finance Documents;

(b) granted under Existing Debt (provided it shall be included as "Permitted

Financial Support" only up until the first release of funds from the Escrow

Account);

(c)

granted in respect of any Tap Issue, provided that such guarantee is

granted in favour of the Bond Trustee on the behalf of the Bondholders

in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement;

(d) permitted under paragraphs (e), (f) and (h) of the definition of

"Permitted Financial Indebtedness";

(e) which constitutes a trade credit or guarantee issued in respect of a

liability incurred by another Group Company in the ordinary course of

business;

(f)

arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of business and

not as a result of any default or omission; or

(g)

arising in the ordinary course of banking arrangements for the purposes

of netting debt and credit balances between Group Companies.

32. Permitted Security:

Means any security:

(a) created under the Finance Documents;

(b) created in respect of Existing Debt (provided it shall be included as

"Permitted Security" only up until the first release of funds from the

Escrow Account);

(c)

created in respect of a Tap Issue, provided that such security is granted

in favour of the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance

with the terms of the Bond Agreement;

(d) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of trading and not

as a result of any default or omission;

(e) arising in the ordinary course of banking arrangements for the purposes

of netting debt and credit balances of Group Companies;

(f)

in the form of rental deposits or other guarantees in respect of any lease

agreement including in relation to real property entered into by a Group

Company in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial

terms; or

(g)

granted under Permitted Financial Indebtedness in accordance with

paragraph (l) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness" and

that such security is discharged upon repayment or refinancing of such

Financial Indebtedness with the Issuer as the new borrower.

33. Tap Issue:

The Issuer may, provided that the Incurrence Test is met, at one or more occasions issue additional Bonds under the Bond Issue (each such issue, a "Tap Issue"), until the outstanding loan amount equals the Maximum Loan Amount (less the Nominal Amount of any previously redeemed Bonds). The additional Bonds issued in a Tap Issue shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Finance Documents.

34. Financial Covenants: The Issuer undertakes to comply with (one of the two) following financial covenants at all times during the term of the Bond Issue:

(i)

Leverage Ratio: Not to exceed 5.00x; and

10/19

35. Incurrence Test: 36. Definitions:

(ii) NIBD TO EV Ratio: Not to exceed 50%.

The Financial Covenants shall be calculated for each Relevant Period according to IFRS on each Quarter Date and reported to the Bond Trustee (in compliance certificate) within each Reporting Date.

The Incurrence Test is met if the:

(i)

Leverage Ratio is not greater than 4.00x;

(ii)

NIBD TO EV Ratio is not greater than 50%; and

(iii) Interest Cover Ratio is greater than 2.25x.

The calculation of (i) - (iii) above shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no earlier than one month prior to the event relevant for the application of the Incurrence Test.

The Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but include any new Financial Indebtedness incurred under any Tap Issue in respect of which the Incurrence Test is applied (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of such new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt).

The figures for the EBITDA for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that:

(a) entities, assets or operations acquired or disposed of by the Group

during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but

before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as

applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period;

(b) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from a Tap Issue shall be

included, pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period; and

(c)

the figure for EBITDA shall take into account reasonable cost synergies

and cost savings to be achieved for the Group during the coming 12

months as a result of an acquisition referred to in paragraph (b) above,

provided that (A) such cost synergies and cost savings have been

verified by an independent financial due diligence advisor, acceptable

to the Bond Trustee, in relation to the acquisition and (B) the increase

in EBITDA based on such adjustments shall in no event exceed 10% of

the EBITDA for the Group (as measured following any adjustments

pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b) above).

"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.

"Distribution" means any (i) payment of dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase of own shares, (iii) redemption of share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repayment of any Subordinated Capital, or (v) any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct and indirect shareholders of any Group Company or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect

11/19

shareholders, but shall not include any issue (rebated sale) of shares/options to employees/management as part of any incentive scheme.

"EBITDA" means the consolidated profit of the Group, from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):

(i)

before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or

payable by any member of the Group;

(ii)

before deducting any Net Finance Charges;

(iii) excluding any material items (positive or negative) of a one off, non-

recurring, non-operational, extraordinary, unusual or exceptional nature

(including, without limitation, restructuring expenditures);

(iv) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any

derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which are

accounted for on a hedge account basis);

(v)

after adding back the amount of any accounting effect of stock based

compensation for employees;

(vi) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any

material loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset

(other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising

from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;

(vii) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of

any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority

interests;

(viii) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of

the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group;

(ix) after adding back any losses to the extent covered by any insurance; and

(x)

after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation,

depreciation or depletion of assets of members of the Group.

"Enterprise Value" means the aggregate of (i) the market capitalization of the listed shares in the Parent (as determined in accordance with Bloomberg, or any other provider of stock market information), (ii) the market value of the Financial Indebtedness of the Group), and (iii) minority ownership interest in any company, less cash and cash equivalents.

"Existing Debt" means:

(i)

the loan agreement between the Parent as borrower and Københavns

Andelskasse as lender in the amount of approximately DKK 4,000,000;

(ii) the loan agreement between the Parent as borrower and Bryggen

Holding AS as lender in the amount of approximately NOK 19,200,000;

(iii) Short term loans in the aggregate amount of approximately EUR

3,400,000; and

(iv) a Working Capital Facility.

"Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees (excluding arrangement fees in respect of the Initial Loan Amount under the Bond Issue), discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the Group (calculated on a consolidated basis), without taking into account any capitalised interest in respect of any Subordinated Capital, or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:

(i)

moneys borrowed and debt balances at banks or other financial

institutions;

12/19

(ii) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or

dematerialized equivalent;

(iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of

bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument, including

the Bonds;

(iv) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase

contract which would, in accordance with IFRS, be treated as a finance

or capital lease (meaning that the lease is capitalized as an asset and

booked as a corresponding liability in the balance sheet);

(v)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent

they are sold on a non-recourse basis provided that the requirements for

de-recognition under IFRS are met);

(vi) any derivative transaction entered into and, when calculating the value

of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value (or, if any

actual amount is due as a result of the termination or close-out of that

derivative transaction, that amount shall be taken into account);

(vii) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond,

standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability of a

person which is not a Group Company which liability would fall within

one of the other paragraphs of this definition;

(viii) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which are

redeemable (other than at the option of the Issuer) before the Final

Maturity Date or are otherwise classified as borrowings under IFRS;

(ix) any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase

agreement, if (a) the primary reason behind entering into the agreement

is to raise finance or (b) the agreement is in respect of the supply of

assets or services and payment is due more than 120 calendar days after

the date of supply;

(x)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward

sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a

borrowing or otherwise being classified as a borrowing under IFRS; and

(xi) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any

guarantee for any of the items referred to in paragraphs i) to x) above.

"Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group.

"Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden with a constant maturity (as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that have become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date, provided, however that if the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of the direct obligations of Sweden for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.

13/19

"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Intellectual Property" means any patents, trademarks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, database rights, rights to source code, design rights, domain names, inventions, confidential information, knowhow and other intellectual property rights and interests, whether registered or unregistered and the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets of each member of the Group.
"Intercompany Loan" means any loan made by a Group Company to a Material Group Company (not including any Financial Indebtedness under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group) where (i) the term of the loan is over one year (the term being determined at the sole discretion of the Issuer) and (ii) the amount is in excess of SEK 20,000,000, and which pursuant to this Term Sheet shall be fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations.
"Interest Cover Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges calculated for the Relevant Period.
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA calculated for the Relevant Period.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the Issuer's or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents, or (b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Companies" means the Parent, any directly and wholly owned Subsidiary of the Parent (including the Issuer) and any other member of the Group which has subsequently been designated as a Material Group Company by the Issuer pursuant to subsection (n) in the "General Undertakings" above.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment (and excluding any payment-inkind interest capitalised on Subordinated Capital).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing Financial Indebtedness of the Group, and excluding:
(i) Subordinated Capital, (ii) interest bearing debt borrowed from a 100% owned Group Company to
another 100% owned Group Company; and (iii) any Bonds owned by the Issuer,
less cash and cash equivalents (and for the avoidance of doubt funds held on the Escrow Account of the Group in accordance with IFRS).
"Net Profit" means for an applicable financial period the Group's net profit after tax according to IFRS, however excluding any IFRS accounting effects resulting from appreciation / write downs of fixed assets owned by the Group.
"NIBD TO EV Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Enterprise Value calculated for the Relevant Period.
14/19

37. Information Undertakings:

"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.

"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Reporting Date" means the earlier of (i) the date of the Parent's or the Issuer's relevant financial reporting dates, and (ii) date falling 60 calendar days after each Quarter Date.

"Relevant Period" means each period of 12 consecutive calendar months.

"Secured Obligations" means all present and future liabilities and obligations at any time due, owing or incurred by any Group Company to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

"Subordinated Capital" means any loan granted or to be granted, with terms (including aggregate amount) and final structure acceptable to the Bond Trustee (acting in its sole discretion), inter alia to ensure that (i) such loan is fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations, (ii) no interest shall accrue and be payable in excess of any interest payable under the Bonds and always be subject to PIK payment, and (iii) any repayment of principal, or payment of interest under any such loan, is subject to all present and future obligations and liabilities under the Secured Obligations having been discharged in full.

"Subsidiaries" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"Working Capital Facility" means an overdraft facility between the Parent as borrower in the (at any time) maximum aggregate amount of NOK 25,000,000 or the equivalent in any other currency incurred for the purpose of providing working capital financing to the Group.

The Bond Agreement shall include relevant information undertakings (as customary in the Norwegian high-yield bond market).

In addition to the customary undertaking to provide compliance certificates in connection with the publication of financial reports, the Issuer shall upon in all events which shall require application of the Incurrence Test submit to the Bond Trustee a compliance certificate which shall also contain calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA.

The Parent and the Issuer shall, without being requested to do so, prepare:

(i)

its audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual audited financial

statements and make them available on its website in the English

language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon

as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of

the financial year; and

(ii)

its unaudited consolidated quarterly unaudited financial statements and

make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively

by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become

available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant

quarter.

in respect of both (i) and (ii) above, the financial statements shall specifically include, for the Relevant Period, EBITDA and Net Interest Bearing Debt (and otherwise as required under the Incurrence Test) in respect of the Group.

15/19

38. Events of Default: 39. Escrow Account
40. Listing: 41. Change of Control
(Put Option): 42. Change of Control
Event:
43. Clean-up call:

The Bond Agreement shall include standard event of default provisions, including (i) cross default provisions on Financial Indebtedness for the Issuer and any Material Group Company, subject to a SEK 10,000,000 threshold and (ii) standard remedy periods.

The Issuer shall prior to issuance of the Bonds establish an escrow account (with a Norwegian bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee) where the bank has waived any set-off rights. Once all Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent have been satisfied, the net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred to the Escrow Account. The Escrow Account shall be pledged on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and be blocked so that no withdrawals can be made therefrom without the Bond Trustee's prior written consent.

The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the Purpose of the Bond Issue.

Before the release from the Escrow Account takes place, all the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedents shall be duly fulfilled (unless waived by the Bond Trustee at its discretion).

The Issuer shall send an application for listing on Oslo Børs within 60 days of the Settlement Date, and ensure that the Bonds are listed on Oslo Børs within three months of the Settlement Date.

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right to require that the Issuer redeems the relevant Bondholder's Bonds (put option) at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued and unpaid interest), such put option to be exercised within 60 days following the notice of a Change of Control Event. The settlement date of the put option(s) shall be on the 5th Business Day after the end of the 60 days period.

Change of Control Event means:

(a) the shares of the Parent ceases to be listed on Oslo Stock Exchange (or Nasdaq OMX Stockholm); or

(b) any Person or group of Persons acting in concert gaining Decisive Influence over the Parent or the Issuer (other than the Parent).

"Decisive Influence" means a Person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding and/or other arrangement and/or through the direct and/or indirect ownership of shares and/or other ownership interests in another Person:

(i)

a majority of the voting rights in that other Person; or

(ii)

a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of

directors of that other Person.

If Bonds representing more than 90% of the outstanding Bonds have been repurchased in relation to a Change of Control Event (Put Option), the Issuer may at its election repurchase all the remaining outstanding Bonds at a price of 101% of Nominal Amount (plus accrued interest) by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 days after the settlement date for the Change of Control (Put Option). Such prepayment of Bonds pursuant to the Clean-Up Call may occur at the earliest on the 15th day following the date of such notice in respect of the Clean-Up Call.

16/19

44. Issuer's ownership of The Issuer and the Group Companies each have the right to acquire, subscribe

Bonds:

and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold.

45. Bond Agreement:

The bond agreement governing the Bond Issue (the "Bond Agreement") will be entered into by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee acting as the Bondholders' representative, and it shall be based on the Bond Trustee's Norwegian high-yield standard agreement. The standard is available upon request to the Bond Trustee or the Manager. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.

A subscriber of Bonds is by its application for Bonds (see further details under Terms of subscription below) deemed to have granted authority to the Bond Trustee to finalise the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents. Although minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur, the provisions in the Bond Agreement will be substantially consistent with those set forth in this Term Sheet.
The Bond Agreement shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes.

46. Finance Documents: Means:

(i)

the Bond Agreement;

(ii)

the Security Documents;

(iii) the Bond Trustee's fee letter; and

(iv) any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a

Finance Document.

47. Governing law and jurisdiction:

Norwegian.

48. Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with issuance of the Bonds or the Security Documents, but not in respect of trading of the Bonds in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and the Issuer shall deduct before payment to the Bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law, subject to standard gross up and gross up call provisions.

49. Tax Call:

If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100% of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 20 Business Days prior to such redemption, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax
were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.

50. Registration:
51. Manager: 52. Bond Trustee: 53. Paying Agent: 54. Market making:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited to the Bondholders through VPS. ABG Sundal Collier ASA, Munkedamsveien 45 E, 0250 Oslo, Norway Nordic Trustee ASA, P.O. Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Norway. DNB Bank ASA No market-maker agreement has been made for this Bond Issue.

17/19

55. Terms of subscription:

Application and subscriptions of Bonds will be made on the terms of, and by the execution and delivery or otherwise accept (by a taped telephone conversation, e-mail or otherwise) of, an application form from the Manager ("Application Form") prior to receiving Bond allotments. The terms of the Application Form inter alia provide that the relevant subscribers, through their applications for Bonds, specifically authorise the Bond Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective Bondholders. On this basis, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers having received Bond allotments, such that they thereby will become bound by the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Bond Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become bound by the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered by VPS without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

56. Subscription restrictions:

The Bonds will only be offered or sold within the United States to Qualified Institutional Buyers ("QIBs") as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act.

The Bonds have not and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any state securities law except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and appropriate exemptions under the laws of any other jurisdiction. The Bonds may not be offered or sold within the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person (as such terms are defined in regulations), except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act as further detailed in the Application Form. Failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities legislation.

57. Transfer restrictions: The Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged, subject to the following:

(i) Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the relevant exchange, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).

(ii) Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.

(iii) Notwithstanding the above, a bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilise its voting rights under the Bond Agreement.

20 February 2017

18/19

Gaming Innovation Group Ltd. as Issuer
ABG Sundal Collier As Manager
19/19

