AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 1 Dated 30 June, 2010

Execution Version

between
NORSE ENERGY CORP. ASA as Existing Borrower and PANORO ENERGY ASA
As New Borrower and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA on behalf of
BONDHOLDERS in bond issue
10.00 per cent Norse Energy Corp. ASA Open Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2005/2010

[NEC01]

Ruseløkkveien 26, P.0. Box 1400 Vika, N-0115 Oslo, Norway Tel: +47 210 210 00 Fax: +47 210 210 01

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1. INTERPRETATION....................................................................................................... 3 2. CONSENT TO DEMERGER............................................................................................ 4 3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT........................................................................................... 4 4. EFFECTIVE DATE........................................................................................................ 5 5. LAW AND JURISDICTION............................................................................................. 5

[NEC01]

Cy-"

THIS AGREEMENT (the "Amendment Agreement No. 1") is entered into on 30 June, 2010.

BETWEEN:

(1)

NORSE ENERGY CORP. ASA (Company No. 979 441 002) as borrower (the "Existing

Borrower");

(2)

PANORO ENERGY ASA (Company No. 994 051 067)("New Borrower") ; and

(3)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA (Company No. 963 342 624), as loan trustee on behalf of

certain bondholders (the "Loan Trustee").

WHEREAS:

(A)

Under the terms and conditions of a bond loan agreement ISIN NO 001 027594.4 dated

8 July, 2005 (the "Original Loan Agreement"), the Existing Borrower has issued a bond

loan in a principal amount of NOK 286,500,000 for the purposes set out therein (the

"NECOl Loan").

(B)

The Borrower has also issued a series of bond loans under the following bond loan

agreements (i) ISIN NO 001 031750.6/ISIN NO 001 031754.8 (the "NEC02 Loan

Agreement"), (ii) ISIN NO 001 048154.2 (the "NEC03 Loan Agreement"), (iii) ISIN

NO 001 046035.5 (the "NEC04 Loan Agreement"), and (iv) ISIN NO 001 047907.4 (the

"NEC05 Loan Agreement" and together with the NEC02 Loan Agreement, the NEC03

Loan Agreement and the NEC04 Loan Agreement, the "Other Loan Agreements").

(C)

The NEC02 Loan Agreement, the NEC03 Loan Agreement, the NEC04 Loan Agreement

and the NEC05 Loan Agreement are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "NEHI

Loan Agreements" and the Loans under and as defined in each of the NEHI Loan

Agreements are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "NEHI Loans".

(D)

On 8 June 2010 the Existing Borrower completed a transaction (the "Restructuring")

whereby the Existing Borrower demerged and inter alia transferred to the New Borrower

(i) all the Existing Borrower's shares in Norse Energy do Brasil S.A ("NEdB"), (ii) all

intercompany loans from the Existing Borrower to NEdB or the subsidiaries of NEdB and

(iii) the Existing Borrower's obligations under the NECOl Loan Agreement. The shares in

the New Borrower are listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. A minimum of USD 10 million in

cash (less any cash contributions from the Existing Borrower to Norse Energy Holdings

Inc. prior to the demerger) has been retained by the Existing Borrower in the demerger.

(E)

In connection with the Restructuring but subject to the terms and the satisfaction of the

conditions set forth herein (i) the parties have agreed to make certain amendments to the

Original Loan Agreement by way of entering into this Amendment Agreement No. 1,

which amends and restates the Original Loan Agreement in the form set out in Schedule 2

(the "Amended and Restated Loan Agreement") and (ii) the Cross-Group Balances

shall be cancelled.

THE PARTIES HAVE AGREED as follows:

1.

INTERPRETATION

Terms and definitions used in this Amendment Agreement No. 1 shall have the same meaning as set out in the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement unless otherwise set out herein.
"Cross Group Balances" means any and all intercompany balances and other obligations (contingent or otherwise) owed from the New Borrower or any of its subsidiaries to the Existing Borrower and/or any of the U.S. Subsidiaries, and from the Existing Borrower and/or any of the U.S. Subsidiaries to New Borrower and/or any of its subsidiaries.

[NECOl]

"Restructuring Date" means the date on which the Loan Trustee confirms to the Existing Borrower that each of the conditions in Clause 3 (Conditions Precedent) of this Amendment Agreement No. 1 are satisfied.

2.

WAIVER OF JOINT LIABILITY

With effect from the demerger of the Existing Borrower the New Borrower assumes all obligations as Borrower under the NEC01 Loan as provided for in the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and with effect from the Restructuring Date the Loan Trustee (acting on behalf of the bondholders) hereby waives the post demerger joint payment liability of the Existing Borrower as a matter of law (cf. the Public Limited Companies Act Section 14-11 (3)).
The Loan Trustee shall have the right to verify that the cash has been provided in the demerger as specified in the Recitals to this Amendment Agreement No. 1.

3.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

This Amendment Agreement No. 1 is conditional upon:

(a) the Loan Trustee having received, originals or certified copies of:

(i)

the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement signed by a person or persons

duly authorized to do so on behalf of the New Borrower;

(ii) amendment agreements and amended and restated loan agreements with respect to each of the Other Loan Agreements;

(iii) the guarantees and security documents in Schedule 5 ("Security Documents") signed by a person or persons duly authorized to do so on behalf of the New Borrower and (as applicable) its Subsidiaries), together with any documents, certificates and instruments reasonably required by the Loan Trustee in order to perfect the security interests granted pursuant to the Security Documents;

(iv) necessary corporate resolutions authorising the execution of this Amendment Agreement No. 1 and the documents in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above;

(v) opinions satisfactory to the Loan Trustee including opinions as to corporate authority and capacity and enforceability of this Amendment Agreement No. 1 and the documents in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above and, where applicable, perfection of security;

(vi) unless the Loan Trustee does not require it, a satisfactory no registration opinion from U.S. counsel to the Existing Borrower with respect to the Bonds;

(vii) the declaration of consent and confirmation set out in Schedule 6 (the "Consent") signed by a person or persons duly authorized to do so on behalf of each of the shareholders in Norse Energy do Brasil S.A.;

(viii) satisfactory evidence that no defaults or events of default exist under the Original Loan Agreement; and

(xii) Delivery to the Loan Trustee of evidence satisfactory to it that, during the period starting on the date of the Bondholders' meeting approving this Amendment Agreement No. 1 (the "Approval Date") and ending on the Restructuring Date:

[NEC01]

(A) there have been no changes to the corporate structure of NEdB or its Subsidiaries (for the sake of clarity, pro rata issuances of shares to existing shareholders shall not be regarded as a change in corporate structure);

(B) no insolvency events have occurred with respect to the Borrower or NEdB or any of its Subsidiaries;

(C) there have been no material sales of assets of NEdB or its Subsidiaries; and

(D) no additional Financial Indebtedness has been incurred by NEdB or its Subsidiaries, other than Financial Indebtedness that would have been permitted under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement had it been in effect from the Approval Date,

in each case unless the consent of the Loan Trustee (following consultation with the Bondholders) has been given;

(b) the Existing Borrower having paid the expenses of the Loan Trustee as provided for in Schedule 1;

(c) the Restructuring Date having occurred by 30 June 2010; and

(d) the Existing Borrower having provided the Loan Trustee with satisfactory evidence that the demerger provided for in the recitals to this Amendment Agreement No. 1 is registered as set in force by the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises and that the transactions set out in items (i), (ii) and (iii) of Recital (D) and item (i) of Recital (E) of this Amendment Agreement No. 1 have been consummated.

4.

EFFECTIVE DATE

With effect from the Restructuring Date the Original Loan Agreement will be amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. From such date the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement shall supersede the Original Loan Agreement.

5.

LAW AND JURISDICTION

(a) This Amendment Agreement No. 1 shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Norway.
(b) Each of the parties hereto consents to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Norwegian courts, the venue to be Oslo District Court (in Norwegian: "Oslo tingrett").

[NEC01]

This Amendment Agreement No. 1 has been signed by duly authorised representatives of the parties hereto having the power to enter into, perform and deliver the same, and each party has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Amendment Agreement No. 1.

For and on behalf of NORSE ENERGY CORP. ASA

For and on behalf of NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

Name with block letters

For and on behalf of PANORO ENERGY ASA

Name with block letters

[NEC01]

Execution Version ISIN NO 001 027594.4
AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT between
Panoro Energy ASA (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA on behalf of Bondholders in bond issue
12.00/13.5 per cent Brasil Energy ASA Open Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2009/2011 and 2012
[NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

6

3 Listing

7

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

7

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

7

6. Conditions Precedent

8

7 Representations and Warranties

8

8 Status of the Loan

9

9 Interest

9

10 Maturity of the Loan

10

11 Interest in the event of late payment

10

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

11

13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan

11

14 Fees and expenses

14

15 [Intentionally omitted]

16 Events of Default

15

17 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

17

18 Procedural rules

18

19 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

21

20 Change of Loan Trustee

21

21 Limitation

21

22 Eligible receivers and transfer restrictions

21

23 Notices

22

24 Dispute resolution and legal venue

23

2 [NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This amended and restated loan agreement (the "Loan Agreement") was entered into on 30 June, 2010 between the Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as Loan Trustee.
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
* The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
* The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders' subscription been granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Amendment Agreement:

The Amendment Agreement entered into between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee on 30 June, 2010 concerning the Loan.

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can cany out foreign currency transactions.

Bondholders:

the holders of the Bonds

Bonds:

means the bonds issued by the Borrower pursuant to this Loan Agreement, each a "Bond".

Borrower:

Panoro Energy ASA, a Norwegian limited liability company with registration No 994 051 067..

Norse:

Norse Energy Corp. ASA, Company No 979 441 002, previously named Northern Oil ASA, Company No 979 441 002, but renamed.

Borrower's Bonds:

means Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower, including Bonds held by any direct or indirect holding company or subsidiary of the Borrower, or

3 [NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmami ASA

any affiliate or director of officer and associates of such persons as well as any company or consolidated group owning, directly or indirectly, more than 1/3 of the voting shares in the Borrower.

Change of Control:

with respect to any entity shall include, without limitation, any person (or group of related persons or persons acting in concert) directly or indirectly owning 50% or more of the shares in, or voting control over, that entity, with the exemption for entities controlled by Sector.

Coplex:

shall mean Coplex Petroleo do Brasil Ltda.

Disbursement Date:

shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 6.3.

Distribution:

means, in respect of any person, the declaration or payment of any dividends or other distributions on any share capital, warrants, options or other equity interests of such person (whether in cash or in kind), or the purchase, acquisition or other redemption of any share capital, warrants, options or other equity interests of such person; provided that issuances of subscription rights and bonus issues of shares shall not constitute Distributions.

Financial Indebtedness:

shall mean indebtedness with respect to monies borrowed, bond notes, debentures, financial leases and similar transactions.

Group:

shall mean the Borrower, NEdB, RdC and Coplex.

Intercompany Debt Pledge: shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 8.1

Lien:

shall mean any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similareffect.

Loan:

shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 2.1.

Loan Documents:

shall mean the Loan Agreement, the Amendment Agreement, the Security Documents and any otherdocument designated as such by the Borrower (or any other member of the Group) and the Loan Trustee.

Loan Outstanding:

means the Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

Manati Interest:

means the 10% (ten per cent) interest of the concession license under the Concession Agreement number 48000.003518/97-82.

4
[NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsnianii ASA

Manati Joint Operating Agreement:

means the agreement together with the exhibits and any extension, renewal or amendment that establishes the operations and activities carried out by the Operator, the costs of which are chargeable to all signatory parties of the Concession Agreement number 48000.003518/97-82.

NEdB:

shall mean Norse Energy do Brasil S.A.

NEHI Bonds:

shall mean:

(i)

the bonds originally issued by the Borrower and

initially described as the 6.5 per cent Norse

Energy Corp. ASA Bond Issue 2006/2011 (ISIN

NO 001 031750.6) (as amended and modified

from time to time);

(ii) the bonds originally issued by the Borrower and initially described as the Fixed Norse Energy Corp. ASA Open USD Bond Issue 2008/2010 (ISIN NO 001 048154.2) (as amended and modified from time to time);

(iii) the bonds originally issued by the Borrower and initially described as the 11.5 per cent Norse Energy Corp. ASA Callable Open Bond Issue 2008/2012 (ISIN NO 001 046035.5) (as amended and modified from time to time); and

(iv) the bonds originally issued by the Borrower and initially described as the 10.707 per cent Norse Energy Corp. ASA Callable Open Bond Issue 2008/2012 (ISIN NO 001 047907.4) (as amended and modified from time to time).

Outstanding Intercompany

Amount:

shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 13.1(1).

Payment Date:

in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal; If the Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day

RdC:

shall mean Rio das Contas Produtora de Petroleo S.A.

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.

5 [NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Restructuring Date:

means the date when this Loan Agreement enters into force as provided for in the Amendment Agreement.

Sector:

Sector Asset Management and entities under its direct control.

Securities Depository:

The securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirregisteret ("VPS").

Securities Depository act: The Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Security Documents: Share Pledge: Subsidiary:
2 The Loan

shall mean any document evidencing or creating the Share Pledge and/or the Intercompany Loan Pledge, and any other document evidencing or creating security over any assets of a member of the Group as security for any of the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement.
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 8.1.
means, with respect to any person, any company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity (a "Person") of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of shares of stock or other ownership interests is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that person or a combination thereof. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to a "Subsidiary" shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of the Borrower.

2.1 The Borrower has issued Bonds in the principal amount of NOK 286,500,000 (Norwegian kroner two hundred eighty six million five hundred thousand), herein referred to as the "Loan".
The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 1 each and rank pari passu.

The Loan will be described as 12.00/13.5 per cent Brasil Energy ASA Open Senior Secured Bond Issue 2005/2011 and 2012.
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be: NO 001 027594.4.
The term of the Loan is 13 July 2005 to 13 July 2012.

6 [NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The net proceeds of the Loan will be used to finance a major part of the acquisition of 3 offshore licenses (10 % and 18,33 %) in the Camamu and Almada Basin, Brazil, as well as participating in the drilling of 5 exploration wells in these offshore licenses. The Borrower may also use part of the proceeds to expand its US activities.
This Loan Agreement is a restated loan agreement where the obligations in clauses 4, 6 and 7.1 are deemed to have been complied with.
2.2 All tranches under the Loan will be subject to identical terms in all respects. The rights and obligations of all parties to the loan also apply for later issues made within the maximum amount of the Loan.
The Loan Trustee will on the issuing of additional tranches make an addendum to the Loan Agreement regulating the conditions precedent to disbursement of the relevant tranche.
3 Listing
3.1 The Loan is listed on Oslo Bars.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to the Loan Documents and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of his obligations under the Loan Documents, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Documents, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are earned out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to the Loan Documents, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Bondholders' representative, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and

7 [NEC01]

Q ---

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
- provided the Loan is listed, inform Oslo Børs of circumstances which are of importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards Oslo Børs after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholders' representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Documents.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Documents. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
6. Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least three Banking days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly signed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and sign the Loan Agreement,
(c) certified copies of the Articles of Association of the Borrower and documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(d) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by Oslo Børs, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian Law,
(e) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(f) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1, and
(g) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly signed.
6.2 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to the above.
6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the Loan will be made available to the Borrower on a day agreed by the Borrower and the Loan Trustee (the "Disbursement Date"). The Disbursement Date for the Loan was 13 July 2005.
7 Representations and Warranties
8 [NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsniami ASA
7.1 The Borrower shall represent and warrant that:
(a) all documents and information, including the term sheet and loan description in connection with this Loan presents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower which could have a material adverse change on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Loan Agreement,
(b) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid and
(c) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan
8.1 The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents shall be secured by:
(a) a first priority pledge under Brazilian law in the shares in NEdB held by the Borrower from time to time (which, as of the date of this Agreement represent 70% of the total outstanding shares in NEdB) (the "NEdB Share Pledge"); and
(b) a first priority pledge under Norwegian law of all indebtedness owed to the Borrower by NEdB from time to time (the "Intercompany Debt Pledge").
The Borrower's payment obligations under the Loan shall rank pari passu with other existing unsecured senior debt of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan (i) at a fixed rate of 10.00 per cent per annum from the disbursement date to the Restructuring Date, and (ii) at a fixed rate of 12.00 per cent per annum from the Restructuring Date until 13 July 2010. Thereafter, the Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan at a fixed rate of 13.50 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made quarterly in arrears on the 13th of each July, October, January and April, with the first interest payment date being 13 July 2010.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, unless

9

[NEC01]

&

Norsk Tillitsniann ASA

a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or
b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Prepayment

10.1 (a)

The Loan will run without installments, except that an aggregate principal

amount of NOK

of the Loan shall mature and be due and payable

on 13 July 2011, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. Any

remaining portion of the Loan shall mature and be due and payable on 13 July

2012, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon.

(b) An aggregate principal amount of NOK 42 975 000 of the Loan shall be redeemed within 14 days following the Restructuring Date at par (100%) plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon.

10.2 The Borrower has the right to redeem the Bonds at any time at the Call Price plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. As used in this Clause 10.2, "Call Price" shall mean 108% of principal amount in the first year following the Restructuring Date, and subsequently thereafter shall be 106% of principal amount.

10.3 Prepayment
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control or a sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Group, the Borrower shall, within 10 Banking Days of the Change of Control or, as applicable, upon completion of such sale, make an offer (and consummate acceptances) to redeem all of the outstanding Bonds at a price equal to (i) in the case of a Change of Control, 102% of the face amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, and (ii) in the case of a sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Group, 100% of the face amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest.
11 Interest in the event of late payment

11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Interest Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus an additional 5,00 percentage points per annum.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 16.1(a), cf. Clauses 16.2 - 16.4.

10 [NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmnmi ASA
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 16 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of his own accord send to the Loan Trustee annual reports as soon as they are available,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Oslo Børs (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Documents, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) at all times after 31 March 2011, maintain book equity of minimum USD 14,000,000,
(h) at all times after 31 March 2011, maintain total equity of as least 30 per cent of Capital Employed (where "Capital Employed" is defined as the Borrower's total equity plus interest bearing debt, including financial instruments that have the commercial effect of a borrowing, including guarantees and leasing commitments),
(i) (i) not make or declare any Distributions and (ii) procure that NEdB does not make or declare any Distributions to any shareholder other than the Borrower until the Outstanding Intercompany Amount is zero,
(j) not provide guarantees or other credit support to, or make investments in, any person or entity outside the Group, except that the Borrower may:
(i) make investments in an amount equivalent (with a 1-1 ratio) to the proceeds of new equity issuances by the Borrower, provided that the Borrower has, within 5 Banking Days of the equity issuance, sent the Loan
11 [NEC01]

Norsk l illitsmaim ASA
Trustee a notice with details on the equity proceeds applied and confirming that such equity proceeds have not been otherwise allocated or applied,
(ii) provide credit support and guarantees in an amount equivalent (with a 1-1 ratio) to the proceeds of new equity issuances by the Borrower, provided that the Borrower has, within 5 Banking Days of the equity issuance, sent the Loan Tmstee a notice with details on the equity proceeds applied and confirming that such equity proceeds have not been otherwise allocated or applied, and
(iii) provide guarantees in connection with the refinancing of existing bank debt of the Group or bank debt of the Group permitted under this Loan Agreement,
(k) not incur or agree to incur or have outstanding any Financial Indebtedness or Liens, except for:
(i) Financial Indebtedness and Liens outstanding on the date of the Amendment Agreement; and
(ii) Financial Indebtedness incurred to refinance the Financial Indebtedness permitted under clause (k)(i) above (including any refinancing of the Group's existing bank facilities) and Liens securing such Financial Indebtedness,
(l) procure that it is at all times owed, by other members of the Group, senior debt, payable on demand, in a net aggregate amount not less than (A) US$50.0 million minus (B) the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed under this Loan Agreement after the Restructuring Date (the "Outstanding Intercompany Amount"),
(m) raise not less than US$25 million of net proceeds from equity issuances after the Restructuring Date and prior to 31 March 2011,
(n) not make any material changes to the nature of the Group's existing business (it being acknowledged that this Clause 13.1(n) shall not prohibit expansion of the Group's core oil and gas business), provided that this Clause 13.1(n) shall not prohibit:
(i) a sale of shares in a member of the Group; or
(ii) a sale of all or part of the Manati Interest,
(o) not enter into any new intercompany loans from any of the Subsidiaries to the Borrower, except to the extent the proceeds are used to make scheduled payments on the Bonds under this Loan Agreement,
(p) not provide any new intercompany loans from the Borrower to any of its Subsidiaries except to the extent such loans are subject to a first priority pledge to secure the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents,
12 [NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(q) in the event of an asset disposal (license or shares) of the Manati Interest, or the shares in Rio das Contas Produtora de Petroleo S.A ("RdC"), or a liquidation of RdC:
(i) apply the cash proceeds generated (net after taxes and reasonable transaction costs under the circumstances) in the following order (the "Waterfall Structure"):
1) to the repayment of any existing or refinanced bank debt and (except on a sale of the RdC shares) other outstanding debt at the RdC level,
2) to the repayment of the Outstanding Intercompany Amount of intercompany loans owed to the Borrower by other members of the Group, and
3) to payments to the shareholders of NEdB on a pro rata basis (for the avoidance of doubt, under the current shareholder structure such payments would be made 70% to the Borrower and 30% to Sector),
(ii) undertake to procure that the relevant Subsidiaries shall repay the debt as set out in clause (q)(i) above as soon as possible upon receipt of proceeds, and
(iii) within 5 Banking Days of receipt, apply all proceeds received by it under the Waterfall Structure (whether as a result of repayment of intercompany loans or dividends) to an offer to prepay the Bonds at par plus accrued and unpaid interest,
(r) ensure that the obligations under the Bonds (and any related guarantees) shall not be subordinated to any other indebtedness of the Borrower other than indebtedness preferred by operation of law;
(s) deliver (or procure that RdC delivers) to the Loan Trustee for distribution to the Bondholders, at the same time as delivered to the Group's bank lenders, any financial information and reports delivered to the Group's bank lenders from time to time,
(t) not create or permit to exist any Lien over any indebtedness owed to the Borrower by Coplex or RdC,
(u) procure that RdC does not establish any new Subsidiaries,
(v) procure that RdC does not consolidate with or merge with any other person, other than a merger with NEdB and/or Coplex (provided that upon the occurrence of such a merger each of the provisions of this Loan Agreement relating to RdC will continue to apply to any successor of RdC),
(w) procure that RdC does not enter into any related party transactions or transactions not on arm's length terms,
13
[NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmsuin ASA
(x) procure that RdC does not provide guarantees or other credit support to, or make investments in, any entity that is not a member of the Group,
(y) procure that RdC does not incur or agree to incur or have outstanding any Financial Indebtedness or Liens other than
(i) existing Financial Indebtedness and Liens, including Financial Indebtedness under and Liens securing the Group's existing bank facilities,
(ii) Financial Indebtedness incurred to refinance the Group's existing bank facilities and Liens securing such Financial Indebtedness, and
(iii) Financial Indebtedness and Liens incurred to cover NEdB's share of investments in Manati according to the Manati Joint Operating Agreement, provided that the amount of such Financial Indebtedness shall not exceed 60% of the book value of such investments from time to time,
(z) procure that NEdB does not create or permit to exist any Lien over shares representing more than 30% of the shares it owns in each of RdC and Coplex, with exemption for the current Lien in the shares securing the Group's existing bank facilities, and
(aa) procure that each member of the Group delivers an undertaking in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee providing that any payments with respect to intercompany loans owed to the Borrower will be directed to a bank account that is pledged in favor of the Trustee acting on behalf of the Bondholders,
(bb) ensure that Panoro EnergyASA shall apply for listing of 100% of its equity on Oslo Børs or another exchange approved by the Loan Trustee;
(cc).
13.2 The Borrower shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting subject to Clause 17:
(a) cease to cany on its business, or
(b) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature of its business which might jeopardise the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement provided however that this covenant shall not limit the ability to effect transactions provided for and in accordance with Clauses 13.1 (n) and (q) above.
14 Fees, expenses and indemnities
14.1 The Bonower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14
[NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on Oslo Bors (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and nomial expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
14.5 The Borrower shall indemnify:
(a) the Bondholders (on demand by the Loan Trustee) against any loss incurred as a result of the occurrence of any event of default;
(b) the Loan Trustee on demand against any cost or loss incurred as a result of the occurrence of any event of default; and
(c) the Bondholders and the Loan Trustee (on demand by the Loan Trustee) against any cost, loss or liability incurred as a result of a failure by the Borrower or any guarantor to pay any amount due on its date.
14.6 The Borrower shall pay costs and expenses (including legal fees) reasonably incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, and perfection of the amendment and restatement of the Existing Loan Agreement and any related documents (whether executed prior to or after the date of the restated Loan Agreement) and any amendment, waiver, or consent requested by the Borrower or any guarantor.
15 [Intentionally Omitted]
16 Events of Default
16.1 The Loan will be deemed to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Loan Documents; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
15 [NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmami ASA
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under the Loan Documents and such failure is not remedied within 10 ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) any other loan indebtedness of, or assumed or guaranteed by, the Borrower exceeding a total of NOK 100 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies - has become repayable prior to the due date thereof as a result of acceleration of maturity caused by an occurrence of any event of default thereunder,
(d) the Borrower shall enter into a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, composition or insolvency proceeding, or become insolvent, or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place, or a substantial part of the Borrowers assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint or
(e) the Borrower has presented the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders with incorrect or incomplete information, which has, or can have significant consequences for the Borrower's obligations, and ability to comply with such, in accordance with the Loan Documents.
16.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 16.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan.
16.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 16.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) The Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Loan Outstanding, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.
16.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 16.2 or 16.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
16 [NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmonn ASA
16.5 Subject to Clause 16.6, the individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his Bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16.6 The operation of Clause 16.5 shall be temporarily suspended from the Restructuring Date such that each individual Bondholder shall have the right (exercisable with the approval of a majority of the Bondholders voting at a Bondholders' meeting, or Bondholders representing a majority of the Outstanding Loan where such approval is not given at a Bondholders' meeting) to seek to collect its debt individually upon the occurrence of an Event of Default.
Clause 16.5 shall be automatically reinstated upon (i) an enactment by Stoitinget (the Norwegian parliament) of a law that expressly provides the Loan Trustee with standing to represent the holders of the Bonds in court proceedings in Norway, or (ii) the Loan Trustee being satisfied that, by virtue of a ruling of the Norwegian Supreme Court, it has standing to represent the Bondholders in court proceedings in Norway.
17 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
17.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
17.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 17.1 d), provided that:
(a) the changes in the Borrower's corporate structure are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Documents, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Documents.
17
[NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Documents as mentioned in Clause 17.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Documents that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
17.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
17.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - Oslo Børs shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 17.1 and 17.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
18 Procedural rules
18.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Loan Outstanding or
(c) Oslo Bors - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) The Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
18.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 18.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Loan Outstanding.
18 [NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 18.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Børs have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 18.3.
18.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - Oslo Børs for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Documents has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Loan Outstanding agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 19 to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
18.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
18.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - Oslo Børs have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
19
[NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
18.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 18.3 serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, Borrower's Bonds shall be deemed not to be outstanding for purposes of any resolution, waiver, approval, or consent, whether taken at a meeting of the holders of the Bonds or otherwise
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
18.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Loan Outstanding must be represented, see however Clause 19.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Loan Outstanding, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the Bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/10 or more of the Loan Outstanding, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 18.8.
18.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Documents.
18.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Documents shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
20 [NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
19 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
19.1 In the event that less than 2/10 of the Loan Outstanding are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Loan Outstanding are represented.
20 Change of Loan Trustee
20.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1(a) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and Oslo Børs - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and Oslo Børs - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
20.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, Oslo Børs may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Documents, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
20.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Documents. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Documents.
21 Limitation
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.
22 Eligible receivers and transfer restrictions
22.1 The Bonds are amended and restated under this Loan Agreement as part of the restructuring agreed between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee (acting on behalf of bondholders pursuant to a resolution in a Bondholders' meeting on 17 December 2009 based on the Summons of 9 December 2009 issued by the Loan Trustee) (the "Restructuring"), and are restated to the Bondholders under the Original Loan Agreement that are registered with the VPS on the Restructuring Date, all of whom, to
21 [NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
the best of the Borrower's knowledge, meet the following criteria: (1) with respect to Bondholders that are "U.S. persons" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or are in the United States, these persons are "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or "Accredited Investors" within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), or (7) under the Securities Act; and (2) with respect to all other Bondholders, such Bondholders are not located in Canada, Japan or Australia.
22.2 Bondholders will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (b) in a transaction exempt from registration under, or not subject to the registration requirements of, the Securities Act.
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.
Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder who has purchased the Bonds in violation of this Clause 24.2 may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Loan Agreement.
22.3 To the best of the Borrower's knowledge, the Bondholders have consented to the Restructuring on a non-solicitation basis, and the Restructuring does not represent an offer from the Borrower or the Guarantor to issue and sell any new securities.
22.4 Bondholders are hereby made aware that information on the Parent as guarantor for all of the Borrower's obligations under the Loan Agreement is available at the Parent's website www.norseenergy.com, and that Information meeting the requirements under Rule 144A(d) (4) can also be obtained by contacting the Borrower and representing that the person making such request is (i) a bondholder or (ii) a prospective bondholder that (in the case of this clause (ii)) is a QIB or an "Accredited Investor" within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act.
23 Notices
All notices from the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders to the Borrower shall be sent by e-mail with a copy that is either hand delivered, sent by certified mail, or equivalent, or sent to and received by fax to the Borrower's main office identified below (or such other office notified to the Loan Trustee in writing from time to time) with a copy to the Borrower-:s CEO at the last home address notified to the Loan Trustee in writing.
Address of the Borrower for notices:
Panoro Energy ASADronning Maudsgate 3 P.O. Box 1885 Vika 0124 Oslo Norway Tel: +47 23 01 10 00 Fax:+47 23 01 10 19
Attention: Chief Financial Officer
24 Dispute resolution and legal venue
22 [NEC01]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
24.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
24.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.

Oslo, 30 June, 2010

Panoro EnergyASA Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

23 [NEC01]

