ISIN NO 001071521.2
SECOND AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT dated 31 May 2018
to the
BOND AGREEMENT
between
Latina Offshore Holding Limited (Issuer)
and
Nordic Trustee AS (Bond Trustee)
on behalf of
the Bondholders
in the bond issue
10 per cent Latina Offshore Holding Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016 with step up

2/8

THIS SECOND AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") has been entered into on 31 May 2018 by and between:

(1)

LATINA OFFSHORE HOLDING LIMITED, a company existing under the laws of

Bermuda with registration number 48193 (the "Issuer");

(2)

CONSTRUCTORA Y PERFORADORA LATINA S.A. DE C.V., a company existing under

the laws of Mexico with registration number CPL801111PS2 (the "Parent");

(3)

LATINA MODULAR HOLDING LIMITED, a company existing under the laws of

Bermuda with registration number 49338 ("Modular Holdco");

(4)

LATINA MODULAR 01 LIMITED, a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with

registration number 49339 ("Rigco", and together with the Modular Holdco, the

"Obligors"); and

(5)

NORDIC TRUSTEE AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624 (the "Bond Trustee").

The Issuer and the Bond Trustee are together referred to as the "Parties" and each a "Party".

1.

BACKGROUND

1.1

Pursuant to a bond loan agreement originally dated 30 July 2014, as amended by a first

amendment agreement dated 24 August 2015 and a second amendment agreement dated 5

September 2016 and as amended and restated by a first amendment and restatement

agreement dated 28 February 2017, the Issuer has issued a bond loan named "Latina

Offshore Holding 14/18 ADJ USD C" with ISIN NO 001071521.2 (the "Bond Issue").

1.2

The Issuer and the Bond Trustee have been in discussions with an ad-hoc group of

Bondholders, such ad-hoc group of Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Voting

Bonds ("Ad-Hoc Group").

1.3

Pursuant to a written resolution approved by the Bondholders on or about the date hereof,

the Bondholders have approved certain amendments to the Bond Agreement in

accordance with a notice of written bondholders' resolution dated 3 April 2018 (the

"Written Resolution").

1.4

This Agreement, together with the second amended and restated bond agreement

attached as Schedule 2 (Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement) hereto (the

"Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement"), sets out the amendments to the

Bond Agreement approved by the Bondholders through the Written Resolution.

2.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

2.1

In this Agreement:

"Effective Date" shall mean the date on which the Bond Trustee notifies the Issuer in writing that it has received all the documents and other evidence required as conditions

3/8

precedent set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions Precedent) in form and substance satisfactory to it.

2.2 Terms defined in the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement shall, unless expressly defined herein or otherwise required by the context, have the same meaning in this Agreement.

2.3

The provisions of Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Second Amended and Restated Bond

Agreement apply to this Agreement as though they were set out herein in their entirety,

except that references to the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement shall be

construed as references to this Agreement and Schedule 2 (Second Amended and Restated

Bond Agreement) to this Agreement and any other logical adjustments required to be

made.

3.

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT

3.1

The Parties agree that with effect from the Effective Date, the Bond Agreement shall be

supplemented and amended and restated by this Agreement, so that it shall then be in

effect in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement)

hereto.

3.2

Reference to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as

reference to the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement following the Effective

Date.

4.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

4.1

The amendment and restatement of the Bond Agreement pursuant to Clause 3

(Amendment and restatement) are subject to the Bond Trustee having received all the

documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions precedent) hereto in form

and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, unless (save for item 12 therein) waived by

the Bond Trustee in its absolute discretion. The Bond Trustee shall notify the Issuer

promptly upon being so satisfied.

4.2 If the conditions in Clause 4.1 above have not been fulfilled or waived by the Bond Trustee by 25 April 2018 or such later date agreed to by the Bond Trustee in consultation with or upon instruction from the Ad-Hoc Group, then this Agreement shall become null and void and neither of the Parties shall have any rights against the other Party hereunder.

5.

REPRESENTATIONS

The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (i) on the date of this Agreement and (ii) on the Effective Date by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing.

4/8

6.

GUARANTEE AND SECURITY CONFIRMATION

6.1 Each of the Issuer, the Parent, and the Obligors confirms and agrees that as of the Effective Date, any undertaking, Guarantee or Security (as applicable) granted by it pursuant to any Finance Document shall continue in full force and effect and shall extend to the liabilities and the obligations of the Issuer under the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents (as applicable and subject to such express limitations as may be set out in each such Finance Document).

6.2 Except as expressly modified by this Agreement, all the terms and provisions of the Security Documents shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by the parties hereto and thereto.

7.

COSTS AND EXPENSES

7.1 Clause 14 (Fees and expenses) of the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Agreement.

7.2 Further, the Issuer shall pay all costs and expenses relating to or incurred in connection with the Written Resolutions and this Agreement, including properly incurred legal fees of the Ad-Hoc Group (in accordance with the terms of the relevant letter of engagement dated 22 February 2018) and the Bond Trustee, provided that such legal fees shall be supported by a schedule of hours incurred and the hourly rates charged, in the standard form of the relevant legal adviser.

8.

MISCELLANOUS

8.1

This Agreement is a Finance Document for the purpose of the Second Amended and

Restated Bond Agreement.

8.2 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Agreement.

8.3 The provisions of clause 18.6 (Notices, contact information), clause 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) and clause 18.8 (Process Agent) of the Second Amended and Restated Bond Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Agreement.

8.4 The Bond Trustee shall in connection with the implementation of the terms of this Agreement be entitled to consult with the Ad-Hoc Group and its and their legal counsel, and shall furthermore be authorised to rely on instructions on any implementation measure from Bondholders holding more than 2/3 of the Voting Bonds.
** *

6/8

SCHEDULE 1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

1.

This Agreement. This Agreement, with the Second Amended and Restated Bond

Agreement attached, duly executed by the parties hereto.

2.

The Issuer shall ensure that it pays all costs and expenses relating to or incurred in

connection with the Written Resolutions and this Agreement, including the legal fees of

the Ad-Hoc Group (in accordance with the terms of the relevant letter of engagement dated

22 February 2018) and the Bond Trustee.

3.

Constitutional documents. Certified copies of the constitutional documents of the

Parent, the Issuer and each Obligor, including a certificate of incorporation or similar

document and articles of association.

4.

Corporate resolutions. Certified copies of all corporate resolutions (including shareholder

resolutions, if required) required for the Parent, the Issuer and each Obligor to execute this

Agreement and where applicable, to ratify any other Finance Document to which it is a

party.

5.

Power of attorney. If not included in the corporate resolutions above, where applicable, a

power of attorney from the relevant entities to authorise the relevant persons to ratify the

relevant Finance Documents or extracts from registers or any other documentation

evidencing such persons' authority to sign on behalf of the relevant entity.

6.

Certificate. A certificate of an authorised signatory of the Issuer confirming that no Event

of Default has occurred or will occur as a result of the amendment and restatement of the

Bond Agreement (other than any default which will be cured through the amendments set

out herein).

7.

Costs and expenses. Evidence that all costs and expenses payable under this Agreement

have been paid or will be paid no later than the Effective Date.

8.

Security Documents. Evidence that the ratification agreements in relation to the

following Security Documents have been duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto

(including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents):

(a)

the Mexican Trust;

(b)

the Rigco Assignment of Insurance together with the Rigco Assignment of

Intercompany Lease; and

(c)

the Rig Floating Lien.

9.

Parent Modular Earnings Account. Evidence that the Parent Modular Earnings Account

has been blocked as well as evidence that the amendment agreement in relation to the

Parent Modular Earnings Account Pledge has been duly executed by all parties thereto

(including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents).

7/8

10. Budget. The Budget having been delivered to the Bond Trustee.

11. Release Request. The form of the Release Request having been agreed.

12. Legal opinions. The following legal opinions addressed to the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders:

(i)

a legal opinion from Garza Tello & Asociados S.C. in respect of Mexican law; and

(ii)

a legal opinion from Wakefield Quin Limited in respect of Bermudan law,

such legal opinion(s) should, among other things, specifically confirm that (a) upon the conditions in Clause 4.1 being fulfilled, the obligations expressed to be assumed by each of the Issuer, the Parent, and the Obligors under any undertaking, Guarantee or Security (as applicable) granted by it pursuant to any and all Finance Documents shall continue to be in full force and effect; (b) that all corporate actions required to authorise the execution by each of the Issuer, the Parent, and the Obligors of the Finance Documents to which it is a party to have been taken and each of the Finance Document has been duly executed by or on behalf of the relevant entity and each and every Finance Document shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.

13. Ad-Hoc Group. Confirmation from legal counsel to the Ad-Hoc Group that it is satisfied that the documents and evidence set out in paragraphs 1 to 12 above have been duly provided by the Issuer and are in a form that is satisfactory to the Ad-Hoc Group, provided that the Ad-Hoc Group holds more than two-thirds of the Voting Bonds.

14. Other. Any other documents or evidence that the Bond Trustee may reasonably require.

8/8
SCHEDULE 2 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT

FINAL
ISIN NO 001071521.2
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT
between Latina Offshore Holding Limited
(Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee AS (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 10 per cent Latina Offshore Holding Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016 with step up

Nordic Trustee AS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 INTERPRETATION

3

2 THE BONDS

15

3 LISTING

16

4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

16

5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

16

6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

17

7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

17

8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

19

9 INTEREST

19

10 INSTALMENTS, MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

20

11 PAYMENTS

22

12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

24

13 COVENANTS

24

14 FEES AND EXPENSES

33

15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT

34

16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

37

17 THE BOND TRUSTEE

41

18 MISCELLANEOUS

43

3/54
This second amended and restated bond agreement (the "Bond Agreement") has been entered into between:

(1)

Latina Offshore Holding Limited, a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with

registration number 48193, as issuer (the "Issuer"); and

(2)

Nordic Trustee AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

This Bond Agreement amends, restates and replaces in full, with effect from the Amendment Date, the bond agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee dated 30 July 2014, as amended by an amendment agreement dated 24 August 2015 and a second amendment agreement dated 5 September 2016 (the "Original Bond Agreement") and as amended and restated by an amendment and restatement agreement dated 28 February 2017.

1

Interpretation

1.1

Definitions

In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Additional Security" means all Security provided in accordance with the provisions of Clause 8.3.

"Amendment Date" means the date on which the conditions of Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) of the Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement have been completed.

"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.

"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.

"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

"Brokers" means the rig brokers RS Platou Offshore AS and Nor-Ocean Offshore AS.

"Budget" means the budget delivered to the Bond Trustee pursuant to paragraph (iii) of Clause 13.2.2 (Miscellaneous) and which sets out, inter alia:

(i) operating expenses in an amount not exceeding USD 24,000 per day;

(ii) SG&A expenses in an amount not exceeding USD 3,000 per day; and

(iii) maintenance and repair capital expenditures in an amount not exceeding USD 600,000 per year.

4/54
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks in Oslo and New York are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo and New York.

"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day).

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.

"Change of Control Event" means an event pursuant to which the Del Valle family ceases to be the owner, directly or indirectly, of 100% of the outstanding shares and/or voting rights of the Parent.

"Construction Contract" means the construction contract dated 18 March 2014 (as amended from time to time) entered into between the Parent and the Yard for the construction of the Rig for a total consideration of USD 81,000,000.

"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:

(i)

a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or

(ii)

a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of

that other person.

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.

"Debt Level" means the total amount of interest bearing debt held by the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) as determined in accordance with IFRS, provided that Subordinated Loans shall be excluded.

"Debt Service Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, into which the Issuer shall deposit certain funds for use of payment of amortisation under the Bond Issue, pledged (but not blocked, save in case of an Event of Default) on first priority as Security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.

"Debt Service Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Debt Service Account where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.

5/54
"Excess Cash Flow" means on any Excess Cash Flow Calculation Date, all revenue generated by the Rig and proceeds from any Receivables Financing, in each case received during the Excess Cash Flow Period:
(i) less, the Relevant Deductions properly incurred in (A) the Excess Cash Flow Period ending on such Excess Cash Flow Calculation Date ("Current Relevant Deductions"); and (B) any prior Excess Cash Flow Period, where such Relevant Deductions for such period had not been paid prior to the commencement of the current Excess Cash Flow Period ("Prior Relevant Deductions");
(ii) less, the interest payment payable on the next Interest Payment Date;
(iii) less, the amortization payment payable on the next Interest Payment Date in accordance with Clause 10.1.1 (as may be increased from time to time); and
(iv) less, any funds transferred to the Debt Service Account for payment of the increase in the amortization payment payable on the second subsequent Interest Payment Date following the increase in accordance with Clause 10.1.2;
(v) less, the amount set out in the Budget in respect of the Relevant Deductions for the next Excess Cash Flow Period ("Next Relevant Deductions"),
in each case, without double counting, and provided always that in respect of the Excess Cash Flow Calculation Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date, item (iii) above shall not apply.
"Excess Cash Flow Calculation Date" means 31 January, 30 April, 31 July and 31 October in each year, save where such date is also the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Excess Cash Flow Notice" means a notice delivered by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee in the form set out in Attachment 2.
"Excess Cash Flow Period" means, in respect of each Excess Cash Flow Calculation Date, the period commencing on the day following the previous Excess Cash Flow Calculation Date, up to and including the current Excess Cash Flow Calculation Date.
"Existing Bond" means the "8.875 per cent Latina Offshore Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue" with ISIN NO 001068383.2 regulated by a bond agreement entered into between Latina Offshore Limited and Nordic Trustee AS on 11 October 2013 as amended and restated from time to time.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Finance Documents" means:
(i) this Bond Agreement;
(ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2;
(iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto);
(iv) any other document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

6/54
(v) the Parent Undertaking;
(vi) the Modular Holdco Undertaking;
(vii) the Rigco Undertaking; and
(viii) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(i) moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility);
(ii) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;
(iii) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS, be treated as a finance or capital lease;
(iv) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis and/or the Receivables Financing);
(v) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under IFRS;
(vi) any liability under a deferred purchase agreement where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;
(vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the marked-to-market value shall be taken into account);
(viii) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, (including any forward sale or purchase agreement);
(ix) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of any underlying liability; and (without double counting);
(x) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to above; and
(xi) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (ix) above.
"Financial Statements" means the annual audited reports for any financial year for (i) the Rigco on an unconsolidated basis; (ii) the Modular Holdco on a consolidated basis; (iii) the Issuer on a consolidated basis; and (iv) and the Parent on a consolidated basis, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance

7/54
sheet and cash flow statement, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports is in accordance with applicable rules and regulations.
"Fixed Rate" means the interest rate set out in Clause 9.1 for each relevant period.
"Full Mandatory Prepayment Event" means if:
(i) the Parent ceases to be the direct owner of 100% of the shares in the Issuer, save for a sale of up to 49.99% of the shares in the Issuer provided that all shares in the Issuer remain pledged under a document equivalent to the Issuer Share Charge;
(ii) the Issuer ceases to be the direct owner of 100% of the shares in the Modular Holdco;
(iii) the Modular Holdco ceases to be the direct owner of 100% of the shares in the Rigco;
(iv) the Issuer ceases to be the direct owner of 100% of the shares in Latina Offshore Limited;
(v) the Rig is sold;
(vi) an actual or constructive total loss of the Rig;
(vii) the Pemex Contract is withdrawn or in any other way terminated by Pemex or its terms are amended with a Material Adverse Effect; or
(viii) to the extent the Bonds shall be listed, if the Bonds are no longer listed as required by the Bond Agreement.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting principles, practices and standards in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Guarantees" means the corporate guarantees (in Norwegian: påkravsgaranti) granted by each of the Guarantors and "Guarantee" means any one of them.
"Guarantors" means the Modular Holdco and the Rigco and "Guarantor" means any one of them.
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, and guidelines and interpretations issued thereto by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Intercompany Lease" means a lease agreement pursuant to which the Rigco shall lease the Rig to the Parent at a rate equal to the Intercompany Lease Rate.
"Intercompany Lease Rate" means the rate of hire under the Pemex Contract, less the Relevant Deductions of the Parent.

8/54
"Intercompany Loans" means any loan provided by the Issuer to the Modular Holdco, the Rigco or the Parent, any loan provided by the Modular Holdco to the Rigco or the Issuer and any loan provided by the Rigco to the Issuer or the Modular Holdco, it being agreed that the Issuer shall ensure that any such loan is assigned on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee to secure all outstanding obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Interest Payment Date" means the 31 January, 30 April and 31 July and 31 October each year and including the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interest Reserve Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, into which the Issuer shall deposit certain funds for use of payment of interest under the Bond Issue, such account pledged and blocked on first priority as Security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Interest Reserve Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Interest Reserve Account where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited financial statements for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date for (i) the Rigco on an unconsolidated basis,;(ii) the Modular Holdco on a consolidated basis; (iii) the Issuer on an unconsolidated and consolidated basis; and (iv) the Parent on a consolidated basis, as well as a balance sheet and profit and loss accounts for the Modular Holdco on an unconsolidated basis. These unaudited financial statements shall be drawn up according to GAAP and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number ­ the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 31 July 2014.
"Issuer Account Pledges" means the Interest Reserve Account Pledge, the Debt Service Account Pledge, Issuer Liquidity Account Pledge and any other pledge on first priority over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in any bank accounts from time to time (except for the Mexican Operating Accounts).
"Issuer Assignment of Intercompany Loans" means any assignment of any Intercompany Loan granted by the Issuer to the Rigco, the Modular Holdco and the Parent (as applicable) and the Issuer's rights under the relevant agreements related thereto.
"Issuer Liquidity Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, such account pledged (but not blocked, save in case of an Event of Default) on first priority as Security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Issuer Liquidity Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Issuer Liquidity Account, where the bank operating the Issuer Liquidity Account has waived any set-off rights.
"Issuer Share Charge" means a Bermuda law charge granted by the Parent over all of the shares (100%) and related rights in the Issuer from time to time.

9/54
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Jack-Up Rigs" means the jack-up rigs owned by Santa Maria and La Covadonga.
"La Covadonga" means La Covadonga Limited, a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration number 47771.
"Latina Offshore Limited" means Latina Offshore Limited, company existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration number 47764.
"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue, being Clarkson Platou Securities AS.
"Mandatory Prepayment" means the prepayments to be made pursuant to Clause 10.5.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means the occurrence of a Full Mandatory Prepayment Event or Partial Mandatory Prepayment Event.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the financial condition or operations of the Modular Holdco or the Rigco; (b) the Issuer's, the Modular Holdco's, the Rigco's or the Parent's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 31 January 2020. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mexican Operating Accounts" means any account held by the Issuer, Modular Holdco and Rigco in Mexico.
"Mexican Trust" means a Mexican law trust agreement with Deutsche Bank or another reputable international bank with a credit rating of at least "A" from Standard & Poor or similar level from Moody or Fitch approved by the Bond Trustee (the "Mexican Trustee") for (to the extent necessary) perfection of Security Documents and securing the application of earnings under the Pemex Contract which may provide for Receivables Financing at an annual cost less than 5% (including authorised translations as requested by the Bond Trustee).
"Modular Holdco" means Latina Modular Holding Limited, a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration number 49338.
"Modular Holdco Account Pledges" means the any pledge on first priority over the Modular Holdco's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Modular Holdco in any bank accounts from time to time (except for the Mexican Operating Accounts).
"Modular Holdco Assignment of Intercompany Loans" means any assignment (or such similar Security under the relevant jurisdiction) on first priority of all monetary claims and other rights of the Modular Holdco under Intercompany Loans granted by the Modular Holdco to the Issuer and the Rigco (as applicable) and the Modular Holdco's rights under the relevant agreements related thereto.

10/54
"Modular Holdco Assignment of Subordinated Loans" means any assignment (or such similar Security under the relevant jurisdiction) on first priority of all monetary claims and other rights of the Modular Holdco under any Subordinated Loan.
"Modular Holdco Fixed and Floating Charge" means a Bermuda law fixed and floating charge creating security over all relevant assets, rights (including intellectual property rights) and revenues of the Modular Holdco.
"Modular Holdco Share Charge" means a Bermuda law charge granted by the Issuer over all of the shares (100%) and related rights in the Modular Holdco from time to time.
"Modular Holdco Undertaking" means an undertaking from the Modular Holdco dated 30 July 2014 as amended and restated on 28 February 2017, including inter alia subordination statements for any claims due to the Modular Holdco from the Issuer under any Subordinated Loans, relevant representations and warranties, the Modular Holdco Special Covenants as set out in Clause 13.6 (Modular Holdco special covenants) and certain events of default provisions.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Parent" means Constructora y Perforadora Latina S.A. de C.V., a Mexico registered company with registration number CPL801111PS2.
"Parent Assignment of Pemex Receivables" means a Mexican law assignment (or such similar Security under the relevant jurisdiction) on first priority of all monetary claims of the Parent under the Pemex Contract (to be granted in favour of the Mexican Trustee under the Mexican Trust if applicable).
"Parent Assignment of Subordinated Loans" means any assignment (or such similar Security under the relevant jurisdiction) on first priority of all monetary claims and other rights of the Parent under any Subordinated Loan.
"Parent Modular Earnings Account" means an account held with the Parent to which the Parent shall receive (i) any revenue under the Pemex Contract and proceeds from any Receivables Financing payable to the Parent (other than such revenue or proceeds payable to the Mexican Trustee under the Mexican Trust, if applicable); or (ii) any proceeds payable to the Parent under the Mexican Trust (if applicable), such account pledged and blocked on first priority as Security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Parent Modular Earnings Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Parent's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Parent in the Parent Modular Earnings Account where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Parent Repayment Account" means an account held with the Paying Agent to which the Parent shall receive any payments from any of the Issuer's subsidiaries, such account pledged and blocked on first priority as Security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.

11/54
"Parent Repayment Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Parent's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Parent in the Parent Repayment Account where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Parent Undertaking" means an undertaking from the Parent dated 30 July 2014, as amended and restated on 28 February 2017, including inter alia subordination statements for any claims due to the Parent from the Issuer under any Subordinated Loans, relevant representations and warranties, the Parent Special Covenants as set out in Clause 13.6 and certain events of default provisions.
"Partial Mandatory Prepayment Event" means if:
(i) the Parent or the Issuer receives any dividend payment or other shareholder distribution from Latina Offshore Limited or any other subsidiary directly or indirectly controlled by the Issuer, whether as a result of profit making, refinancing or otherwise; or
(ii) the Parent or the Issuer receives interest or down payments on any loans granted by either of them to any of the Issuer's subsidiaries.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Pemex" means PEMEX Exploración y Producción.
"Pemex Contract" means the service contract with contract number 421004827 for the utilization of the Rig, executed on 5 March 2014, as amended on 3o November 2016, between Pemex and the Parent.
"Permitted Financial Assistance" means (i) any intercompany loans granted by the Issuer to Latina Offshore Limited, Santa Maria and/or La Covadonga which are in existence at the Issue Date; and (ii) any Intercompany Loans.
"Permitted Security" means any security interest (in existence as of the Amendment Date) over any of the Issuer's assets or revenues provided as security under the Existing Bond and the Receivables Collateral.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Receivables Financing" means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into in connection with the Pemex Contract on market terms by the Parent or the Rigco on the one hand and a reputable international or local bank or similar financial institutions reasonably acceptable to the Bond Trustee on the other hand and pursuant to which either (a) any such company may sell, convey or otherwise transfer any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) and any assets related thereto, including, without limitation, all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitisation transactions involving accounts receivable (collectively, "Receivables Collateral"); or (b)

12/54
any such company shall enter into a nonrecourse loan arrangement secured solely by Receivables Collateral.

"Release Request" means a request delivered by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee in the form set out in Attachment 3.

"Relevant Deductions" means the following properly incurred costs and expenses of the Parent, the Issuer, the Modular Holdco and the Rigco (as applicable and without double counting):

(i)

operating expenses of the Parent, the Issuer, the Modular Holdco and/or the

Rigco in an amount not exceeding the Budget;

(ii)

SG&A of the Parent, the Issuer, the Modular Holdco and/or the Rigco in an

amount not exceeding the Budget;

(iii) capital expenditures of the Parent, the Issuer, the Modular Holdco and/or the Rigco incurred in an amount not exceeding with the Budget;

(iv) taxes (paid or accrued); and

(v)

the costs of any Receivables Financing related to the Pemex Contract,

it being agreed that at the date when any payment is being made in respect of the Relevant Deductions, the amounts set out in (i) and (ii) above shall not exceed USD 27,000 per day and the amount set out in (iii) above shall not exceed USD 600,000 per calendar year.

"Rig" means the 3ooo HP modular rig with building number 00549 constructed and delivered under the Construction Contract and registered in the name of the Rigco.

"Rig Floating Lien" means a Mexican law non-possessory floating lien pledge granted by the Rigco over the Rig.

"Rigco" means Latina Modular 01 Limited, a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration number 49339.

"Rigco Account Pledges" means the Rigco Earnings Account Pledge, the Rigco Liquidity Account Pledge and any other pledge on first priority over the Rigco's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Rigco in any bank accounts from time to time.

"Rigco Assignment of Intercompany Lease" means a Mexican law assignment (or such similar Security under the relevant jurisdiction) on first priority of all monetary claims and other rights of the Rigco under the Intercompany Lease between the Rigco and the Parent.

"Rigco Assignment of Intercompany Loans" means any assignment (or such similar Security under the relevant jurisdiction) on first priority of all monetary claims and other rights of the Rigco under an Intercompany Loan granted by the Rigco to the Issuer, the Modular Holdco (as applicable) and the Modular Holdco's rights under the relevant agreements related thereto.

13/54
"Rigco Assignment of Insurances" means a Mexican law assignment (or such similar Security under the relevant jurisdiction) on first priority of all monetary claims and other rights of the Rigco under insurances related to the Rig.
"Rigco Fixed and Floating Charge" means a Bermuda law fixed and floating charge creating security over all relevant assets, rights (including intellectual property rights) and revenues of the Rigco.
"Rigco Earnings Account" means an account in the name of the Rigco, into which the Rigco shall receive all its earnings under the Intercompany Lease and all its other net earnings relating to the Rig such account pledged (but not blocked, save in case of an Event of Default) on first priority as Security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Rigco Earnings Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Rigco's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Rigco in the Rigco Earnings Account, where the bank operating the Rigco Earnings Account has waived any set-off rights.
"Rigco Liquidity Account" means an account in the name of the Rigco, into which the inter alia the Rigco shall deposit funds in accordance with Clause 13.8 such account pledged (but not blocked, save in case of an Event of Default) on first priority as Security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Rigco Liquidity Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Rigco's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Rigco in the Rigco Liquidity Account, where the bank operating the Rigco Liquidity Account has waived any set-off rights.
"Rigco Share Charge" means a Bermuda law charge granted by the Modular Holdco over all of the shares (100%) and related rights in the Rigco from time to time.
"Rigco Transfers" means the Intercompany Lease Rate less the Relevant Deductions of the Rigco and the Modular Holdco.
"Rigco Undertaking" means an undertaking from the Rigco dated 28 February 2017 including relevant representations and warranties and certain events of default provisions, including inter alia relevant representations and warranties, the Rigco Special Covenants as set out in Clause 13.7 (Rigco special covenants) and certain events of default provisions.
"Santa Maria" means Santa Maria Offshore Limited, a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration number 47770.
"Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement" means the amendment and restatement agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee dated 31 May 2018.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.

14/54
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.

"Security Interests" means:

(i)

the Guarantees;

(ii)

the Parent Assignment of Pemex Receivables;

(iii) the Parent Assignment of Subordinated Loans;

(iv) the Parent Repayment Account Pledge;

(v)

the Parent Modular Earnings Account Pledge;

(vi) the Issuer Share Charge;

(vii) the Issuer Account Pledges;

(viii) the Issuer Assignment of Intercompany Loans;

(ix) the Modular Holdco Account Pledges;

(x)

the Modular Holdco Assignment of Subordinated Loans;

(xi) the Modular Holdco Assignment of Intercompany Loans;

(xii) the Modular Holdco Share Charge;

(xiii) the Modular Holdco Fixed and Floating Charge;

(xiv) the Rigco Share Charge;

(xv) the Rigco Fixed and Floating Charge;

(xvi) the Rigco Account Pledges;

(xvii) the Rig Floating Lien;

(xviii) the Rigco Assignment of Intercompany Lease;

(xix) the Rigco Assignment of Intercompany Loans; and

(xx) the Rigco Assignment of Insurances.

"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subordinated Loans" means any loan granted from the Parent and/or the Modular Holdco as lender to the Issuer as borrower, subject to such loan being assigned in favor of the Bond Trustee.

"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means an agreement between the Issuer as borrower and the Parent or the Modular Holdco (as the case may be) as lender documenting a Subordinated Loan.

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

15/54
"Total Assets" means the aggregate amount which would in accordance with IFRS be shown in the Issuer's consolidated financial statements as its total assets.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

"Written Resolution" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16.5 (Written Resolution).

"Yard" means the yard of Loadmaster Universal Rigs, Inc in Orange, Texas, USA.

1.2

Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(i)

headings are for ease of reference only;

(ii)

words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(iii) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(iv) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;

(v)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be

amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate

authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings,

judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(vi) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(vii) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1

Binding nature of this Bond Agreement

2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2 This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

16/54

2.2

The Bonds

Pursuant to the Original Bond Agreement, the Issuer has issued a series of Bonds in the initial maximum amount of USD 75,000,000 (U.S. Dollar seventy five million) with a current outstanding amount as of the Amendment Date of USD 49,500,000 (U.S. Dollar forty nine million five hundred thousand).

The Face Value of each Bond is USD 1. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "10 per cent Latina Offshore Holding Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016 with step up".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001071521.2.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

3

Listing

3.1

The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on a regulated market or on Oslo Børs

ASA's Nordic ABM, but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires on the

Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Euro MTF Market, Oslo Børs, Nordic ABM or another

internationally recognized stock exchange approved by the Bond Trustee.

3.2

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have

been discharged in full.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall be registered in the Securities Depository according

to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of

the Securities Depository.

4.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and

shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this

Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The

registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under

no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

17/54

6

Conditions Precedent

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds was subject to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) having received the documents set forth in Clause 6.1 of the Original Bond Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to it at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

7.1.1 Status

It is a company with limited liability, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.1.2 Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.1.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed and/or ratified (in accordance with the terms of the Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement) by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein or herein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

7.1.4 Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

7.1.5 No Event of Default

(i)

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the entry into, the

performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii)

No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the

expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or

any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or

termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or

instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or

any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material

Adverse Effect.

7.1.6
7.1.7 7.1.8 7.1.9 7.1.10 7.1.11 7.1.12 7.1.13

18/54
Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations

under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a

party; and

(ii)

to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this

Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

Litigation

No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

Financial Statements

Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

19/54

7.2

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of

this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each

drawdown date.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 8.2 8.3 8.3.1 8.3.2
9

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests.
Additional Security
The Issuer shall ensure that the rights of the Parent or the Modular Holdco (as the case may be) under any Subordinated Loans are assigned (or subject to similar Security under the relevant jurisdiction) on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee to secure all outstanding obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer shall procure that legal opinions in respect of any Additional Security are provided to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), such legal opinions to include, inter alia, confirmations on capacity, validity, perfection and enforceability of such Additional Security (in form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), together with any such other relevant documents, evidence and confirmations as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require.
Interest

9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds as follows:

(i)

from, and including, the Issue Date to, and including, 30 November 2016 at

10.00% per annum;

(ii)

from, and including, 1 December 2016 to, and including, 30 April 2017 at 8.875%

per annum;

(iii) from, and including, 1 May 2017 to the Maturity Date at 10.00% per annum.

9.2

Interest payments shall be made in quarterly arrears on the Interest Payment Dates.

9.3

Save as provided for in Clause 9.1 above, the relevant interest payable amount shall be

calculated based on a period from and including an Interest Payment Date to, but

excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4

The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation

of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in

the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the

number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days

months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the

first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in

which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened

to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month

20/54
of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated

as follows:

Interest

=

Face

x

Amount

Value

Fixed Rate

x

Fixed

Rate

Day Count Fraction

10

Instalments, Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1

Instalments and Maturity

10.1.1

The Issuer shall repay the Bonds in instalments of USD 510,000 on each Interest Payment Date to redeem Bonds at 102% of par (i.e. USD 500,000 of Bonds will be redeemed on each such date).

10.1.2

If there is an increase in the rate of hire under the Pemex Contract at any point in time following the Amendment Date where the daily rate is higher than the prevailing daily rate as of the Amendment Date (being USD48,200 per day), the instalments payable in accordance with Clause 10.1.1 shall be increased so that the full amount by which the daily rate received exceeds the daily rate as of the Amendment Date shall be paid to the Bondholders, provided always that Pemex or any of its affiliates has paid the funds relating to such increase to the Parent within twenty (20) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Paying Agent, no later than five (5) Business Days after receiving confirmation of the increase in the rate of hire, of the increased instalment that will be payable on the second subsequent Interest Payment Date and on each Interest Payment Date thereafter, provided always that Pemex or any of its affiliates has paid the funds relating to such increase to the Parent within twenty (20) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.

10.1.3

The Bonds not repaid pursuant to Clause 10.1.1 above or Clause 10.3 (Excess Cash Flow sweep) shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid by the Issuer at 102% of par.

10.2 Call Option

10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or nothing) at 102% of par plus accrued unpaid interest on the redeemed amount.

10.2.2

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.3 Excess Cash Flow sweep

10.3.1

On each Excess Cash Flow Calculation Date, if the Excess Cash Flow (calculated in respect of the Excess Cash Flow Period ending on the Excess Cash Flow Calculation Date) is more than zero (0), the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably possible after the Excess Cash Flow Calculation Date transfer the Excess Cash Flow to the Debt Service Account and apply the

21/54
funds in redemption of Bonds pro rata from all Bondholders at 102% of par value plus accrued unpaid interest, if any, on the redeemed amount.

10.3.2

For the purpose of documenting the Excess Cash Flow, the Issuer shall deliver an Excess Cash Flow Notice to the Bond Trustee as soon as reasonably possible after the Excess Cash Flow Calculation Date. The Excess Cash Flow Notice shall be posted to Stamdata.

10.3.3

The Excess Cash Flow shall be properly documented and documentation supporting the calculation of the Excess Cash Flow shall be provided to the Bond Trustee (and/or any advisor appointed by the Bond Trustee to review such information) upon request. The Excess Cash Flow Notice shall set out the calculation of the Excess Cash Flow and application thereof to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders on a quarterly basis and maintain a report containing historical and accrued amounts in relation to the Excess Cash Flow.

10.3.4

The Bond Trustee shall have the right, but no obligation, at the expense of the Issuer to appoint a third party expert or advisor for the purpose of ensuring an independent review of any Excess Cash Flow Calculation Notice and/or Release Request (including any supporting documentation) and compliance thereof with the terms of the Bond Agreement. The third party expert or advisor shall be one of either Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Ernst & Young, KPMG or PricewaterhouseCoopers in Mexico and its fees shall be negotiated directly with the Issuer. Such third party review shall be undertaken if requested in writing Bondholders holding more than 2/3 of the Voting Bonds. The Issuer shall comply with all reasonable information requests from such third party expert or advisor and promptly upon request pay any costs associated with such review (and, if requested by the Bond Trustee, make advance payments of any third party fees). For the avoidance of doubt, this Clause 10.3.4 is in addition to any other rights under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document and shall in no way be prejudicial to such other rights.

10.3.5

Upon request from the Bond Trustee (and/or a third party expert or advisor appointed by the Bond Trustee), the Issuer shall provide such supporting evidence as the Bond Trustee (and/or a third party expert or advisor appointed by the Bond Trustee) may require in order to verify the transactions underlying the Release Request and/or the information contained therein.

10.3.6

If a review of any Excess Cash Flow Calculation Notice and/or Release Request shows that any amounts have been improperly paid and/or deducted from the Excess Cash Flow, upon written notice from the Bond Trustee, such amounts shall be repaid by the Issuer within five (5) Business Days of receipt by the Issuer of such notice.

10.4 Change of control

10.4.1

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.

10.4.2

The Put Option must be exercised within sixty calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible but in any event, within five (5) days after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.4.3 The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of

22/54
the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the two month exercise period of the Put Option.

10.4.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.4.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.5 Mandatory Prepayment

Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring, the Issuer shall not later than thirty (30) days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event (unless there is an Event of Default in which case it will be promptly) repay;

(i)

100% of the outstanding Bonds upon a Full Mandatory Prepayment Event; and

(ii)

a number of outstanding Bonds (taking into account applicable call premium

and accrued interest) corresponding to the amount received in proceeds (by the

Issuer or the Parent as the case may be) upon a Partial Mandatory Prepayment

Event,

in all cases at a price equal to 102% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount), however, so that all payments shall be made pro rata and without any preference or priority between the Bondholders of any kind.

10.5.2

If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Mandatory Prepayment provision after a Full Mandatory Prepayment Event, any amount in the Interest Reserve Account and the Debt Service Account may be used as part payment in relation to the Mandatory Prepayment.

11

Payments

11.1 11.1.1 11.1.2 11.2 11.2.1
11.2.2
11.2.3

Covenant to pay
The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.
Payment mechanics
If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.
Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.
In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer, the Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The

11.2.4 11.3 11.3.1
11.3.2
11.3.3 11.4 11.5 11.5.1 11.5.2 11.5.3 11.6

23/54
Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

Currency

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

Set-off and counterclaims

Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

Interest in the event of late payment

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00%) per annum.

The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1.1, cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

Partial payments

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment (other than pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Excess Cash Flow sweep)) that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(i)

first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond

Trustee under the Finance Documents;

24/54

(ii)

secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under

the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any

kind; and

(iii) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Group and the Parent have the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds), which shall be immediately cancelled upon acquisition.

13

Covenants

13.1 13.1.1 13.2 13.2.1
13.2.2

General

The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, to comply or procure the compliance such covenants as further set out in this Clause 13.

Information Covenants

Financial Statements

(i)

The Parent and the Issuer shall prepare Financial Statements and Interim

Accounts and make them available on the Parent's website in the English

language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they

become available, but not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year

in respect of the Financial Statements and 60 days after the end of the relevant

quarter in respect of the Interim Accounts, provided always that such

preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules

and regulations.

(ii)

Such reports shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS, and include a profit and

loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management or board

commentary.

(iii) The quarterly Financial Statements prepared in accordance with Clause 13.2.1(i) above, shall be accompanied by the following information:

(1) status per month of all invoices raised with Pemex;

(2) amounts of the factoring arrangements;

(3) details of any intercompany transactions and intercompany outstanding balances, in respect of arrangements between the Rigco, the Parent, the Issuer, the Modular Holdco and any other company affiliated with the Parent; and

(4) the specific location of the Rig.

Miscellaneous

The Issuer shall:

13.2.3

25/54

(i)

without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing

of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be

expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which could

reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(ii)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the

Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or

operations, or change the nature of its business;

(iii) deliver the Budget for the relevant calendar year to the Bond Trustee for posting on Stamdata no later than January 15 (or, in respect of calendar year 2018, no later than the Amendment Date);

(iv) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(v)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory

notifications of the Issuer, the Modular Holdco and the Rigco, including but not

limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's

share capital or equity;

(vi) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(vii) upon a request from Bondholders holding more than 2/3 of the Voting Bonds, provide details of the balance on the Parent Modular Earnings Account, Rigco Earnings Account, Issuer Liquidity Account and/or the Debt Service Account, including a statement of transactions for any period requested, within five (5) Business Days of such request;

(viii)

if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(ix) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond trustee is entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository or Paying Agent directly);

(x)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, provide documentation of Rig expenses to

the reasonable satisfaction of the Bond Trustee; and

(xi) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

Compliance certificate

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1 (Financial Statements) confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

26/54
13.2.4 Monthly update
The Issuer shall provide a monthly update in the form set out in Attachment 4 to the Bond Trustee to be posted on Stamdata no later than five (5) Business Days after the end of the relevant month.
13.2.5 Notification of changes to Pemex Contract
If (a) Pemex requests, suggests or indicates (whether in writing or otherwise) that it wishes to or will (i) delay payment or reduce amounts payable under the Pemex Contract in respect of the Rig and/or (b) the Issuer negotiates any change to the Pemex Contract, the Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee within ten (10) Business days of any such communication from Pemex being received. The Bond Trustee shall not disclose the information received from the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 13.2.5 on Stamdata. However, the Bond Trustee may upon request disclose any such information received from the Issuer to any Bondholder, subject to such Bondholder entering into a confidentiality undertaking with the Issuer on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer.
13.2.6 Stamdata
The Issuer shall ensure that any document which is required to be delivered by it shall be provided fully compiled in a pdf-format and, in respect of the Release Request, be both in a redacted and unredacted version.
13.3 Issuer General and Special Covenants
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders' Meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed otherwise) comply with the following general and special covenants:
13.3.1 Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
13.3.2 Mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities, and the Issuer shall procure that no such merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of any of the Modular Holdco or the Rigco with any other companies or entities shall occur, if such a transaction would cause a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3.3 De-mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, and the Issuer shall procure that no such de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of any of the Modular Holdco or the Rigco shall occur, if it would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3.4 Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not and shall procure that neither the Modular Holdco nor the Rigco shall cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no changes are made to the general

27/54
nature of the business from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in the Bond Agreement.

13.3.5 Negative Pledge

The Issuer shall not and shall procure that neither the Modular Holdco nor the Rigco shall create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any security over any of its present or future respective assets or revenues, other than the Security under this Bond Issue and the Permitted Security.

13.3.6 Disposal of business

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless:

(i)

the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions

customary for such transactions; and

(ii)

such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.3.7 Arm's length transactions

The Issuer shall not and shall procure that neither the Modular Holdco nor the Rigco shall enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

13.3.8 No other business

The Issuer shall remain a single purpose holding vehicle for the purpose of owning the shares in Latina Offshore Limited and the Modular Holdco, and shall not acquire or initiate any additional assets (other than additional shares through permitted equity increases) or operations (or assume any liabilities in respect thereto).

13.3.9 Corporate status

The Issuer shall not and shall procure that neither the Modular Holdco nor the Rigco shall change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

13.3.10 Ownership

The Issuer shall maintain 100% direct ownership and control over the Modular Holdco and shall procure that the Modular Holdco maintains 100% direct ownership and control over the Rigco, subject always to the Mandatory Prepayment provisions. The Issuer shall also maintain 100% direct ownership and control over Latina Offshore Limited, subject always to the Mandatory Prepayment provisions.

13.3.11 Distributions

The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payments, loans or other distributions or make any other transactions implying a transfer of value to the Parent (or affiliates thereof), whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation repurchase of shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity.

13.3.12 Latina Offshore Limited Mandatory Repayment

28/54
In the event of a completed full mandatory prepayment of the Existing Bond (including all interest and costs), the Issuer shall procure that any remaining cash amount held by Latina Offshore Limited shall be distributed to the Issuer as a Partial Mandatory Prepayment as set out in Clause 10.5(ii).
13.3.13 Mexican Operating Accounts
The Issuer shall not hold amounts in Mexican Operating Accounts which (when aggregated with amounts held by the Modular Holdco and the Rigco) exceed USD 300,000 (or an equivalent amount in Mexican pesos) and shall ensure that any Mexican Operating Account held by it shall be used solely to receive funds to and pay the cost of Relevant Deductions from a Mexican bank account or in Mexican pesos and that payment of such Relevant Deductions is made without delay and in any event no later than twenty (20) Business Days following receipt of funds into the Mexican Operating Account.
13.3.14 Financial Assistance
The Issuer shall not and shall procure that neither the Modular Holdco or the Rigco shall grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting security) to any third party other than the Permitted Financial Assistance.
13.3.15 No Financial Indebtedness
Issuer shall not and shall procure that neither the Modular Holdco nor the Rigco shall incur or permit to remain outstanding, any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured or from affiliates or third parties) other than (i) the Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue; (ii) any Subordinated Loans from the Parent; (iii) any Intercompany Loans; and (iv) Financial Indebtedness arising in the ordinary course of business, always provided compliance with the Debt Level set out in Clause 13.4
13.3.16 Application of Earnings
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements for application of earnings set out in Clause 13.8.
13.3.17 Intercompany Loans - Disbursement
Any forwarding of proceeds from the Bond Issue by the Issuer to the Rigco (whether made directly or through the Modular Holdco), shall be carried out by way of Intercompany Loans.
13.3.18 Intercompany Loans - Service
For the avoidance of doubt, no covenants shall restrict the Rigco's (and the Modular Holdco's, if relevant) ability to service the interest and principal amount of any Intercompany Loan.
13.3.19 Maintenance of insurances
The Issuer shall procure that reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of insurances of the Rig and all relevant equipment related thereto is provided for at all times.
The Rig shall be adequately insured against such risks and in such amounts as per industry standards and otherwise reasonably required by and placed or entered with such reputable insurers, brokers or P&I clubs of financial standing as approved by and

29/54
otherwise acceptable to the Bond Trustee on agreed value basis, including without limitation (i) war risk; (ii) Hull & Machinery (and, if relevant, Hull Interest and/or Freight Interest); (ii) third party liability insurance as per industry standards; and (iv) any additional insurance required under any law or the Pemex Contract (or other applicable client contract).
13.3.20 Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall perform its, and shall procure that each of the Modular Holdco and the Rigco performs its, business (i) in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time and (ii) without being engaged in any conduct prohibited by any economic sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes or restrictive measures or decisions applicable to any Group Company, imposed, adopted, enacted, implemented enforced or administrated by, or by any authority acting on behalf of or designated by, (a) the Norwegian State; (b) the United Nations; (c) the European Union; and/or (d) the United States of America, and with regard to (a)-(d) above, the respective governmental institutions and agencies of any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury (OFAC) and the United States Department of State.
13.3.21 Subordination of loans
The Issuer shall ensure that any Subordinated Loan shall be unsecured and fully subordinated to the Bonds and any Intercompany Loans, and shall have a maturity date (and actually be partly or fully repaid) later than the date of the redemption of the Bonds in full, and shall ensure that no interest or amortization payments are made on such loans during the term of the Bonds.
13.3.22 Interest Reserve Account
The Issuer shall ensure that any amounts deposited on the Interest Reserve Account are used for payment of interest on the next relevant Interest Payment Date.
13.4 Financial Covenants ­ Debt Level
The Debt Level of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) shall not exceed USD 360 million.
13.5 Parent Special Covenants
13.5.1 Ownership
The Parent shall maintain 100% direct ownership and control over the Issuer and procure that the Issuer maintains 100% direct ownership and control over the Modular Holdco and the Modular Holdco maintains 100% direct ownership and control over the Rigco and the Rigco maintains 100% ownership of the Rig, subject always to the Mandatory Prepayment provisions.
13.5.2 Equity requirement
In the event of a capital injection being required in the Issuer, the Parent shall ensure that such capital is provided in the form of equity from the Parent (any additional shares to be added to and become subject to the Issuer Share Charge).
13.5.3 Application of Earnings

30/54
The Parent shall comply with the requirements for application of earnings set out in Clause 13.8.
13.5.4 Additional units or commitments
The Parent shall procure that neither the Issuer, the Modular Holdco, the Rigco or any other subsidiary of the Issuer shall acquire, order or in any other way assume any liability or make any commitment with respect to any additional drilling rig or other offshore operational vessel or unit, or make or commit any other material new capital expenditures other than related to the group's existing drilling rigs, i.e. the Rig and the Jack-Up Rigs.
13.5.5 No enforcement
Parent shall not enforce any monetary claim against the Issuer, the Modular Holdco or the Rigco without prior written consent of the Bond Trustee, nor permit any affiliated party to enforce such claim.
13.5.6 Loyalty
Parent shall in its capacity as direct and indirect controlling shareholder of the Issuer, the Modular Holdco and the Rigco act in accordance with and loyalty to the terms of the Finance Documents in all material respects, e.g. not demand or vote in favour of any dividend payments or other distributions from the Issuer nor seek to enforce any loan or security.
13.5.7 Security
The Parent shall ensure the due and timely execution and perfection of any security to which it shall become a party pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and at all times ensure that security granted by it remains duly created, enforceable and perfected on its relevant priority.
13.5.8 Mandatory Prepayment
To the extent a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurs involving the Parent, the Parent shall procure the relevant Mandatory Prepayment to be made and shall instruct its relevant direct or indirect Subsidiaries (i.e. the Subsidiaries of the Issuer) to make any repayment of any Intercompany Loans (or other payments) to the Parent Repayment Account, to be used for Mandatory Prepayment, to the extent such payment would not be prohibited under the Existing Bond.
13.5.9 Parent Modular Earnings Account
The Parent shall ensure that (i) any revenue under the Pemex Contract and proceeds from any Receivables Financing payable to the Parent (other than such revenue or proceeds payable to the Mexican Trustee under the Mexican Trust, if applicable) or (ii) any proceeds payable to the Parent under the Mexican Trust (if applicable) shall be paid to the Parent Modular Earnings Account.
13.5.10 Parent Repayment Account
The Parent shall instruct all its direct and indirect Subsidiaries (i.e. the Subsidiaries of the Issuer) that any payments to be made to the Parent shall be made into the Parent Repayment Account to the extent such payments would not be prohibited under the Existing Bond.

31/54
13.5.11 Negative Pledge

The Parent will not and it will procure that none of its Subsidiaries will create or agree to create or permit to subsist any Security over any asset subject to the Security Interest other than (i) any Security permitted by the Bond Agreement and (ii) the Receivables Collateral.

13.6 Modular Holdco Special Covenants

The Issuer shall procure that during the term of the Bonds, the Modular Holdco shall comply with the covenants set out below.

13.6.1

Loyalty The Modular Holdco shall in its capacity as direct controlling shareholder of the Rigco to the extent applicable act in accordance with and loyalty to the terms of the Finance Documents.

13.6.2

Ownership The Modular Holdco shall maintain 100% direct ownership and control of the shares in the Rigco, unless the Bonds are redeemed in full in accordance with the Mandatory Prepayment provisions.

13.6.3 Application of Earnings

The Modular Holdco shall comply with the requirements for application of earnings set out in Clause 13.8.

13.6.4 Security

The Modular Holdco shall ensure the due and timely execution and perfection of any security to which it shall become a party pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and at all times ensure that security granted by it remains duly created, enforceable and perfected on its relevant priority.

13.6.5 Mexican Operating Accounts

The Modular Holdco shall not hold amounts in Mexican Operating Accounts which (when aggregated with amounts held by the Issuer and the Rigco) exceed USD 300,000 (or an equivalent amount in Mexican pesos) and shall ensure that any Mexican Operating Account held by it shall be used solely to receive funds to and pay the cost of Relevant Deductions from a Mexican bank account or in Mexican pesos and that payment of such Relevant Deductions is made without delay and in any event no later than twenty (20) Business Days following receipt of funds into the Mexican Operating Account.

13.7 Rigco special covenants

13.7.1 Loyalty

The Rigco shall act in accordance with and loyalty to the terms of the Finance Documents.

13.7.2 Application of Earnings

The Rigco shall comply with the requirements for application of earnings set out in Clause 13.8.

32/54
13.7.3 Security
The Rigco shall ensure the due and timely execution and perfection of any security to which it shall become a party pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and at all times ensure that security granted by it remains duly created, enforceable and perfected on its relevant priority.
13.7.4 Financial Indebtedness
The Rigco shall not incur or permit to remain outstanding, any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured or from affiliates or third parties) other than (i) the Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue; (ii) any Intercompany Loans; and (iii) Financial Indebtedness arising in the ordinary course of business.

13.7.5 Rigco Earnings Account
The Rigco shall ensure that under the Intercompany Lease and all its other net earnings relating to the Rig shall be paid to the Rigco Earnings Account.

13.7.6 Mexican Operating Accounts

The Rigco shall not hold amounts in Mexican Operating Accounts which (when aggregated with amounts held by the Issuer and the Modular Holdco) exceed USD 300,000 (or an equivalent amount in Mexican pesos) and shall ensure that any Mexican Operating Account held by it shall be used solely to receive funds to and pay the cost of Relevant Deductions from a Mexican bank account or in Mexican pesos and that payment of such Relevant Deductions is made without delay and in any event no later than twenty (20) Business Days following receipt of funds into the Mexican Operating Account.

13.8 Application of Earnings

1.

Waterfall

For as long as any revenue generated by the Rig and proceeds from any Receivables Financing are received under the Pemex Contract, such revenue and proceeds shall be paid into the Parent Modular Earnings Account (or to the Mexican Trustee under the Mexican Trust (if applicable) and any proceeds from the Mexican Trust shall be paid to the Parent Modular Earnings Account), and thereafter the following transfers and payments shall be made on a quarterly basis:

(i)

firstly, the Parent shall transfer from such Parent Modular Earnings Account

(a) to an operating account nominated by the Parent an amount equal to the

Prior Relevant Deductions, Current Relevant Deductions and Next Relevant

Deductions of the Parent (to pay or refund the cost of such Relevant

Deductions); and (b) the Rigco Earnings Account an amount equal to the

relevant Intercompany Lease Rate;

(ii)

secondly, the Rigco shall transfer from the Rigco Earnings Account (a) to the

Rigco Liquidity Account an amount equal to the Prior Relevant Deductions,

Current Relevant Deductions and Next Relevant Deductions of the Rigco and the

Modular Holdco (to pay or refund the cost of such Relevant Deductions); and

(b) to the Issuer Liquidity Account an amount equal to the relevant Rigco

Transfer; and

33/54
(iii) thirdly, the Issuer shall (a) retain in the Issuer Liquidity Account an amount equal to the Prior Relevant Deductions, Current Relevant Deductions and Next Relevant Deductions of the Issuer (to pay or refund the cost of such Relevant Deductions); (b) make a quarterly transfer to the Interest Reserve Account in the amount of the next interest payment; (c) make a quarterly transfer to the Debt Service Account for any amortization payment due under Clause 10.1.1 (such payment as may be increased from time to time); (d) transfer to the Debt Service Account any increase in the amortization payment to be paid in accordance with Clause 10.1.2; and (e) transfer any remaining amount in the Issuer Liquidity Account to the Debt Service Account,

and for the avoidance of doubt, non-compliance with this Clause 13.8 shall constitute a default under Clause 15.1.2 of this Bond Agreement.

2.

Rigco Transfers

The Rigco Transfers to be made in accordance with this Clause 13.8 shall be disbursed from the Rigco to the Issuer as dividends, equity reductions and/or extensions of Intercompany Loans from the Rigco.

3.

Release of funds

For the purpose of completing the transfers to be made in accordance with this Clause 13.8, the Issuer shall deliver a Release Request to the Bond Trustee, which may be delivered no more often than two (2) times per month. The Release Request (subject to redaction of account numbers and similar) shall be posted on Stamdata.

No transfer shall be made from the Parent Modular Earnings Account to any other account without prior consent of the Bond Trustee.

14

Fees and expenses

14.1

The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or

the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its

obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in

connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond

Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications

relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if

applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities

Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar

arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person,

irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off

and cover any such costs and expenses.

14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security or Finance Document. If no such reduction of the proceeds is possible, the

34/54
Bond Trustee may seek funding of such fees, costs and expenses from the Bondholders, or failing them, other third parties, in which case such other third parties will be subrogated into the position of the Bond Trustee and/or the Security Trustee, as the case may be, but subordinate to any further fees, costs and expenses of the B0nd Trustee and the Security Trustee.

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(a)

the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such

amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount

which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which

would have been due if no withholding had been required; and

(b)

the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee

evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

14.8 All the fees and expenses related to the Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement or payable under this Clause 14 will not be considered as a part of the operating expenses under the Budget and shall (if required) reduce any Excess Cash Flow in the Excess Cash Flow period in which they are incurred.

15

Events of Default

15.1 15.1.1
15.1.2

The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:
Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.
Breach of other obligations
The Issuer, the Parent, the Rigco or the Modular Holdco does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

15.1.3
15.1.4
15.1.5 15.1.6 15.1.7

35/54
Cross default

If for the Issuer, the Modular Holdco or the Rigco:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(ii)

any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and

payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however

described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of USD 2 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

Cross acceleration ­ Financial Indebtedness

If for the Parent:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and

payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however

described); or

(ii)

any creditor notify the Parent of its intention to accelerate and/or to start or

starts proceedings to enforce any Financial Indebtedness, any guarantee or

security provided for any Financial Indebtedness,

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment, guarantee or security for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) and (ii) above of USD 5,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

Insolvency

(i)

The Issuer, the Modular Holdco or the Rigco, is unable or admits inability to pay

its debts as they fall due or suspends making payments on any of its debts.

(ii)

The value of the assets of the Issuer, the Modular Holdco or the Rigco is less

than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities)

Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

36/54
If for the Issuer, the Modular Holdco or the Rigco, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement,

scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or

reorganization;

(ii)

a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor,

having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment

obligations hereunder; or

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This paragraph (f) shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.

15.1.8 Creditors' process

The Issuer, the Modular Holdco or the Rigco having any of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, having an aggregate value as set out in Clause 15.1.3 (Cross default)above.

15.1.9 Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer, the Parent, the Rigco or the Modular Holdco to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

15.1.10 Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.1.11 Latina Offshore Limited

(i)

If Latina Offshore Limited default on the Existing Bond or any other Financial

Indebtedness of Latina Offshore Limited is not paid when due or is declared or

becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity, always provided that a

threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness of a total of USD 5

million or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

(ii)

Latina Offshore Limited having any of its assets impounded, confiscated,

attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over

any of its assets, having an aggregate value as set out in paragraph (i) above.

(iii) Latina Offshore Limited admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or becomes subject to or enters a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization or ceases to carry out business.

37/54
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(i)

the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared

from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the

Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(ii)

the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the

Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.

16

Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 16.1.1
16.1.2
16.1.3
16.2 16.2.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.
Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings
A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

38/54

(i)

the Issuer;

(ii)

Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(iv) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10

The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and ­ provided the Bonds are listed ­ representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11

39/54
Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange (provided that the Bonds are listed) shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2

The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

40/54
16.5 Written Resolution

16.5.1

Subject to the provisions in this Bond Agreement, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 16.1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.

16.5.2 The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only.

16.5.3

The summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders through the VPS and published at the Bond Trustee's web-site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release issued by the Bond Trustee.

16.5.4

The provisions set out in Clause 16.1 (Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting), Clause 16.2 (Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings), Clause 16.3 (Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings) and Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:

(i)

the provisions set out in Clauses 16.2.8, 16.2.10, 16.2.11;

(ii)

provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this

Clause 16.5 (Written Resolutions)

shall not apply to a procedure undertaken pursuant to this Clause 16.5.

16.5.5 The summons for a Written Resolution shall include:

(i)

instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the summons (including

instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and

(ii)

the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes

necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite

majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3)

Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the

summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution

summoned pursuant to Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be at

least five (5) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the

date of the Summons.

16.5.6

Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the VPS on the relevant record date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee, will be counted in the Written Resolution.

16.5.7

A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in Clause 16.3.4 or 16.3.5 (Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meeting) or Clause 16.4.2 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient number of negative votes is received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.

16.5.8

The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.

16.5.9

41/54
If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the total number of votes casted when the quorum and majority requirements set out in Clause 16.3 (Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meeting) and Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be calculated.

17

The Bond Trustee

17.1 17.1.1
17.1.2
17.1.3 17.1.4
17.1.5 17.1.6

The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.
The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.
The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7

42/54
The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange (provided that the Bonds are listed) shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10

The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(i) or 16.2.1 (ii), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change of Bond Trustee

17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

43/54
17.4 Appointment of Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18

Miscellaneous

18.1

The community of Bondholders

By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(i)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(ii)

the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent;

the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or

other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security,

opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(iii) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(iv) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii)

the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly

towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against,

the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived

44/54

from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the

Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any

party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance

Documents, regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or

non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to

exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards

the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v)

the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

18.2 Bond Defeasance

18.2.1

The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):

(i)

the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of

the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or

other security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in

such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if

applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the

Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus

applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(ii)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that

the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring

the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of

defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or

others; and

(iii) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:

(i)

the Issuer shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 13,

except Clauses 13.2.2(i), (iv), (viii), (ix) and (xi), or as otherwise agreed;

(ii)

the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take

any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced,

and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the

Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(iii) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(iv) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

45/54

(v)

all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) ­ (c) above) shall remain

fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.2.4 if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

18.3 Limitation of claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(i)

if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities

Depository; and

(ii)

if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).

18.6.3

46/54
Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(i)

if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(ii)

if by e-mail, when received; and

(iii) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4

The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(i)

If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall

not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline

relates to, shall be included.

(ii)

If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the

day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number,

corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an

actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(iii) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1

This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Parent and the Modular Holdco nominate and maintain for the tenor of the Bond Issue an agent for service of process in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, including but not limited to receipt of notices (in Norwegian: motta varsler) and acceptance of service of process (in Norwegian: vedta forkynnelse) or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

47/54
Attachment 1
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Nordic Trustee AS P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
10 per cent Latina Offshore Holding Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016 with step up - ISIN NO 001071521.2
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;
3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with the Bond Agreement; and
4. in accordance with Clause 13.4, the Debt Level as of [date] is XX;
Copies of the latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,
Latina Offshore Holding Limited
___________________ Name of authorized person
Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

48/54
Attachment 2
EXCESS CASH FLOW NOTICE
Nordic Trustee AS P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
10 per cent Latina Offshore Holding Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016 with step up - ISIN NO 001071521.2
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer. This letter constitutes the Excess Cash Flow Notice for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 10.3.2 we hereby confirm that:
(i) the Excess Cash Flow generated in [PERIOD] was USD [ ] which is payable to the Bondholders in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement and;
(ii) the Excess Cash Flow has been calculated as follows:

+ Revenue/factoring proceeds

- Operating expenses

- SG&A - Capital expenditures

- Taxes (paid or accrued)

- Factoring costs

- Next interest

- Next amortisation

- Collection of any

increase

in

the

amortization payment to

be paid in accordance

with Clause 10.1.2

- Prior Relevant

[PERIOD 1]

[PERIOD 2]

[PERIOD 3/4/5/6]

[AGGREGATE]

Deductions

- Next Deductions

Relevant

= Excess Cash Flow

[PERIOD 1]

[PERIOD 2]

[PERIOD 3/4/5/6]

49/54
[AGGREGATE]

(iii) the calculation of the Excess Cash Flow complies with the terms of the Bond Agreement and that the costs deducted do not exceed the Relevant Deductions under the Bond Agreement.
The payment of Excess Cash Flow (if any) to the Bondholders shall be [ ] and such payment shall be made on [insert date not later than three (3) Business Days following the date of this notice].
Yours faithfully,
Latina Offshore Holding Limited
___________________ Name of authorized person

Attachment 3 RELEASE REQUEST

CURRENT RELEVANT DEDUCTIONS

Budget [PERIOD]

Amounts previously released [PERIOD]

Operating expenses USD [24,000*[days]]

SG&A

USD [3,000*[days]]

Taxes (paid or N/A accrued)

Factoring costs

N/A

Sum

USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ]

NEXT RELEVANT Budget

DEDUCTIONS

[PERIOD]

Amounts previously released [PERIOD]

Operating expenses USD [24,000*[days]]

SG&A

USD [3,000*[days]]

Taxes (paid or N/A accrued)

Factoring costs

N/A

Sum

USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ]

PRIOR RELEVANT DEDUCTIONS

Maximum amount available for release

Release requested

Operating expenses USD [24,000*[days]]

SG&A

USD [3,000*[days]]

Taxes (paid or N/A

USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ]

50/54

Maximum amount available for release

Release requested

USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ]

USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ]

Maximum amount available for release

Release requested

USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ]

USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ]

Maximum amount available for release

Release requested

USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ]

USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ]

accrued) Factoring costs Sum
Capital expenditures Total:

N/A
Budget USD 600,000 USD [ ]

51/54

USD [ ] USD [ ]

USD [ ] USD [ ]

USD [ ] USD [ ]

Amounts released YTD
USD [ ]

Maximum amount available for release
USD [ ]

Release requested
USD [ ]

52/54
Attachment 4
MONTHLY UPDATE
10 per cent Latina Offshore Holding Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016 with step up - ISIN NO 001071521.2 ­ Monthly update for [MONTH]

1. Payments received from Pemex and outstanding invoices under the Pemex Contract:

- Total received from Pemex during the period

USD [ ]

- Total received from factoring provider during the period

USD [ ]

- Total amount outstanding in invoices under the Pemex Contract as of end of USD [ ] period

2. Daily rate pricing of the Rig: - The daily rate of the Rig during the period

USD [ ]

3. Actual expenses versus Budget: - Actual - Budget - Difference

USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ]

If Actual > Budget, amount deferred to next period

USD [ ]

[If Budget > Actual, amounts paid from previous overspend brought forward] USD [ ]

Cumulative overspend remaining (if any)

USD [ ]

4. Overview of all Relevant Deductions (deducted and/or deferred): - Operating expenses - SG&A - Capital expenditures - Taxes (paid or accrued) - Factoring costs - Next interest - Next amortisation

USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ]

- Collection of any increase in the amortization payment to be paid in USD [ ] accordance with Clause 10.1.2

- Prior Relevant Deductions

USD [ ]

- Next Relevant Deductions

USD [ ]

5. Total account receivables invoice and pending to invoice:

- [Description to be included]
6. Uptime data statistics of the Rig for the relevant month: - Collection from the Rig during the period - [Collection from of the Rig was below 100% in the period, [insert explanation]]1

53/54
[ ]%

7. Waterfall Transfers Cash into the Parent Modular Earning Account at the BoP Amount received during period into Parent Modular Earnings Account

USD [ ]

Amount paid from Parent Modular Earnings Account by way of Relevant USD [ ] Deductions to Parent, constituting;

(a) Current Relevant Deductions

USD [ ]

(b) Prior Relevant Deductions

USD [ ]

(c) Next Relevant Deductions

USD [ ]

Amount paid from Parent Modular Earnings Account by way of Intercompany USD [ ] Lease to Rigco Earnings Account

Cash into the Parent Modular Earning Account at the EoP

USD [ ]

Cash into the Rigco Earning Account at the BoP

USD [ ]

Amount paid from Rigco Earnings Account by way of Relevant Deductions to USD [ ] Rigco Liquidity Account, constituting:

(a) Current Relevant Deductions

USD [ ]

(b) Prior Relevant Deductions

USD [ ]

(c) Next Relevant Deductions

USD [ ]

Amount paid from Rigco Earnings Account to Issuer Liquidity Account for USD [ ] Rigco Transfer

Cash into the Rigco Earning Account at the EoP

USD [ ]

Cash into the Issuer Liquidity Account at the BoP

USD [ ]

Amount retained in Issuer Liquidity Account for Relevant Deductions, USD [ ] constituting

1 To be included if uptime is less than 100% during a certain month.

54/54

(a) Current Relevant Deductions

USD [ ]

(b) Prior Relevant Deductions

USD [ ]

(c) Next Relevant Deductions

USD [ ]

Amount transferred from Issuer Liquidity Account to Interest Retention USD [ ] Account for next quarterly interest payment

Amount transferred from Issuer Liquidity Account to Debt Service Account USD [ ] for payment of amortisation on the Bonds

Amount transferred from Issuer Liquidity Account to Debt Service Account USD [ ] for payment of in accordance with Clause 10.1.2

Amount transferred from Issuer Liquidity Account as Excess Cash Flow to the USD [ ] Debt Service Account

If the month end is also an Excess Cash Flow Calculation Date, the amount USD [ ] transferred from the Debt Service Account by way of Excess Cash Flow as payment to the Bond Trustee

Cash into the Issuer Liquidity Account at the EoP

USD [ ]

8. Prior Relevant Deductions Aggregate amount of Prior Relevant Deductions at the beginning of month +/- changes during month Aggregate amount of Prior Relevant Deductions at the end of month

USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ]

9. Next Relevant Deductions Aggregate amount of Next Relevant Deductions at the beginning of month +/- changes during month Aggregate amount of Next Relevant Deductions at the end of month

USD [ ] USD [ ] USD [ ]

