IS IN N O 001 029137.0
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Awilco Heavy Transport ASA (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of Bondholders in bond issue
9.00 per cent Awilco Heavy Transport ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2005/2010 with Call Options

Clause

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

1. Definitions..............................................................................................................................................3 2. The L oan.............................................................................................................................................. 5 3. Listing...................................................................................................................................................5 4. Registration in a Securities Depository.............................................................................................. 5 5. The functions, duties and liability of the LoanTrustee......................................................................6 6. Conditions Precedent........................................................................................................................... 6 7. Representations and Warranties..........................................................................................................8 8. Status of the Loan.................................................................................................................................8 9. Interest.................................................................................................................................................. 9 10. Maturity of the Loan, Call Options and Mandatory Redemption......................................................9 11. Interest in the event of late payment.................................................................................................. 10 12. Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds....................................................................................10 13. Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan........................................................................ 10 14. Fees and expenses..............................................................................................................................12 15. Events of Default................................................................................................................................12 16. Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee........................................................14 17. Procedural rules................................................................................................................................... 15 18. Repeated Bondholders' meeting......................................................................................................... 17 19. Change of Loan Trustee......................................................................................................................17 20. Limitation........................................................................................................................................... 18 21. Dispute resolution and legal venue.................................................................................................... 18

Schedules

Page

1. Form of Coordination Agreement..................................................................................................... 19 2. Form o f Guarantee............................................................................................................................ 26 3. Form of Assignment of Insurance Proceeds regarding "Lucky Lady"........................................... 33 4. Form of Pledge Agreement.............................................................................................................. 44

|
Aa-
2 \

THIS AGREEMENT (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 7 December 2005 between Awilco Heavy Transport ASA (Company No 988 791 318) as Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as Loan Tmstee.

Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):

*

The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that information

about the accession was given in the subscription documents.

*

The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to act on

behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.

The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1.

DEFINITIONS

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions

Bondholders:

the holders of the bonds

Borrower's Bonds:

bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower

Coordination Agreement:

the coordination agreement to be entered into in connection with the closing of the Senior Loan by and between the Borrower, the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the Senior Lenders, substantially in the same form as set out in Schedule 1 hereto.

Disbursement Date:

13 December 2005

Equity:

the book value of the total equity of the Group on a consolidated basis in accordance with Norwegian GAAP

Equity Ratio:

the ratio of Equity to Total Assets

Escrow Account:

the escrow account with account no. 6005.0510436 with Nordea Bank Norge ASA established by and in the name of the Borrower to be pledged and blocked in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) substantially in the form set out in Schedule 4 hereto

Exchange:

securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing

First Priority Mortgages

shall have the meaning set out in the definition of Mortgages below

Group:

the Borrower and all of its subsidiaries

Guarantee:

means the guarantee to be provided by the Relevant Subsidiaries, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 hereto

Loan:

shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.1 below

Mortgages:

second priority cross collateralized mortgages with priority and right of advancement after cross collateralized first priority mortgages in the amount of USD 40 million + 10 per cent to cover any cost incurred to safeguard the mortgaged vessel and other costs to safeguard the security and all other claims which may arise from the second priority loan and plus interest according to Norwegian law (the "First Priority Mortgages") to be registered against the Vessels in the Shipping Registry in the amount of NOK 130 million + 10 per cent to cover any cost incurred to safeguard the mortgaged vessel and other costs to safeguard the security and all other claims which may arise from the second priority loan and plus interest according to Norwegian law, in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) (the "Second Priority Mortgages")

Mortgaged Assets:

means the Vessels and insurance proceeds related thereto as provided for in the assignment of insurance proceeds

Outstanding Loan:

Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds

Payment Date:

in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal. If Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day

Relevant Subsidiaries:

Awillift AS as owner of "Lucky Lady" and Awillift II AS as owner of "Nilos"

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository

Second Priority Mortgages:

shall have the meaning set out in the definition of Mortgages above

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirregisteret ("VPS")

Securities Depository act:

the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository

Security Documents:

means all or any documents issued as security for the Borrower's obligations under the Loan Agreement as detailed in subclause 8.2 below

Senior Bank Loan:

the USD 40,000,000 loan from the Senior Lenders to the Borrower to be made pursuant to a loan agreement to be entered into between the said parties and to be secured inter alia by the First Priority Mortgages - or the refinancing of this facility. The maximum

Senior Lenders:
Shipping Registry: Total Assets:
Vessels:

available amount under the Senior Bank Loan shall be reduced with USD 4 mill each year (i.e. one year after Disbursement Date, the maximum available amount under the Senior Bank Loan is USD 36 mill; two years after Disbursement Date the maximum available amount is USD 32 mill etc)
a syndicate of banks and financial institutions appointed by the Borrower as lenders of the Senior Bank Loan
the Maltese Ship Registry and thereafter NTS as far as Lucky Lady is concerned and NTS as far as Nilos is concerned
the book value of the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis in accordance with Norwegian GAAP
(i) the 48,000 DWT Aframax vessel (built 1981) named Lucky Lady and to be renamed Willift I and to be converted to heavylift vessel, registered in the Shipping Registry and ii) the 48,000 DWT Aframax vessel (built 1981) named Nilos and to be renamed Willift II, being converted to heavylift vessel, registered in Shipping Registry and each owned by or to be owned by a Relevant Subsidiary

THE LOAN
The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of bonds at a maximum amount of NOK 130,000,000 (Norwegian kroner one hundred and thirty million), herein referred to as the "Loan".
The bonds will be in denominations of NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "9.00 per cent Awilco Heavy Transport ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2005/2010 with Call Options".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be: NO 001 0 029137.0.
The term of the Loan is from and including 13 december 2005 to 13 December 2010.
The net proceeds of the Loan will be employed for partly financing the acquisition and conversion of the Vessels. The net proceeds from the Loan cannot be employed to any other purposes than those related to acquisition costs in respect of the Vessels and project costs related to the subsequent conversion and upgrading of the Vessels at Remontowa Gdansk Shiprepair Yard.

LISTING
The Loan will not be applied for listing at or around Disbursement Date. An application for listing may be made during the term of the Loan at the discretion of the Borrower.

REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES DEPOSITORY
The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.

The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy o f the notification.
The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
THE FUNCTIONS, DUTIES AND LIABILITY OF THE LOAN TRUSTEE
The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-ct-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement,
- exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee under the Loan Agreement,
- ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out,
make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement,
- forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in its capacity as `Bondholder's representative,
verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and
- provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least three Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) this Loan Agreement duly signed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the bonds and sign the Loan Agreement, and other related documents including inter alia Security Documents,

(c) certified copies of the Articles of Association of the Borrower and other Relevant Subsidiaries and documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower and other Relevant Subsidiaries,

(d) confirmation from Pareto Securities ASA that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian Law,

(e) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in the Securities Depository,

(f) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly signed,

(g) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,

(h) satisfactory documentation of the relevant Mortgage being registered against the relevant Vessel in favour of the Loan Tmstee (on behalf of the Bondholders) securing the Bondholders' rights under this Loan Agreement in accordance with Clause 8.2, including evidence of necessary insurance of the Vessels, and that the Loan Tmstee is notified at the insurance company as beneficiary for insurance claims related to the relevant mortgaged Vessel,

(i) the assignment of the insurance proceeds set out in (h) above duly signed by the parties thereto, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 3 hereto,

(j) documentation that the Borrower has completed a NOK 214,500,000 equity issue,

(k) a legal opinion in respect of the Second Priority Mortgages from the Borrower's legal counsel in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Tmstee, if so required by the Loan Tmstee,

(l) evidence that the Coordination Agreement, satisfactory to the Loan Tmstee, has been validly entered into between the Senior Lenders, the Borrower and the Loan Tmstee,

(m) the Guarantee, duly signed by the Relevant Subsidiaries, and

(n) satisfactory documentation of (i) establishment of the Escrow Account, (ii) the pledge and blocking of the Escrow Account in favour of the Loan Tmstee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and (iii) confirmation that Nordea Bank Norge ASA has waived any right to set-off claims against the Escrow Account.

6.2

The Loan Tmstee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to the

above.

The condition precedent set out in Clause 6.1 (1) is not required until such time as the Senior Bank Loan is being executed between the parties hereto.

6.3

Subject to the conditions set out above the Loan will disbursed at Disbursement Date as

follows:

(i) NOK 65,000,000 shall be disbursed to the Borrower

(ii) NOK 65,000,000 shall be credited to the Escrow Account.

Funds on the Escrow Account shall be released to the Borrower upon the Loan Tmstee having received the documents set forth in Clause 6.1 (h) above with respect to Nilos.
7

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1

The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that:

(a) all documents and information, including the term sheet and loan description in connection with this Loan presents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower which could have a material adverse change on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Loan Agreement,

(b) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid and

(c) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement.

7.2

The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result

of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both

prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.

8.

STATUS OF THE LOAN

8.1

The Loan shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Borrower other

than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law. For the avoidance of any doubt other

assets of the Borrower may be pledged in favour of other creditors, but will not be pledged to

the Bondholders save for the Vessels and Insurance proceeds. The bonds shall rank ahead of

subordinated capital. The Coordination Agreement will i.a. provide for the following

provisions:

(i) The Bondholders' right to receive settlement out of the Mortgaged Assets will be subordinated and rank in priority after the First Priority Mortgage;

(ii) No principal under the Loan shall be repaid prior to the maturity date of the Loan being 13 December 2010 unless the Senior Bank Loan is repaid in full (subject to the Borrower's call option);

(iii) The Bondholders' right to receive payment of interests, is subject to no default having been notified by the Senior Lenders to the Loan Trustee;

(iv) The Bondholders will in the event of default have the option for a certain time period to release the Senior Lenders by paying to them all monies then secured by the First Priority Mortgage against assignment and transfer of such mortgage;

(v) The Bondholders can, in the event they decide not to exercise the right to release as referred to in (iv) above, serve a claim for payment to the Borrower but not receive settlement or enforce it's rights against the Borrower in any way until the Senior Lenders have received full settlement or given their prior written consent thereto; and

(vi) The Bondholders' rights, corresponding to those of the Borrowers other creditors to receive monies due, under the loan agreement shall not be limited in any kind of liquidation, bankruptcy proceedings, debt negotiations or moratorium of the Borrower.

8.2

The Loan including interest and expenses are secured by the Mortgages. The Trustee (on

behalf of the Bondholders) shall be noted at the insurance company as the second priority

beneficiary for insurance claims related to the Vessels. For the avoidance of doubt other

assets of the Borrower may be pledged in favour of other creditors. However, the Vessels

cannot be pledged on second priority to any other creditor before the Loan is repaid in full.

8.3

At the date hereof the Senior Bank Loan is not yet established. Accordingly, the Mortgages

and assignment of insurance proceeds will when established rank with first priority. The

Loan Trustee hereby approve and confirm that the Mortgages and the assignment of

insurance proceeds in respect of the Vessels at the point in time where the Senior Loan Bank

is established and to be drawn (i) shall cede priority for the principal amount of

USD 40,000,000 + 10% in favour of the Senior Lenders and the Senior Bank Loan and (ii)

that the Loan Trustee at such time will agree to sign all documents necessary for such

registration and perfection.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including Disbursement Date at a

fixed rate o f 9.00 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made in arrears on 13

December each year, the first Payment Date being 13 December 2006.

9.2

Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months,

unless:

(a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day o f the period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or

(b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.

10.

MATURITY OF THE LOAN, CALL OPTIONS AND MANDATORY REDEMPTION

10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on 13 December 2010 at par (plus accrued interest) (100%).

10.2 The Borrower may redeem the outstanding Loan or any portion of the Loan (each individually a "Call Option"):

(i) during the period from Disbursement Date up to and including 13 March 2006 at a redemption price of 104.50 per cent of par value (plus accrued interest) and/or

(ii) on the Interest Payment Date occurring on 13 December 2008 (3 years after the Disbursement Date) at a redemption price of 106 per cent of par value (plus accrued interest) and/or

(iii) on the Interest Payment Date occurring on 13 December 2009 (4 years after the Disbursement Date) at a redemption price of 104 per cent of par value (plus accrued interest).

The Call Option referred to under (i) above may only be applied to the entire outstanding Loan whereas the Call Options referred to under (ii) and (iii) may also be applied to portions of the Loan.

9

X

I 1

/ ,(

A

'-

Should the Borrower exercise the Call Option, the Bondholders must be informed of this in writing via the Securities Depository no later than 10 - ten - days in respect of option 10.2(i) above and 30 - thirty - Banking Days in respect of options 10.2(h) and (iii) above, before the date of redemption. The Exchange shall - if the Loan is listed - immediately be informed.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with subclause 10.2 shall be used for redemption of the Remaining Loan.
10.3 Mandatory redemption
If one or both of the two heavylift vessels is/are sold or transferred to a party other than a wholly owned subsidiary of the Borrower, the Borrower shall redeem the Remaining Loan in full ("Mandatory Redemption"):
(i) at a price equal to 107% of par value (plus accrued interest) if one or both of the heavylift vessels is/are sold or disposed of any time between 13 March 2006 (three months after the Disbursement Date) and 13 December 2008 (three years after the Disbursement Date);
(ii) at a price equal to 106% of par value (plus accrued interest) if one or both of the heavylift vessels is/are sold or disposed of any time between 13 December 2008 (three years after the Disbursement Date) and 13 December 2009 (four years after the Disbursement Date); and
(iii) at a price of 104% of par value (plus accrued interest) if one or both of the heavylift vessels is/are sold or disposed of any time between 13 December 2009 (four years after the Disbursement Date) and until maturity of the Loan.

11.

INTEREST IN THE EVENT OF LATE PAYMENT

11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Interest Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5,00 percentage points.

11.2 The outstanding amounts shall carry interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2-15.4.

12.

BORROWER'S ACQUISITION OF BORROWER'S BONDS

12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.

13.

BORROWER'S OBLIGATIONS DURING THE TERM OF THE LOAN

13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall:

10

(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to such default,
(b) of his own accord send to the Loan Trustee annual reports of the Borrower as soon as they are available,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications o f the Borrower, including but not limited to such that relate to mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, applicable laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) provide for adequate and customary maintenance and insurance of the Vessels,
(h) once a year, provide documentation confirming that the maximum outstanding principal amount under the Senior Bank Loan is reduced with USD 4 mill each year (i.e. one year after Disbursement Date, the maximum outstanding principal amount under the Senior Bank Loan is USD 36 mill; two years after Disbursement Date the maximum outstanding principal amount is USD 32 mill etc) and if the Borrower's lending under the Senior Bank Loan exceeds the applicable limit, provide documentation that the Borrower has repaid the excess amount, and
(i) ensure that the Group maintains an Equity Ratio of at least 25%, such covenant to be documented two times per year.
13.2 The Borrower shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting subject to Clause 16, such types of approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed:
(a) within a calendar year, make dividend payments or other distributions or repurchase of shares to the Borrower's shareholders that constitutes more than, on a consolidated basis, 50 per cent of the net profit after taxes of the Group for the previous financial year. Any un-utilized portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not be carried forward to and be distributed in any subsequent calendar year,
(b) engage in, or permit any affiliate to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of service) with any affiliate other than 100 per cent owned subsidiaries, except in the ordinary course of and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Borrower's or such subsidiary's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Borrower or such subsidiary, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time from persons which are not an affiliate,
(c) cease to carry on its business,

11

V

i

(d) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature of its business which might jeopardize the Borrower's fulfilment o f its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(e) make any financial arrangements concerning the Mortgage which may jeopardize the Mortgage and which has effect on the operating ability of the Mortgage,
(f) sell or dispose of the Vessels unless the Borrower at the same time makes necessary arrangements with the Loan Trustee for making mandatory redemption according to Clause 10.3 above, or
(g) make any financial arrangements, other than the First Priority Mortgage, which would have a material and adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
13.3 Notwithstanding the provisions of Clause 13.2, the Borrower may always:
(i) during the term of the Loan refinance the Senior Bank Loan within the levels for reduction of the said loan as set out in Clause 13.1 (h) above, always provided that a new Coordination Agreement in the same form and substance as the then existing is at the same time entered into between the Bondholders, the Loan Trustee and the new Senior Lenders;
(ii) in the event the Borrower during the term of the Loan decides to sell one Vessel at the time, be entitled to effect such sale and then to require the Mortgages over the Vessels recorded in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) discharged by making prepayment in accordance with the provisions of Clause 13.2 (f) above.

14.

FEES AND EXPENSES

14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.

14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.

14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.

The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.

14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.

15.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

15.1 The Loan will be deemed to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

12

(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under The Loan Agreement; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under The Loan Agreement and such failure is not remedied within 10 ten Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) any other loan or indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, the Borrower exceeding a total of NOK 10 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies - is (or could be) declared due prior to its agreed maturity caused by an event of default by the Borrower,
(d) the Borrower shall enter into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place, or a substantial part of the Borrower's assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
(e) the Borrower has presented the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders with incorrect or incomplete information, which has, or can have significant consequences for the Borrower's obligations, and ability to comply with such, in accordance with the Loan Agreement, or
(f) if - after having negotiated in good faith with the Borrower in a period of minimum 10 Banking Days from written notice thereof is given by the Loan Trustee, the Loan Trustee is still of the fair opinion that (i) a material adverse change has occurred in respect of the Borrower and its business and (ii) the Borrower as a consequence thereof will not be able to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Agreement and (iii) the Borrower is not in connection herewith offering satisfactory additional security.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan subject to the provisions to be set out in the Coordination Agreement.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) The Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.

13

V

/L/Vx-

15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately, subject to the provisions to be set out in the Coordination Agreement, deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.

16.

AUTHORITY OF THE BONDHOLDERS' MEETING AND THE LOAN TRUSTEE

16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:

(a) change of Loan Trustee,

(b) change of Borrower,

(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,

(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,

(e) subject to the provisions of Clause 10.3 above, approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets,

(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.

The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.

The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (d), provided that:

(a) the changes in the Borrower's corporate structure are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or

(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.

The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.

14

The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.

17.

PROCEDURAL RULES

17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Borrower,

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or

(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or

(d) the Loan Trustee.

A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.

17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.

If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.

17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.

The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.

The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

15

The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause 18.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/10 or more of the Outstanding Loan, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour o f the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
16

(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfilment o f the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.

18.

REPEATED BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

In the event that less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.

19.

CHANGE OF LOAN TRUSTEE

19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1 (b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.

The Loan Trustee shall put before the bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.

The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.

19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Tmstee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan tmstee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan tmstee is responsible.

19.3 The Loan Tmstee shall co-operate so that the new loan tmstee is given, without undue delay after the bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Tmstee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.

17 / X
/1

20.

LIMITATION

Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.

21. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND LEGAL VENUE
Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
21.1 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.

Oslo, 7 December 2005

Awilco Heavy Transport ASA Borrower
/

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

18

Schedule 1 Form of Coordination Agreement
19

CO-ORDINATION AGREEMENT [bank]
as first mortgage
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as subsequent mortgage
Awilco Heavy Transport ASA as borrower
Awillift AS
and
Awillift II AS as vessels owners

THIS CO-ORDINATION AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") has been entered into on [ · ] 2005

BETWEEN:

(1)

[bank\, [address] (the "First Mortgagee") as agent for the banks of the Facility (as defined

in Recital C below);

(2)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA, Haakon VIIs gate 1, 0161 Oslo, Norway (the "Subsequent

Mortgagee") as representative for the bondholders of the Bond Issue (as defined in

Recital D below);

(3)

AWILCO HEAVY TRANSPORT ASA, [address], Norway (the "Borrower");

(4)

AWTLLIFT AS, [address]; and

(5)

AWILLIFT n AS, [address],

WHEREAS

(A)

The Borrower is the owner of all shares issued and outstanding in each of Awillift AS and

Awillift II AS (the Borrower, Awillift AS and Awillift II AS together the "Debtors");

(B)

(i) Awillift AS is the owner of the 48,000 DWT Aframax vessel (built 1981) named "Lucky

Lady" and to be renamed "Willift I" and to be converted to heavylift vessel, registered in the

Maltese Ship Registry and thereafter NIS, and (ii) Awillift II AS is/will become the owner of

the 48,000 DWT Aframax vessel (built 1981) named "Nilos" and to be renamed "Willift II",

being converted to heavylift vessel, registered in NIS (the vessels together the "Vessels");

(C)

Pursuant to the terms of a facility agreement dated [ · ], 2005 (the "First Agreement")

entered into between the Borrower as borrower; [bank] as mandated lead arranger; the First

Mortgagee as agent and the banks as lenders, the banks have agreed to make available to the

Borrower a USD 40,000,000 loan facility (the "Facility") for the purpose of, inter alia, partly

financing the acquisition and conversion of the Vessels. Furthermore, the Facility will be

secured inter alia by one first preferred cross collateralized mortgage against the Vessels in

the principal amount of USD 44,000,000 plus interest accrued (the "First Mortgages"); and

(D)

Certain investors, represented by the Subsequent Mortgagee, have agreed to make available

to the Borrower a loan in the principal amount of NOK 130,000,000 (the "Bond Issue")

subject to the terms of a loan agreement (the "Bond Agreement"), and the Bond Issue will

be secured by one second preferred cross collateralized mortgage against the Vessels in the

principal amount of USD 143,000,000 plus interest accrued (the "Subsequent Mortgages").

NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.

CONSENT TO THE GRANTING OF A FURTHER MORTGAGE

The First Mortgagee, at the request of the Debtors and in consideration of the Subsequent Mortgagee agreeing and undertaking in the manner hereinafter set out, hereby consents to the granting and registration by the Borrower in favour of the Subsequent Mortgagee of the Subsequent Mortgages.

V 21

2.

ENFORCEMENT OF RIGHTS UNDER MORTGAGES

2.1

In consideration of such consent the Subsequent Mortgagee agrees and undertakes with the

First Mortgagee that:

(a) the security created by the Subsequent Mortgages granted to the Subsequent Mortgagee shall be in all respects subordinated to and rank in priority subsequent to the security created by the First Mortgages granted to the First Mortgagee;

(b) it will not take any action to arrest either Vessel or otherwise to enforce any claim or seek to exercise any of the rights created by the Subsequent Mortgages or seek to exercise any rights which they have or may have against any Debtor (other than rights pursuant to Clause 3 hereof) and/or either Vessel unless:

(i) all moneys owing or to become due by the Borrower (including all exposure, accrued interest and other moneys) secured by the First Mortgages have been paid in full; or

(ii) the First Mortgagee shall have given its prior written consent thereto;

(c) subject to the provisions of Clause 2.4 hereof the First Mortgagee may enforce or make any claim or exercise any right granted to it by the Debtors under the First Mortgages and any right which it has or may have at law or otherwise against the Debtors or the Vessels or either of them;

(d) subject to the provisions of Clause 2.4 hereof, in the event that the First Mortgagee in the exercise of its rights pursuant to the First Agreement shall procure the sale of a Vessel or a Vessel is sold by the Debtors or any of them following a request (howsoever promoted) by the First Mortgagee to do so (with the consent of the First Mortgagee in accordance with the provisions of the First Agreement), the Subsequent Mortgagee will consent to such sale of a Vessel by the First Mortgagee, whether or not the proceeds of such sale will be sufficient to discharge the whole or any part of the amounts secured by the Subsequent Mortgages, and the Subsequent Mortgagee shall co-operate with the First Mortgagee for the purpose of effecting such sale. Upon request of the First Mortgagee it shall execute such discharges as may be necessary to procure the sale of such Vessel free from the relevant Subsequent Mortgage;

(e) it has not entered into and will not, during the subsistence of the security constituted by the First Mortgage, knowingly enter into any arrangement or any transactions with the Debtors or either of them whereby the First Mortgagee and its security created by a First Mortgage over a Vessel is or will be prejudiced.

2.2

The Subsequent Mortgagee agrees promptly to advise the First Mortgagee in writing if any

event occurs in consequence of which it becomes entitled to enforce the security created by a

Subsequent Mortgage.

2.3

The Subsequent Mortgagee will notify the First Mortgagee in writing of its desire to enforce

any of its rights or powers under a Subsequent Mortgage and if, within a period of 10 days

from such notification, the Subsequent Mortgagee shall not have received from the First

Mortgagee notification in accordance with these provisions of the First Mortgagee's intention

to enforce any of its rights or powers under the relevant First Mortgage (other than its right

to demand payment of any monies secured thereby) after the happening of such event (unless

such event shall have been remedied during such period of 10 days) the Subsequent

Mortgagee shall have the option (exercisable at any time within a period of 10 days after

expiry of the period of 10 days after the notification of such intention) of paying to the First

22

Mortgagee all monies and exposure then secured (in aggregate) by the First Mortgages against an assignment and transfer of both First Mortgages to the Subsequent Mortgagee at its expense.

2.4

The First Mortgagee will notify the Subsequent Mortgagee in advance and in writing of steps

to be taken to enforce any of its rights or powers under the relevant First Mortgage (other

than the right to demand payment of any money secured thereby) following the happening of

any event which has entitled it to enforce the security thereby constituted or otherwise to

procure the sale of a Vessel, whereupon the Subsequent Mortgagee shall have the option (to

be exercised within 15 business days from the receipt of such notification during which

period the First Mortgagee will not take any further step to enforce any of its said rights and

powers other than the right to demand payment of any monies secured by the First

Mortgages) of paying to the First Mortgagee immediately upon the expiration of the said

period of 15 business days all monies and exposure then secured (in aggregate) by both First

Mortgages against an assignment and transfer (without recourse and/or warranty) of the First

Mortgages to the Subsequent Mortgagee at its expense.

3.

PAYMENTS UNDER THE BOND AGREEMENT

The Subsequent Mortgagee and the Borrower each agree and undertake with the First Mortgagee:

(a) that interest may be paid on the Bond Issue only if the Subsequent Mortgagee at each relevant due date for payment of such interest shall not have been notified that an event of default has occurred under the First Agreement (and such default has not thereafter been remedied to the satisfaction of the First Mortgagee) provided that interest has (and may) not be paid on the Facility either; and

(b) that no principal of the Bond Issue shall be repaid prior to the maturity date of the Bond Issue in being 13 December 2010 unless the First Agreement is repaid in full (subject to the Borrower's call option);

or alternatively, in either case, subject to the First Mortgagee having given its prior written consent to such payment or repayment or the Borrower having repaid all monies (including all accrued interest and other moneys) secured by the First Mortgages and the Facility being cancelled. Nothing in this Clause 3 shall limit the rights of the Subsequent Mortgagee corresponding to those of the Borrower's other creditors to receive monies due under the Bond Agreement in any kind of liquidation, bankruptcy proceedings, debt negotiations or moratorium of the Borrower.

4.

REDUCTION/DISCHARGE OF FIRST MORTGAGES

4.1

On [ · ] 2006 the maximum amount secured by the First Mortgages shall be reduced to the

principal amount of USD 39,600,000 plus interest accrued.

4.2

On [ · ], 2007 the maximum amount secured by the First Mortgages shall be reduced to the

principal amount of USD 35,200,000 plus interest accrued.

4.3

A reduction as provided for above in this Clause 4 shall not become effective if, as per the

relevant date for such reduction, (i) either Mortgagee shall have served on the Borrower

(with copy to the other Mortgagee) a notice of default under or pursuant to the First or (as

relevant) Bond Agreement, or (ii) the Borrower has failed to make a mandatory redemption

and/or to comply in all respects with its ordinary payment obligations under the First

23

Agreement (independent of whether the First Mortgagee has served a notice of default in accordance with (i) above or not).

4.4

Immediately upon irrevocably having received payment in full of all amounts outstanding

under the First Agreement and cancellation in full of the Facility, the First Mortgagee shall

cause the First Mortgages to be discharged from the Vessels.

5.

SURPLUS

The First Mortgagee agrees that the surplus (if any) of any sums which may be held by it following exercise by it of its rights and powers under the First Mortgages shall be paid to the Subsequent Mortgagee (or to such other person or persons as may be entitled to receive any such surplus) after all monies secured by the First Mortgages have been paid in full.

6.

FURTHER ADVANCES

No Mortgagee shall make available to the Debtors or either of them further loans, monies or facilities against the security of a Mortgage without the prior written consent of the other Mortgagee.

7.

CONSENTS UNDER THEAGREEMENTS

Where an act by a Debtor requires the consent of the First Mortgagee in accordance with the terms of the First Agreement and the Subsequent Mortgagee in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement or the security documents thereunder, then the consent of the First Mortgagee under the First Agreement or the security documents thereunder shall be deemed to constitute the consent of the Subsequent Mortgagee under the Bond Agreement or the security documents thereunder.

8.

AMENDMENTS TO AGREEMENTS

8.1

The First Agreement shall not be amended in any way unless the Subsequent Mortgagee

shall have given its prior written consent to such amendment being made, such consent not

to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

8.2

The Bond Agreement shall not be amended in any way unless the First Mortgagee shall have

given its prior written consent to such amendment being made, such consent not to be

unreasonably withheld or delayed.

9.

ASSIGNMENT

Neither Mortgagee shall assign, charge, pledge or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations under a Mortgage unless it shall first have procured that the assignee or other person so dealing with it shall either have undertaken in a form satisfactory to the other Mortgagee that such assignee or other person will comply with and perform all obligations hereunder or have acknowledged in a form satisfactory to the other Mortgagee the terms of this Agreement and undertaken to be bound by the terms hereof and thereof.

24

V

/ 4LA/v

10.

COSTS AND EXPENSES

All reasonable costs, charges and expenses incurred by the First Mortgagee in connection with the preparation of this Agreement and the enforcement of and preservation of the First Mortgagee's rights against the Subsequent Mortgagees under this Agreement shall be for the account of the Borrower.

11.

NOTICES

Every communication under this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be sent to the relevant party hereto to such address as may be notified in writing to the other parties. Every communication shall be considered to have been received upon actual receipt thereof.

12.

LAW AND JURISDICTION

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law and each party hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction o f the Norwegian Courts, the venue to be Oslo.

Oslo, [ · ] 2005

for and on behalf of AWILCO HEAVY TRANSPORT ASA

for and on behalf of [BANK]

for and on behalf of AWILLIFT AS

for and on behalf of NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

for and on behalf of AWILLIFT II AS

This Agreement has been executed in 5 copies (originals), of which each of the parties keep one each.
V
25 cA
u

Form of Guarantee

Schedule 2

THIS GUARANTEE is granted o n ________ December, 2005 by:

(1)

AWILLIFT AS ("AW"), enterprise no. 988 528 145, Beddingen8, Aker Brygge,

0250 Oslo, Norway, and AWILLIFT II AS ("AW II"), enterprise no. 888 528 145, of

Beddingen 8, Aker Brygge, 0250 Oslo, Norway (hereinafter referred to as the "Guarantors"

and each a "Guarantor")

in favour of

(2)

the Bondholders (as defined in the Agreement referred to below),and

(3)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA, enterprise no. 963 342 624, Haakon VII's gt. 1, 0161 Oslo,

Norway (the "Loan Trustee").

WHEREAS :

(A)

Pursuant to a credit facility agreement dated on or about 7 December, 2005 (the

"Agreement") between (i) the Awilco Heavylift ASA, enterprise no. 988 791 318 (the

"Borrower"), (ii) the Bondholders (as defined in the Agreement), and (iii) the Loan Trustee,

the Bondholders have agreed, on the terms and conditions set out therein, to make available

to the Borrower a credit facility in the amount of NOK 130,000,000 for the purposes

described therein.

(B)

The obligations of the Borrower under the Agreement shall for a certain time period as

detailed in Clause 2 (ii) below be secured by, inter alia, an unconditional and irrevocable on-

demand guarantee (the "Guarantee") granted by the Guarantors in favour of the Loan

Trustee (acting on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).

NOW THEREFORE the undersigned hereby agrees:

1.

DEFINITIONS

Expressions used herein shall bear the same meaning as set out in the Agreement unless the context otherwise requires.

2.

GUARANTEE AND GUARANTEE PERIOD

The Guarantors as primary obligors and not as surety merely, hereby jointly and severally unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee as for their own debt and on first demand the due and punctual payment of all amounts which the Borrower owes or may owe to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders under the terms of the Agreement, provided however, that:

(i) each Guarantor's total liability under this Guarantee shall never exceed NOK 130,000,000 plus interest thereon and fees, costs, expenses and indemnities at the rate set out in the Agreement; and

(ii) the Guarantors' liability under this Guarantee shall automatically cease to exist on the day both (a) the mortgage recorded over M/"V "Lucky Lady" is discharged and released and (b) the registration of flag for M/V "Lucky Lady" is transferred from Malta to the Norwegian International Ship Registry or to another ship registry

27

V

approved by the Loan Trustee, provided that no claim has been served in writing by the Loan Trustee on the Guarantors' prior to such day.

3.

CONTINUING SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE NORWEGIAN ACT

ON FINANCIAL AGREEMENTS

3.1

The provisions of the Norwegian Act on Financial Agreements dated 25 June, 1999 No. 46

(the "FA Act") Section 67 shall not apply to this Guarantee and this Guarantee shall remain

in full force and effect from the date hereof and until all of the liabilities and obligations of

the Borrower to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders under the Agreement have been fully

satisfied and the obligations of the Bondholders to make further amounts available under the

Agreement have been terminated.

3.2

Each of the Guarantors hereby waives:

(i) any requirement that the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders, following the declaration of an event of default under the Agreement, first make demand upon or seek to enforce remedies against the Borrower in respect of the amounts outstanding under the Agreement and/or the Security Documents before demanding payment or seeking to enforce this Guarantee;

(ii) any and all defences based on underlying relationships, agreements and transactions whatsoever including (subject to the provisions of Clause 2 (ii) above right to limit the liability under this Guarantee resulting from any failure to give notice o f any kind;

(iii) any right to limit the liability under this Guarantee resulting from any failure to comply with Sections 62 to 74 of the FA Act;

(iv) any right to exercise any rights of subrogation into the rights of the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders under the Agreement or any security issued or made pursuant to the Agreement without the prior written consent of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) until and unless the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders shall have received all amounts due or to become due to them under the Agreement and the obligation o f the Bondholders to make further amounts available under the Agreement has been terminated;

(v) all the Guarantor's rights to claim reimbursement from the Borrower for payments made hereunder until and unless the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders shall have received all amounts due or to become due to them under the Agreement and the obligations of the Bondholders to make further amounts available under the Agreement has been terminated; and

(vi) any requirement that additional security be provided or maintained. Accordingly, the Bondholders shall be entitled to amend, supplement or waive any security provided for the obligations of the Borrower under the Agreement or any third party relationship including (but not limited to) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of any term of provision thereof without the Guarantor's consent.

3.3

Further, in particular but not limited to the following, each Guarantor hereby agrees and

accepts:

(i) that the obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall be unconditional irrespective of the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Agreement and any

ti
28 {
8
L

defence made by the Borrower thereunder including other documents pursuant thereto or any other consideration which might constitute a discharge of this Guarantee;
(ii) that the granting of time or any other indulgence to the Guarantor and/or the Borrower accorded by the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders hereunder and/or the Agreement shall not discharge the Guarantor's liabilities under this Guarantee;
(in) the Guarantor's obligations under this Guarantee shall not be affected in any way whatsoever by any other guarantee, indemnity, suretyship or similar instrument or by any collateral or security interest provided by a third party for the obligations of the Borrower under the Agreement;
(iv) that multiple drawings can be made under this Guarantee;
(v) that if an event of default has occurred, any amount payable hereunder shall immediately become payable upon the Guarantor having received a demand for payment from the Loan Trustee;
(vi) that the Loan together with all unpaid interest, default interest, commissions, charges, expenses and any derived liability whatsoever of the Borrower towards the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders in connection therewith, excluding this Guarantee, shall be secured by, inter alia:
(a) the mortgage over M/V "Lucky Lady" and an assignment of insurance proceeds in respect of such vessel; and
(b) from such date a drawing is made regarding the financing o f the acquisition and/or subsequent conversion and upgrading of the vessel "Nilos", also a mortgage over such vessel and an assignment of insurance proceeds in respect of such vessel.
The list is provided as a matter of information only to meet the requirements of the FA Act Section 61 and shall not in any way prejudice the waiver contained in Clause 3.2 (vi) above, which applies to the above listed security documents.

4.

PAYMENTS

Payments shall be made from the Guarantors in such manner as shall ensure that the net amount and currency received by the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders shall equal the net amount and currency which would have been received had due and prompt payment been made by the Borrower.

5.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1

Each Guarantor hereby represents and warrants to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders,

subject always, however to the application of mandatory law, that:

(i) it is a limited liability company (in Norwegian: aksjeselskap), duly formed and validly existing under the laws of Norway;

(ii) it possesses the capacity to sue or be sued in its own name and is not immune from legal proceedings being initiated against it;

29 I V [J l æ s

(iii) it has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Guarantee and to carry out its terms and provisions, and that all corporate or other action required to authorise the execution and delivery of the same by it and the performance by it of its obligations hereunder has been duly taken;
(iv) this Guarantee constitutes the valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Guarantor;
(v) no consent or other approval is required from any public authority in Norway for the execution or delivery of or performance under the Guarantee by the Guarantor; and
(vi) neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Guarantee will (a) contravene any applicable law or regulation or (a) conflict or be inconsistent with or result in any breach of or default under any other agreement to which the Guarantor is a party.

6.

COVENANTS

6.1

Each of the Guarantors undertakes for the benefit of the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders

and each of them severally that, unless the Loan Trustee has given its prior written consent to

the contrary, it will:

(i) promptly inform the Loan Trustee about any event which may adversely affect its ability to fully perform its obligations under this Guarantee;

(ii) promptly inform the Loan Trustee about any actions, suits or proceedings commenced or threatened against it that could, individually or in the aggregate, be expected to cause a material adverse effect;

(iii) provide the Loan Trustee, upon request, with access to such financial and other information on itself and/or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates as the Bondholders (in their sole discretion) find necessary at any time; and

(vi) manage its business prudently and with due regard to all relevant laws and regulations and notify the Loan Trustee immediately if it becomes aware of any breach or potential breach of any laws or regulations applicable to its business which might lead to a material adverse effect.

7.

NOTICES

7.1

Any notice or other communication hereunder shall be in writing and addressed as follows:

If to the Guarantors:

Awillift AS

Beddingen 8

Aker Brygge

0250 Oslo

Norway

Att.: Mr. Knut Nossen

Fax:

+ 47 22 01 43 70

30

Awillift II AS Beddingen 8 Aker Brygge 0250 Oslo Norway Att.: Mr. Knut Nossen Fax: + 47 22 01 43 70

as appropriate.

If to the Loan Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Haakon VII's gt. 1 0161 Oslo Norway Att.: Tina Bergstrom Fax: +47 22 87 94 10

7.2

Any demand, notice or other communication required to be made or given in writing under

the provisions hereof shall be deemed to have been duly received by the other party (i) if the

same be communicated by fax during ordinary business hours on the date upon which the fax

was transmitted or if transmitted outside business hours at the place of the recipient at the

start of the next such business day and (ii) if the same be communicated by letter, seven days

following the date of despatch by prepaid first class airmail post.

8.

MISCELLANEOUS

8.1

Subject to the provisions of Clause 2 (ii) above and save as the Loan Trustee and the

Bondholders may otherwise expressly consent in writing, the obligations of the Guarantors

hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation or termination for any reason, and

shall not be subject to any defence on the part of the Guarantors of set-off, counterclaim or

termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity or unenforceability of the Agreement or

otherwise.

8.2

A copy of the Agreement has been provided to the Guarantors. Neither the Loan Trustee nor

the Bondholders shall be under any obligation to disclose information or furnish copies of

any other documents relating to the Borrower or any third party in respect of the Loan, the

Agreement or any Security Documents or otherwise in connection with the respective

relationships of the Loan Trustee, the Bondholders, and the Borrower. Without prejudice to

the generality of the foregoing, neither the Loan Trustee nor any Bondholders shall be

obliged to notify the Guarantors of any default or any event which may result in a default

under the Agreement or otherwise in connection with the Loan.

8.3

Each of the Bondholders and the Loan Trustee shall be entitled to assign its respective rights

under this Guarantee with the prior written consent of the Guarantors, such consent not to be

unreasonably withheld.

9.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

This Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Norwegian courts, the venue to be the Oslo District Court.

31

For and on behalf of AWILLIFT AS
Sign ature N am e w ith b lo c k letters

For and on behalf of AWILLIFT II AS
Sign ature N am e w ith b lo ck letters

Schedule 3 Form of Assignment of Insurance Proceeds re. "Lucky Lady"
33

ASSIGNMENT OF INSURANCE PROCEEDS Dated [ · ] December, 2005 between AWTLLIFT AS as Pledgor and NORSK TILLITSMANN as Loan Trustee "Lucky Lady"
V

THIS ASSIGNMENT OF INSURANCE PROCEEDS (the "Assignment Agreement") is entered into on [ · ] December, 2005

BETWEEN:

(1)

AW ILLIFT AS, Norwegian enterprise no. 988 528 145 of Beddingen 8, Aker Brygge,

0250 Oslo, Norway (the "Pledgor"); and

(2)

NORSK TILLITSMANN, Norwegian enterprise no. 963 342 624 of Haakon VII gate 1,

0161 Oslo, Norway (the "Loan Trustee").

WHEREAS:

(A)

Pursuant to a loan facility agreement dated [ · ] December, 2005 (the "Agreement")

between (i) Awilco Heavy Transport ASA (the "Obligor"), (ii) the Bondholders (as defined

in the Agreement) and (iii) the Loan Trustee, the Bondholders have made available to the

Obligor a loan facility in the original principal amount of NOK 130,000,000 for the purposes

described therein, inter alia the Obligor's financing of the acquisition of the Security Vessel

(as defined below) through the Pledgor, which is its subsidiary.

(B)

Pursuant to terms of the Loan Agreement the Pledgor shall, as security for the Obligor's

obligations to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders under the Loan Agreement (the

"Obligations"), grant to the Loan Trustee (in its capacity as mortgagee (on behalf of itself

and on behalf of the Bondholders)) an assignment of all insurance proceeds payable under

the insurances taken out by the Pledgor in respect of the vessel M/V "Lucky Lady" (the

"Security Vessel") (the "Insurance Proceeds").

NOW THEREFORE IT IS AGREED as follows:

1.

DEFINITIONS

Defined terms used herein shall bear the same meaning as set out in the Agreement unless otherwise defined herein or unless the context otherwise requires.

2.

ASSIGNMENT AND PRIORITY

(a) As security for the Obligations, the Pledgor hereby irrevocably transfers and assigns to the Loan Trustee (in its capacity as mortgagee (on behalf of itself and on behalf of the Bondholders)) the benefit of all payments to be made to the Pledgor pursuant to the insurance policies from time to time taken out in respect of the Security Vessel as security for the Obligations upon the following terms:

(b) All Insurance Proceeds shall, subject to the provisions of the form of loss payable clauses attached hereto be paid directly to the Loan Trustee for the purpose of enabling the Loan Trustee to apply such proceeds against the obligations of the Obligor to the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders under the Loan Agreement.

35
L A a ^-

(c) The Pledgor shall give written notice (in such form as the Loan Trustee shall reasonably require) of the assignment herein contained to the relevant underwriters or insurance broker(s) on behalf of the underwriters and procure that the underwriters or insurance broker(s) on behalf of the underwriters (as the case may be) shall acknowledge such notice of assignment in writing and thereby accept to make all payments under the insurances directly to the Loan Trustee by issuing a letter of undertaking in the form set out in Annex 2 hereto or other similar wording customary in the business and by attaching the notice of assignment of insurances and the loss payable clause defined in Annex 2 to the relevant insurance policy.
(d) At the date hereof this assignment shall rank with first priority, but the Loan Trustee hereby approves and confirms that this assignment shall cede priority in favour of the Senior Lenders in respect of the Senior Bank Loan in the principal amount of USD 40,000,000+10% as soon as such Senior Bank Loan is established and drawn.

3.

COVENANTS

The Pledgor covenants with the Loan Trustee that it will immediately notify the Loan Trustee of:

(i) any accident to the Security Vessel involving repairs the cost of which is likely to exceed USD 2,500,000; and

(ii) any occurrence in consequence whereof the Security Vessel has become or is likely to become a Total Loss.

4.

REGISTRATION

This Assignment Agreement shall, upon the request of the Agent be registered with any registration authority in Norway or such other jurisdiction as may be required for the perfection of the Loan Trustee's and the Bondholders' rights against other creditors and the Pledgor agrees to sign all documents necessary for such perfection and shall be obliged to pay all costs in relation thereto.

5.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE NORWEGIAN ACT ONFINANCIALAGREEMENTS

OF 1999 (THE "FA ACT")

5.1

The Pledgor's liability under this Assignment Agreement shall never exceed

NOK 143,000,000 plus interest thereon and fees, costs, expenses and indemnities as set out

in the Agreement and this Assignment Agreement.

5.2

The Pledgor hereby waives:

(a) any and all any and all defences based onunderlyingrelationships, agreements and transactions whatsoever including (without limitation) any right to limit the liability under this Assignment Agreement resulting from any failure to give notice of any kind;

(b) any right to limit the liability under this Assignment Agreement resulting from any failure to comply with applicable provisions set out in Sections 62 to 74 of the FA Act;

36
iA m

(c) any requirement that additional security be provided or maintained. Accordingly the Agent shall be entitled, without the Pledgor's consent, to amend, supplement, release or waive any security provided for the obligations of the Obligor, including (but not limited to) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of any term or provision thereof.

5.3

Further, without limitation to the foregoing, in particular but not limited to the following, the

Pledgor hereby agrees and accepts:

(a) that Section 67 of the FA Act shall not apply to this Assignment Agreement;

(b) that the security created by this Assignment Agreement shall not be affected in any way whatsoever by any guarantee, indemnity, suretyship or similar instrument or by any collateral or security interest provided for the obligations of the Obligor under the Agreement; and

(c) that in addition to this Assignment Agreement, the obligations of the Obligor under or in connection with the Agreement will be secured by a ship mortgage granted by yourselves in the amount of NOK 130,000,000+10% over the Security Vessel (to be registered "Willift I") and subsequently also a ship mortgage granted by Awillift II AS in the same amount over the Vessel "Nilos" (to be registered Willift II) and for as long as the ship mortgage over the Security Vessel is in force, also by a joint and several payment guarantee issued by Awillift AS and Awillift II AS for the Obligations.

6.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

This Assignment Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law and the Pledgor hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Norwegian courts, the venue to be Oslo District Court (in Norwegian: "Oslo tingrett").

For and on behalf of AWILLIFT AS

For and on behalf of NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

Sign ature N am e w ith b lo c k letters

Sign ature N am e w ith b lo c k letters

37

Annex 1
To: [Name and address o f insurer(s) or insurance broker]
NOTICE OF ASSIGNMENT OF INSURANCES
Please take notice: 1. That by an Assignment of Insurances dated [ · ] December, 2005, a copy of which is attached
hereto, we have irrevocably transferred the benefit of all payments under our insurance policies related to M/V "Lucky Lady" with you to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VII gate 1, 0161 Oslo, Norway as Loan Trustee for the Bondholders (as such terms are defined therein). 2. It is a condition under the Assignment of Insurance that all payments to be made to ourselves shall be paid directly to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA at the above address, subject to the provisions of the form of loss payable clauses attached as Appendix B to the attached Letter of Undertaking. 3. You are kindly requested to confirm your understanding of the above by returning the attached Letter of Undertaking to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
[ · ] December, 2005 Yours faithfully, for and on behalf of AWILLU T AS
S ig n atu re N a m e in b lo c k letters

Annex 2

(Form of Letter of Undertaking to be written by Insurer or Brokers in respect of
Hull and Machinery and War Risk Insurances)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Haakon VII gate 1 N-0161 Oslo Norway Att: Tina Bergstrøm
Dear Sirs,

[Date]

RE: MW "LUCKY LADY" (THE "VESSEL") OWNED BY AWELLIFT AS (THE "OWNERS")

We confirm that we have effected insurances for the account of the above Owners as set out in Appendix A attached.

As Insurers/pursuant to our appointment as brokers in connection with the insurances covered by this letter, we hereby undertake:-

1. To hold the Insurance Slips or Contracts, the Policies when issued, and any renewals of such Policies or new Policies or any Policies substituted (with your consent) therefor and the benefit of the insurances thereunder to your order in accordance with the terms of the Loss Payable Clause(s) set out in Appendix B attached; and

2. To arrange for the said Loss Payable Clause(s) to be included in the Policies when issued; and

3. To have endorsed on each and every Policy as and when the same is issued a Notice of Assignment in the form of Appendix C hereto dated and signed by the Owners and acknowledged by Underwriters in accordance with market practice; and

4. To advise you immediately of any material changes which are proposed to be made in the terms of the insurances or if we cease to be the Owners' brokers for all purposed connected with the aforesaid insurances; and

5. To advise you not later than fourteen days prior to the expiry of any of the insurances aforesaid and any renewals thereof if instructions have not been received for such renewal or further renewal as aforesaid and in the event of our receiving instructions to renew or further to renew as aforesaid, to advise you promptly of the details thereof; and

6. To advise you immediately of any act or omission or of any event of which we have knowledge and which might invalidate or render unenforceable or terminate in whole or in part the Policy before taking any action.

Our above undertakings are given subject to our lien on the Policies for premiums (as specified below) and subject to our right of cancellation on default in payment of such premiums, but we undertake to advise you immediately if any premiums are not paid to us by due date and not exercise such rights of cancellation without giving you ten days' notice in writing, either by letter, telex or cable, and a reasonable opportunity of paying any premiums outstanding.

39 [1 yuw^

In addition to the other undertakings contained in this letter of undertaking we also undertake that our lien on the fleet policies for premiums shall be confined to the outstanding premiums due on the Vessel only. We further undertake that we shall neither set off against any claims in respect of the Vessel any premiums due in respect of other vessels under the fleet cover or any premiums due for other insurances, nor cancel the insurance for reason of non-payment of premiums for other vessels under the fleet cover or of premiums for such other insurances and will, if you so require, issue a separate policy in respect of the Vessel. Notwithstanding the terms of the said Loss Payable Clause and the said Notice of Assignment, unless and until we receive notice from you to the contrary, we shall be empowered to arrange for a collision and/or salvage guarantee to be given in the event of bail being required in order to prevent the arrest of the Vessel or to secure the release of the Vessel from arrest following a casualty. Where a guarantee has been given as aforesaid and the guarantor has paid any sum under the guarantee in respect of such claim there shall be payable directly to the guarantor out of the proceeds of the said Policies a sum equal to the sum so paid. Finally, it is understood that all claims shall be collected through us, as insurers/brokers.
Yours faithfully, for and on behalf of {Name and signature o f insurer or broker]
S ig n a tu re
N a m e in b lo c k letters
Encs: Appendix A Appendix B Appendix C
\
40

Appendix A

[List o f insurances]

V

Appendix B
FORM OF LOSS PAYABLE CLAUSE By an assignment of insurance proceeds made [ · ] December, 2005 Awillifit AS (the "Owner") has assigned to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VII gate 1, 0161 Oslo, Norway (as Loan Trustee for a syndicate of lenders) (the "Mortgagee") all the Owner's rights, title and interest in and to all policies and contracts of insurance from time to time taken out or entered into by or for the benefit of the Owner in respect of M/V "Lucky Lady" and accordingly: (a) all claims hereunder in respect of an actual or constructive or compromised or arranged total
loss, and all claims in respect of a major casualty (that is to say any casualty the claim in respect of which exceeds USD 2,500,000 inclusive of any deductible) shall be paid in full to the Mortgagee or to its order; and (b) all other claims hereunder shall be paid in full to the Owner or to the yard repairing the Vessel or any rescuer in respect of the Vessel or to its order, unless and until the Mortgagee shall have notified insurers hereunder to the contrary, whereupon all such claims shall be paid to the Mortgagee or to its order.
42
ulA"v

Appendix C
FORM OF NOTICE OF ASSIGNMENT (For attachment by way of endorsement to the Policy) Awillift AS, the Owners ofM /V "Lucky Lady" (the "Vessel"), HEREBY GIVE NOTICE that by an assignment made on [ · ] December, 2005 and entered into by us with Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (as Loan Trustee for a syndicate of lenders) there has been assigned by us to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as mortgagee of the said Vessel all insurances in respect thereof, including the insurances constituted by the policy whereon this notice is endorsed.
Dated [ ] for and on behalf of Signature Name in block letters
V
43

Form of Pledge Agreement

Schedule 4

44

A /v

PLEDGE AGREEMENT
Bank Account between
Awilco Heavy Transport ASA ("Pledgor") and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA ("Loan Trustee")

Table of Contents
Page
1. Definitions.......................................................................................................................................... 47 2. Grant of Security................................................................................................................................48 3. Priority.................................................................................................................................................48 4. Perfection........................................................................................................................................... 48 5. Covenants........................................................................................................................................... 48 6. Representations andWarranties........................................................................................................ 49 7. Event of Default, Enforcement......................................................................................................... 49 8. Further Assurances............................................................................................................................ 50 9. Assignment......................................................................................................................................... 50 10. Notices.................................................................................................................................................50 11. Release.................................................................................................................................................50 12. Precedence.......................................................................................................................................... 51 13. Delegation.......................................................................................................................................... 51 14. Currency............................................................................................................................................. 51 15. The Norwegian Finance Agreement Act........................................................................................... 51 16. Invalidity............................................................................................................................................ 51 17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction........................................................................................................51
APPENDIX 1 Form o f notice of pledge over bank account APPENDIX 2 Form o f acknowledgement of notice of pledge over bank account

This pledge agreement relating to Awilco Heavy Transport ASAs bank account (the "Pledge Agreement") is made on [ · ] by and between:

(1)

Awilco Heavy Transport ASA, a public limited liability company incorporated under the

laws of Norway with organisation number 988 791 318 (the "Pledgor"), and

(2)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, as loan trustee for the Bondholders (the "Loan Trustee")

WHEREAS

(A)

a loan agreement has been entered into on or about the date of this Pledge Agreement

between the Pledgor and the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders in bond issue "9.00

per cent Awilco Heavy Transport ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2005/2010 with Call

Option" in the total amount of NOK 130,000,000 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise

modified from time to time, the "Loan Agreement");

(B)

for the purposes of this Pledge Agreement, all of the Pledgor's present and future debts,

liabilities and obligations due, owing or incurred under the Loan Agreement together with all

interest accruing thereon and all costs, charges and expenses incurred by the Loan Tmstee on

behalf of the Bondholders in connection with the protection, preservation or enforcement of

the rights under the Loan Agreement are collectively referred to as the "Secured

Obligations". The Pledgor has entered into this Pledge Agreement in order to provide

continuing security for the payment, discharge and performance of the Secured Obligations.

THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

1.

DEFINITIONS

In this Pledge Agreement

"Pledge Account" means the Pledge Account set out in article 2 below;

"Collateral" means the assets charged according to this Pledge Agreement, as specified in article 2 below;

"Enforcement Act" means the Norwegian Enforcement Act of 1992 (as amended);

"Event of Default" means an Event of Default as defined in the Loan Agreement;

"Finance Agreement Act" means the Norwegian Finance Agreement Act of 1999 (as amended);

"Financial Collateral Act" means the Norwegian act on financial collateral arrangements of 2004 (as amended);

"Bondholders" has the meaning given to it in the Loan Agreement;

"Pledge Act" means the Norwegian Pledge Act of 1980 (as amended).

Capitalised terms used herein shall, save as expressly defined herein, have the same meanings as ascribed thereto in the Loan Agreement.

V
47

2.

GRANT OF SECURITY

As first priority security for the payment, discharge and performance of the Secured Obligations, the Pledgor hereby pledges in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), all its assets in the Pledge Account no. 6005.05.10436 in Nordea Bank Norge ASA including both present and future credit balances, all interest and commission payable thereon. The Pledgor shall not be entitled to withdraw, transfer or otherwise deal with the credit balance from time to time on the Pledge Account unless the Loan Trustee has provided prior written confirmation.

For the purpose of the pledge of Pledge Account under this Pledge Agreement the Secured Obligations are limited to NOK 130,000,000. In addition to this the Pledge Agreement secures interest, default interest, expenses and any other amount outstanding under the Loan Agreement.

3.

PRIORITY

The pledge shall rank with first priority.

4.

PERFECTION

The Pledgor shall promptly after the signing of this Pledge Agreement (1) notify the relevant bank in the form as set out in Appendix 1 that the Pledge Account has been pledged and (2) provide for the Loan Trustee to receive before Disbursement Day of the Loan, an acknowledgement from the relevant bank in a form set out in Appendix 2 that the relevant bank has received and accepted the pledge and waived any liens, set off rights or other security interest with regard to the Pledge Account.

5.

COVENANTS

The Pledgor undertakes:

(i) not to do or cause or permit to be done anything which will, or could be reasonably expected to adversely affect the security or the rights of the Loan Trustee hereunder, or cause an Event of Default to occur, or which is in any way inconsistent with or depreciates, jeopardises or otherwise prejudices the security or the rights of the Loan Trustee hereunder, and, further, to take such action as shall from time to time be necessary to maintain the security right of the Loan Trustee hereunder;

(ii) not to pledge the Collateral as security for any other obligations or permit to exist any such pledge or other security interest;

(iii) at its own expense, from time to time, upon reasonable request of the Loan Trustee, to execute all documents and do all things as the Loan Tmstee may require to perfect and protect the security created by this Pledge Agreement or following an Event of Default and for so long as it is continuing to facilitate the enforcement or realisation of the security created by this Pledge Agreement and otherwise securing to the Loan Trustee the full benefit of the rights, powers and remedies conferred upon them in this Pledge Agreement.

/X

V

6.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

As of the date hereof, the Pledgor represents and warrants that:

(i) it has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise the entry into, performance, validity and enforceability of this Pledge Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Pledge Agreement;

(ii) subject to any legislative changes after the date hereof, this Pledge Agreement does not and will not breach the constitutional documents of the Pledgor or any document or law or regulation by which the Pledgor is bound;

(iii) this Pledge Agreement constitutes legally binding and valid obligations of the Pledgor enforceable in accordance with its terms against the Pledgor, the liquidator of the Pledgor and third party creditors of the Pledgor (except as such enforcement may be limited by any relevant bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, corporate or similar laws affecting security interests generally);

(iv) the Pledgor has full legal and beneficial ownership of the Collateral; and

(v) this Pledge Agreement constitutes a first ranking priority security interest and other than as created under or pursuant to this Pledge Agreement, the Collateral or any part thereof is free from any lien, other kind of encumbrances or security interests.

7.

EVENT OF DEFAULT, ENFORCEMENT

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall be entitled, in its absolute discretion, to enforce all or any part of the security as it sees fit, including to:

(i) exercise all ownership rights, including all creditor rights, in connection with the Pledge Account, and to instruct the bank holding the Collateral to make payment directly to the Loan Trustee;

(ii) to sell, assign or convert into money all or any part of the Collateral in such a manner and upon such terms (by public or private sale) and for such consideration (whether in cash, securities or other assets) as is then agreed; and

(iii) take any other action in relation to the Collateral as permitted according to the Loan Agreement, to the extent permitted by the Enforcement Act, the Financial Collateral Act or the Pledge Act or other applicable law.

All costs and expenses (including legal fees, any stamp, documentary, filing and other duties and taxes (if any)) incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the enforcement of the Collateral and any other costs and expenses (including legal fees, any stamp, documentary, filing and other duties and taxes (if any)) incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Pledge Agreement shall be borne by the Pledgor and the Pledgor shall indemnify and hold the Loan Trustee harmless in respect of such costs and expenses. All costs and expenses shall be included in the Secured Obligations. The Pledgor shall upon demand within three Banking Days pay all such costs and expenses to the Loan Trustee.

The proceeds of each collection, sale or other disposition under this section shall be applied towards the Secured Obligations of the Pledgor in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement.

I

49

8.

FURTHER ASSURANCES

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Pledgor shall, at its own expense, take whatever action the Loan Trustee may require for the prompt execution of all documents and to do all such things as the Loan Trustee may require to perfect and protect the Collateral or to facilitate the enforcement or realisation of the Collateral.

9.

ASSIGNMENT

The Loan Trustee may assign this Pledge Agreement to a replacement accepted by the Loan Trustee in accordance with the Loan Agreement.

10.

NOTICES

Every notice or demand under this Pledge Agreement shall be made by letter or telefax.

Every notice to be given to the Loan Trustee hereunder shall be sent to the Loan Trustee at the following address:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Haakon VII gate 1 P.O. Box 1470 Vika NO-0116 Oslo Fax: 22 87 94 10

Every notice to be given to the Pledgor shall be sent to the Pledgor at the following address:

Awilco Heavy Transport Beddingen 8 0118 Oslo Fax.: 22 01 43 74

Any notice or other communication given in accordance with the above will be deemed to have been received when:

(a) delivered by post, unless actually received earlier, on the second Banking Day after posting;

(b) delivered by fax, on the day of dispatch, provided that a notice delivered by fax which is dispatched after 15.00 (Oslo time), or on a day, which is not a Banking Day, will be deemed to be given on the next Banking Day.

11.

RELEASE

The Loan Trustee shall, when all the Secured Obligations have been duly and irrevocably fulfilled and discharged, at the request and at the cost of the Pledgor, release the security interest created hereby by notifying the release to the relevant bank where the Pledge Account is held and take any action which may be necessary and which it is able (acting reasonably) to do in order to release the Collateral from the security constituted by this Pledge Agreement.

V
50

12.

PRECEDENCE

If there is a conflict between this Pledge Agreement and the Loan Agreement, then the provisions of the Loan Agreement shall take priority over the provisions of this Pledge Agreement.

13.

DELEGATION

Subject to the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Loan Trustee may delegate by power of attorney or in any other manner all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions which are for the time being exercisable by it under this Pledge Agreement to any person or persons upon such terms and conditions (including the power to sub-delegate) as it may think fit.

14.

CURRENCY

All monies received or held by the Loan Trustee under this Pledge Agreement may be converted into any other currency which the Loan Trustee considers necessary to satisfy the obligations and liabilities comprised in the Secured Obligations in that other currency at the Loan Trustee's spot rate of exchange then prevailing for purchasing that other currency with the existing currency.

No payment to the Loan Trustee (whether under any judgement or court order or otherwise) shall discharge the obligation or liability of the Pledgor in respect of which it was made unless and until the Loan Trustee has received payment in full in the currency in which the obligation or liability was incurred. To the extent that the amount of any such payment shall on actual conversion into that currency fall short of that obligation or liability expressed in that currency, the Loan Trustee shall have a further separate cause of action against the Pledgor and shall be entitled to enforce the security constituted by this Pledge Agreement to recover the amount of the shortfall.

15.

THE NORWEGIAN FINANCE AGREEMENTACT

The Pledgor hereby specifically waives all rights under the provisions of the Norwegian Finance Agreement Act 1999 not being mandatory provisions, including (without limitation) the relevant provisions of sections 62, 63, 65, 66, 67, 70, 71, 72, 73 and 74.

16.

INVALIDITY

If any provision of this Pledge Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any law, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected or impaired in any way.

17.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

(a) This Pledge Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Norway.

(b) Subject to clause 17 (c) below, any legal action or proceedings taken with respect to this Pledge Agreement shall exclusively be brought in the courts of Oslo.

51

(c) The submission to the jurisdiction of the Norwegian courts shall not limit the right of the Loan Trustee or a Finance Party to take any legal action or proceedings against the Pledgor in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Pledgor or any of its assets.

As Pledgor Awilco Heavy Transport ASA

As Loan Trustee Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

V
52! 1

Appendix 1
To: Nordea Bank Norge ASA
Dear Sirs, NOTICE OF PLEDGE OF PLEDGE ACCOUNTS We hereby notify you that by a Pledge Agreement dated [ · ] December 2005 and made in favour of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee"): 1. we have pledged to the Loan Trustee all the assets from time to time standing to the credit of the
Pledge Account held by ourselves, namely: Pledge Account No 6005.05.10436 (the "Pledge Account". The pledge includes both present and future credit balances and all interest payable thereon; 2. the pledged Pledge Account shall be blocked, and any withdrawal, transfer or otherwise dealing with the credit balance from time to time on the Pledge Account by ourselves can only be made with prior written confirmation from the Loan Trustee; and the bank shall have no set-off rights in the Pledged Account, 3. if the Loan Trustee notifies you that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Loan Trustee may, in its discretion, give notice to you and may require payment of the balances on the Pledge Account to the Loan Trustee or to an account designated by the Loan Trustee; and 4. the instructions herein contained cannot be revoked or varied by us without the prior written consent of the Loan Trustee. Please, will you kindly acknowledge receipt of this Notice of Pledge and indicate your receipt thereof by sending to the Loan Trustee an acknowledgement in the form attached hereto. Yours faithfully, Awilco Heavy Transport ASA
Name:
53

Appendix 2
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Haakon VII gate 1 P.O. Box 1470 Vika NO-0116 Oslo Dear Sirs, ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF NOTICE OF A PLEDGE OF PLEDGE ACCOUNT We refer to a letter dated [ · ] from Awilco Heavy Transport ASA to ourselves notifying us of the pledge specified therein. We confirm that: (i) we acknowledge and agree to the terms of the said Notice of pledge o f Pledge Account; (ii) the pledge of the Pledge Account No. 60005.05.10436 has been duly registered on the Pledge
Account and the Pledge Account has been blocked; (iii) we waive our right to set-off any sums or other obligations owed by Nordea Bank Norge ASA
to us against the Pledge Account; (iv) we are not aware of any other assignment of, or pledge over, the Pledge Account.
Place/date: Yours faithfully for and on behalf of Nordea Bank Norge ASA
Name:
54

