NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 0010691017 15 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable Bond Issue 2013/2014
Oslo, 21 November 2013
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Change of debtor, restructuring and refinancing of the Group
1. INTRODUCTION Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is appointed as Bond Trustee for the above mentioned Bond Issue. Terms defined in the Bond Agreement shall have the same meaning when used herein. The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information. 2. BACKGROUND INFORMATION The Issuer is contemplating a restructuring of its business which entails a de-merger of the Issuer, a transfer of the debtor position under the Bond Issue to Lumini AS (the "New Issuer") and certain amendments to the terms of the Bond Issue. 2.1 Restructuring o f the Issuer and change of debtor Currently the Issuer owns several property projects in Eastern Europe through various subsidiaries. Of the property projects, only the commercial shopping center TC Lumini (the "Lumini Project") in Croatia has reached a phase where it has started to generate a certain cash flow for the Issuer. The remaining property projects (the "Development Projects") are still in an early development and planning phase. Since the Lumini Project is developed into a commercial project with a substantially different time horizon and focus than the Development Projects, the Issuer contemplates to separate the Lumini Project from the Development Projects through a
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +4722 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.tmstee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
de-merger. The Lumini Project will be de-merged into the New Issuer. After the de merger, the Issuer's remaining assets will be the Development Projects, while the New Issuer will hold all assets and liabilities related to the Lumini Project. By separating the Lumini Project from the Development Projects, the Group establishes a beneficial division of the Issuer with respect to timing and focus. The Issuer will then have a longer time horizon than the New Issuer and will be able to focus on long term projects. The New Issuer will be able to focus all its energy and efforts on the Lumini Project and to maximize value and return for the stakeholders in that company.
After the de-merger of the Issuer, the Issuer will not be able to service any debt. Consequently the restructuring proposal includes a proposal to transfer the debtor position under the Bond Issue to the New Issuer. The New Issuer will generate a cash flow through its operation of the Lumini Project, while the Issuer will not generate cash in the short term as it will be focused on long term planning and development of the Development Projects.
The de-merger will allow the Issuer and the New Issuer to follow separate paths for developing their respective property projects. Together with the refinancing it also ensures a solid financial base for both companies.
The completion of the de-merger is subject to approval of the general meeting of the Issuer. The general meeting of the Issuer will be held on 5 December 2013 after the Bondholders' Meeting has been held.
2.2 New issue of bonds under the Bond Issue
Before the de-merger of the Issuer has been completed, the Issuer proposes to raise additional funds of minimum NOK 75 million and maximum NOK 96 million by issuing new bonds under the Bond Issue (the "New Bonds"). The New Bonds will then be transferred to the New Issuer as part of the transfer of the entire Bond Issue.
The Lumini Project is scheduled for a grand opening in late March 2014 (the "Grand Opening"). Prior to the Grand Opening certain fit-out works to accommodate the rental areas for the tenants which are opening stores in the shopping center prior to the Grand Opening are required. The proceeds from the New Bonds will mainly be used for this purpose.
Together with an increase o f the total outstanding amount of the Bond Issue through the issue of the New Bonds, the Issuer proposes certain other amendments to the Bond Agreement such as extending the Maturity Date to 1 April 2017. The Issuer also proposes that the interest rate is reduced to 12.5 per cent p.a. to enable the Issuer to service regular interest payments. The first interest payment will be made on 30 June 2014, after which interest will be paid quarterly in arrears. Reference is made to the attached term sheet where the amended terms of the Bond Issue are set out.
2.3 Conversion of other bond debt
The Issuer also has another bond loand called "25 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable Open Bond Issue 2012/2014" with ISIN N00010637457, NO 0010671589 and NO 0010683600 (the "Second Priority Bond Issue"). The
POBox 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo ] Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Issuer will propose that the Second Priority Bond Issue is converted to preferred shares in the New Issuer as part of the refinancing of the Group. Reference is made to a separate summons prepared for the Second Priority Bond Issue in this respect.
Nome Securities AS has been retained as manager to assist the Issuer with the issue of the New Bonds.
For more detailed information, please contact:
Eirik Forthun CEO EELD AS Telephone: +47 90639000 Email: ef@eeld.no
Robert Hagen CFO EELD AS Telephone: +47 99798833 Email: Robert.Hagen@eeld.no
Christian Meland Bang Associate at Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS Telephone: +47 92205049 E-mail: cmba@wiersholm.no
3. THE PROPOSAL
The Issuer requests that the Bondholders consent to (i) the de-merger of the Issuer, (ii) the Term Sheet attached to this summons, (iii) change of the debtor position under the Bond Issue from the Issuer to the New Issuer and (iv) the issue of the New Bonds. As part of the transfer of the debtor position under the Bond Issue from the Issuer to the New Issuer, the Issuer requests that the Bondholders consent to release the Issuer from any joint and vicarious liability arising under the Bond Issue.
4. USE OF PROCEEDS
The proceeds from the New Bonds will be used to finance fit-out costs for tenants in the Lumini Project, general corporate purposes and may also be applied towards repayment of some of the interest accrued under the Second Priority Bond Issue. Such repayment of interest will only be made if the proceeds obtained are sufficient to cover the other needs of the New Issuer.
5. NO COMPENSATION
The proposed de-merger of the Issuer and subsequent refinancing of the Group will benefit the Bondholders and the Group, and the Issuer is therefore of the view that under the current circumstances it is not appropriate to offer any remuneration to the Bondholders.
P0 Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo j Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

6. ISSUER'S EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL

It is the clear opinion of the Issuer that the proposed changes to the Bond Issue is both necessary and beneficial for the Issuer's stakeholders. The issue of the New Bonds is necessary to fulfill the Issuer's short term obligations and to enable the Issuer (and after the de-merger the New Issuer) to continue the development of the Lumini Project. Together with the proposed conversion of debt under the Second Priority Bond Issue the Proposal creates a sustainable solution for the Group's future operation.

7. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

In accordance with the relevant provisions under the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' meeting in respect of the Bond Issue to obtain the necessary consents and approvals to enable the Issuer to complete and implement the de-merger and to make the relevant changes to the Bond Agreement subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Summons and the attached Term Sheet.

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

5 December 2013 at 12:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Voting over the Proposal.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

1. The Proposal (as defined in the summons to this Bondholders' Meeting) is approved by the Bondholders' Meeting.

2. The Bond Trustee is given power of attorney for all matters related to documenting the decisions made by this Bondholders' meeting as well as necessary completion work, including making amendments to the Bond Agreement.

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9 410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(on behalf of)
- Osl c*
Karianne Bruland
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form The Term Sheet Group structure chart before and after the de-merger
POBox 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.tmstee.no

TERM SHEET

Term sheet for issuance of bonds in the 12.5 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue (the "Loan")

Company/Issuer:
New Issuer: Group: Group Company: Currency: Loan Amount: Security for the Loan:
Financial

Emerging Europe Land Development AS, a Norwegian private limited company registered in Norway with registration number 992 394 781.
The Loan will be transferred to the New Issuer in connection with the Financial Restructuring.
Lumini AS, org. no. 912 049 442.
The New Issuer is currently owned 100% by the Issuer, but will be owned by the same shareholders as the Issuer after the Financial Restructuring.
The Issuer (following the Financial Restructuring, the New Issuer) and the Subsidiaries
The Issuer (following the Financial Restructuring, the New Issuer) or any of the Subsidiaries
NOK
The Loan Amount under the Loan is NOK 30,000,000 before the issue of the New Bonds. After the issue of the New Bonds the Loan Amount will be increased to a minimum of NOK 105,000,000 and a maximum of NOK 126,000,000.
The Loan shall be secured by:
First priority pledge on the plot (Norwegian: tomt) where Lumini shopping centre has been built; and
First priority pledge on the building Lumini shopping centre.
The Issuer shall execute the relevant agreements to increase the existing security for the Existing Bonds within 31 January 2014. If the increase of the security is not in place (including any legal opinions) and validly existing by such date, the Issuer shall pay an additional interest of 2 per cent per annum on the outstanding Bonds at such time until all relevant security documents are in place.
The Issuer shall have the right (without any further approval of

Restructuring

the bondholders) to carry out a financial restructuring whereby:

· The Issuer will be demerged and the Issuer's indirect ownership in the Lumini shopping centre and the plot where the shopping center is located will be transferred to the New Issuer

· The New Issuer will assume liability for the Bonds and obligations of the Issuer under the Bond Agreement

· The Issuer will be released from any and all liability under the Bond Agreement, including any vicarious liability under section 14-11 (3) of the Norwegian Companies Act.

Existing Bonds:

The existing bonds issued under the "15 per Cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable Bond Issue 2013/14" (ISIN NO 001069101.7), with an aggregate par value of NOK 30,000,000, the terms of which will be amended as to reflect the terms set out in this term sheet

New Bonds:

The new bonds to be issued as a separate tranche under the Loan with an aggregate par value of minimum NOK 75,000,000 and maximum NOK 96,000,000, which will be on equal terms to the Existing Bonds save that they will not accrue interest before the Issue Date.

The Existing Bonds and the New Bonds will be jointly referred to as the "Bonds".

Tranches:

The Loan will consist of two tranches:

· Tranche 1 will consist of the Existing Bonds

· Tranche 2 will consist of the New Bonds

The two tranches will have different ISIN numbers.

Coupon:

12.5% p.a.

Minimum subscription amount - Tranche 2:

NOK 200,000.

Issue Date:

The issue date for the New Bonds is expected to be on or about 16 December 2013.

Interest payments:

Interest on the New Bonds will accrue from the Issue Date for the New Bonds.

The first interest payment will be made on 30 June 2014, where all interest on the Bonds accrued up until that date will be paid (the "Interest Reset Date"). After the Interest Reset Date the Issuer will pay interest on the Bonds quarterly on each Interest Payment Date.

The day count rate is 30/360 and Business Day is "Oslo".

Interest accrued on the Existing Bonds up until, but not including, the Issue Date for the New Bonds have an interest rate of 15% p.a., while the interest rate for the Existing Bonds will be reduced to 12.5% from the Issue Date for the New Bonds.

2/ 12

Interest Payment Dates:

Means the interest payment dates on 30 September, 30 December, 30 March and 30 June each year after the Interest Reset Date.

Maturity Date:

1 April 2017 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in the Bond Agreement.

Amortisation:

The Bonds shall be repaid at the Maturity Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

Par Value:

The Bonds will have a par value of NOK 1.

Negotiability:

The Bonds are freely negotiable during the entire term.

Issuer's acquisition of own bonds:

The Issuer may acquire and hold its own Bonds. Own Bonds may, if the Issuer so chooses, be kept by the Issuer, transferred or used for depreciation of the remaining Loan.

Issuer's call option:

The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or nothing) at any time from and including;

(i) the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 1.5 years after the Issue Date at a price equal to 106.0% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);

(ii) the date falling 1.5 years after the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 2.5 years after the Issue Date at a price equal to 103.0% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and

(iii) the date falling 2.5 years after Issue Date to, but not included, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 101.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

Pre-payment:

Save for the Issuer's call option, the Issuer does not have the right to repay the Bonds prior to the Maturity Date.

Priority and status of The Loan is senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank pari

the Loan:

passu with other obligations of the Issuer.

Issue price:

NOK 1 per Bond (par value)

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Approvals:

The issue of the New Bonds is subject to approval by the Board of Directors of the Company.

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.

Paying Agent:

Nordea Bank ASA

Periods of limitation:

Claims for interest and principal are time-barred pursuant to the provisions of the Act relating to the limitation period for claims of 18 May 1979 no. 18, currently 3 years for interest and 10 years for principal.

Use of proceeds:

The proceeds from the New Bonds shall be used for development and operation of Lumini shopping centre and general operation of the Group. If the proceeds from the New Bonds exceeds NOK 75 million, the exceeding amount may be utilised to repay parts or all of the incurred interest on the Company's existing bond

3/12

Reporting: Change of control: Conditions Precedent: Fees: Listing: Bond Agreement:
Market making: Governing law:

loan "25 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable Open Bond Issue 2012/2014".
Audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP.
No put option for bondholders upon a change of control
Standard conditions precedent in accordance with the Trustee's standard template
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duties or other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public taxes on the secondary trading of Bonds shall be paid by the bondholders, unless otherwise established by law. The Issuer is responsible for the withholding of any withholding tax imposed by law.
The Bonds will not be listed.
The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative, and will be based on the Norwegian standard. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.
The subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement and the security documents. Although minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur, the provisions in the Bond Agreement will be substantially consistent with those set forth in this Term Sheet.
The Subscription Agreement specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders, who will execute and subscribe by such Subscription Agreements prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become bound by the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become bound by the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.
No market-maker agreement for the Loan has been entered into.
The Bond Agreement will be construed in accordance with Norwegian law. Any disputes arising from the Bond Agreement

4/12

shall be resolved by Oslo District Court.

Eligible purchasers:

The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the subscription agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available). The bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.

Oslo, 21 November 2013

5/ 12

SHEDULE1
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:
(a) Status The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.
(e) No Event o f Default No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
6/ 12

(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities As of the date of the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.
(!) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) Intellectual property The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.
(n) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(o) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
(p) Encumbrances No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7/12

SHEDULE 2
INFORMATION AND GENERAL COVENANTS
(I) Information Covenants
The Issuer shall
(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as an Event of Default;
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;
(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements annually and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year;
(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;
(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;
(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and
(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its financial reports confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants set out in the Bond Agreement, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, and in the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
8/12

(II) General Covenants
(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out under "Status of the Bonds" above.
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(III) Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third party.
All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(c) Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.
9/12

(d) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations). (e) Litigations The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any: (a) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have
been or might be started by or against any Group Company; and (b) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a
Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request. (f) The Issuer shall provide necessary maintenance and insurance of the
Security Interests. (g) The Issuer shall not establish any junior security over any Security Interest
which may jeopardize the Security Interest.
10/ 12

SHEDULE 3

EVENT OF DEFAULTS

The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 - five - Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations The Issuer fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default If the Issuer's aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies,;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
(d) Misrepresen tations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency If for the Issuer
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, windingup, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,

11/ 12

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets, (f) Creditors' process The Issuer has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets, (g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings The Issuer is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed. (h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party. (i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company which might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to may have a Material Adverse Effect. (j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
12/12

Organisation structure prior to the de-merger

H'! - '

--

Lumini AS

s :l,a h sftppp»teeftteri-

l«3%

1- i -.-I | -V ks.p'13%Ltd.
. .«»: i s _ t r :  : : _*·;

--

100%

VsfldiSpäf MUOT'UtC^ji

Lie

I* vojuriervi-is AS

Organisation structure after the completion of the de-merger:

100»i
Shopping center Luminf Ltd. (tornini plot}
lfltwi

li» ;

Be* :::r;r i

1 Ur-p CevebpTent

I

i

; Soutncsstarn

, E>Jrope 2 Ltd.

: .i

