NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0560915 -FRN Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA Senior Unsecured Open Bond Issue 2009/2012 ("NAS02")
Oslo, 16 March 2012
Proposed amendment and new bond issue - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is appointed as Bond Trustee for NAS02. All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement for NAS02. The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information. 1. INTRODUCTION Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA ("NAS" or the "Company") is contemplating a new bond issue (the "New Bond") in the amount of up to NOK 600 million to refinance the existing outstanding bond NAS02 and effectively extend the maturity profile o f its debt financing. The term sheet for the New Bond is attached hereto. The bond agreement for the New Bond will be based on (to the extent possible) NAS02. 2. OVERVIEW OF PROPOSAL NAS proposes that the bondholders approve a refinancing solution as follows:
a) NAS executes an early redemption of the total outstanding amount in NAS02 at price 101% plus accrued interest.
b) For existing bondholders who participate in the New Bond, the early redemption price will be 102% plus accrued interest, for the nominal amount used to subscribe for the New Bond.
c) Settlement for the early redemption will take place on or about 13 April 2012 (the "Settlement Date"). For bonds tendered for subscription in the New Bond, settlement will be carried out through the arrangers of the New Bond.
Those bondholders who want to participate in the New Bond are requested to contact one of the arrangers a minimum o f 3 banking days in advance of the Settlement Date.
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Sw itchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | F ax:+47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

For more detailed information, please contact one of the arrangers of the New Bond:

Arctic Securities ASA Kristian Pande Horn Tel: +47 2101 3274 Mail: kristian.pande.horn@arcticsec.no

Swedbank First Securities Håvard Kvam Tel:+47 2311 6253 Mail: havard.kvam@swedbank.no

To enable the Issuer to conduct the proposed change of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

30 March 2012 at 10:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

Resolution:

(1) The Bondholders' Meeting approved the proposal as described under item 2 (Overview o fproposal) above.

(2) The Bond Trustee is given the power o f attorney to enter into the necessary documents and/or agreements to document and effect the decisions made by this Bondholders' Meeting, including, but not limited to, amend to the Bond Agreement, and by the subscribes to the New Bond, to negotiate and execute the bond agreement for the New Bond.

-2 -

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 o f the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to form a quorum, at least 1/2 o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged. Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership o f the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.) The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page o f this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Jp Forfang
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form Indicative term sheet
-3 -

Indicative Term Sheet

n o rw e g ia n g ^

IS IN :[©]

Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2012/2015 (tSie "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")

Settlement date expected to be: 13 April2012

Issuer: Group:

Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA.
Means the Issuer and all its (directly or indirectly owned) Subsidiaries from time to time, each a "Group Company".

Currency:

NOK

Borrowing limit: First tranche:

NOK 800,000,000 Up to NOK 600,000,000

Coupon rate:

3 months NIBOR + [5.00 - 5.50] % p.a., quarterly interest payments

Settlement Bate:

Expected to be 13 April 2012. Notice is expected to be given to subscribers minimum two banking days prior to Settlement Date.

Final Maturity Bate: 13 April 2015 (3 years after Settlement Date).

First interest payment day:

13 July 2012 (3 months after Settlement Date).

Last interest payment 13 April 2015 (3 years after Settlement Date). day:

Interest Payments:

Interest will start to accrue on Settlement Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the interest payment day in January, April, July and October each year, or if the interest payment day does not fall on a Norwegian banking day on the first subsequent Norwegian banking day. The day count fraction for the coupon is act/360 modified following.

Issue Price:

100.00 (par)

Amortization:

The Bonds shall be repaid on the Final Maturity Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interests on redeemed amount).

Nominal value: Status of the Bonds:
Purpose of the Bonds:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of NOK 500,000 each. Minimum subscription amount shall be NOK 500,000.
The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with other existing unsecured senior debt of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be employed for refinancing of the bond issue with ISIN NO 001 056091.5 (FRN Senior Unsecured Open Bond due December 2012) and for general corporate purposes.

page l

Special covenants applicable to the Issuer:

During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants and undertakings at any time:

a) Mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or such Group Company with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

b) De-mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or such Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

c) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group horn that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.

d) Disposal of business: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions and such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

e) Reporting: The Issuer shall of its own accord make management and financial reports (quarterly, written in English) available to the Trustee (or via the distribution system at Oslo Stock Exchange as long as the Issuer's shares or bonds are listed) and on its web pages for public distribution not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60days after the end of the relevant interim period.

g) Dividends or other distributions: During the term of the Bond the Issuer shall not within a calendar year make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions or loans to its shareholders (including any transaction with a similar effect) that constitutes more than, on a consolidated basis, 35 per cent of the net profit after taxes of the Group based on the audited accounts for the previous accounting year (any un-utilized portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not be carried forward), save that the Issuer may repurchase shares in connection with any option or similar incentive program of the Issuer in force at any time made for the benefit of its employees and/or management and/or directors of the Issuer.

Financial Covenants: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group (on a consolidated basis) complies with the following Financial Covenants:

Book Equity to Capital Employed: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group, on a consolidated basis, maintains a Book Equity which constitutes more than 30 per cent of Capital Employed.

Liquidity: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains minimum Liquidity of NOIC 100 million

The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Group complies with the above Financial Covenants at all times, such compliance to be certified by the Issuer with each annual financial statement and quarterly financial statement. All Financial Covenants shall be

page 2

calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group during the term of the Bonds.

Definitions:

Book Equity means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total equity in accordance with GAAP, as set out in the then most recent audited consolidated annual financial statements (or, if more recent, the latest quarterly financial reports) of the Issuer.

Finance Documents means (i) the Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement to be entered into between the Trustee and the Issuer relating to the Trustee's fees, (iii) any other document which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

GAAP means International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) or generally accepted accounting principles in Norway, as the Issuer may decide from time to time.

Liquidity means the aggregate book value of the Group's freely available and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents (on a consolidated basis) and other cash which is available for the servicing of the debt of the Group.

Capital Employed means Book Equity plus Net Interest Bearing Debt.

Net Interest Bearing Debt means the aggregate book value of the Group's total interest bearing debt less any cash (on a consolidated basis), in accordance with GAAP, as set out in the then most recent audited consolidated annual financial statements or the latest quarterly financial reports (as the case may be).

"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.

Material Adverse Effect:

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement.

Change of Control:

Upon a Change of Control Event or De-Listing Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment (Put Option) of the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 days following the notice of a Change of Control Event.

Change of Control Event:

Change of Control Event means any person or group becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Issuer.

De-Listing Event:

De-Listing Event means an event where the Issuers shares are de-listed from the Oslo Stock Exchange.

Issuer's ownership of The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's

Bonds:

discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Event of Default:

The Bond Agreement shall include standard event of default provisions, including cross default provisions for the Issuer and any Group Company on any financial indebtedness of NOK 50 million or more.

Approvals:

The issuance of the Bonds has been authorized by the Issuer's Board.

Joint Lead Managers:

Arctic Securities ASA, P.O. Box 1833 Vika, N-0123 Oslo, Norway Swedbank First Securities, Filipstad Brygge 1, N-0115 Oslo, Norway

page 3

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, NO-0116 Oslo, Norway

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.

Paying Agent:

DNB Bank ASA

Issuer's org. number: 965 920 358

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

Bond Agreement:

The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the Bondholders' representative. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.

Each subscriber in the Bonds, such subscription documented by an application form, a taped telephone conversation, e-mail or otherwise, is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur.

Each subscriber in the Bonds either through the application form (if applied) or documented as otherwise specified in the foregoing, specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective Bondholders. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.

Stock Exchange Listing:

An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.

Market making:

No market-maker agreement has been made for this Issue.

Eligible purchasers:

The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule

page 4

Subject to:

144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance witli Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Stock Exchange, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.
The issue of Bonds shall be subject to finalized loan documentation and approval of loan documentation by the Issuer and the Trustee.
THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT TO (A) A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" PURSUANT TO RULE 144A OF THE SECURITIES ACT, (B) A PERSON WHO IS NOT A U.S. PERSON IN AN "OFFSHORE TRANSACTION' PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATES AND ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES IN RELIANCE ON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND CERTAIN STATE LAWS. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC") NOR ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE OR FOREIGN SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR DETERMINED IF THIS TERM SHEET IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.
Oslo, 15 March 2012

norwegian
Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA As Issuer

!·' A R C T I C SECURITI E5
Arctic Securities ASA As Joint Lead Manager

Swedbank^ (first securities
Swedbank First Securities As Joint Lead Manager

page 5

