NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: N00010665367 -FRN Otium AS Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2012/2015
Oslo, 6 November 2015
Important information to Bondholders - Completion of Restructuring
Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bonds") issued by Otium AS as issuer (the "Issuer"). Capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 17 December 2012, as amended (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated.
With reference to notice to Bondholders of 25 September 2015, Bondholders are hereby informed that definitive final agreements with respect to the Restructuring (as defined in the Summons) have been executed, and that completion of the proposal (the "Proposal") adopted by the Bondholders' meeting at 21 July 2015 pursuant to a summons letter of 17 July 2015 (the "Summons") will now take place. When including the Consideration Bonds (as defined in the Summons), Bonds with principal value of NOK 95 million (plus accrued PIK interest thereon) will be converted. Following such conversion, approx. NOK 5.19 million of principal amount and accrued PIK interest (amended to NIBOR+2 pet. p.a. per 17 July 2015 pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement) will remain outstanding under the Bond Issue, as amended.
As part of completion of the Restructuring, the Issuer will also complete the distribution of the Consideration Bonds (as defined in the Summons), which will be distributed pro rata to the Bondholders without further consideration.
As per the terms of the Proposal, Bondholders may on an individual basis, as an alternative to converting such Conversion Bonds, opt to sell such Consideration Bonds against a cash consideration of 15 % of their Face Value. Any Bondholders who wish to accept such offer to receive cash payment (the "Cash Consideration") must complete and return the acceptance form attached hereto within [16] November 2015 at 4:00 pm CET as further set out therein.
No action is required by Bondholders not wanting to accept such offer.
The Cash Consideration (for those accepting the cash payment offer) and the Consideration Bonds (for those not accepting the cash payment offer) is expected to be distributed to Bondholders on or about 17 November 2015. The conversion of the Bonds (including the Conversion Bonds) is expected to be completed by delivery of B-shares to Bondholders' VPS-accounts on or about 19 November 2015. The Bond Trustee will separately announce fixed record dates for distributions.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1. Oslo

nordictrustee.com

Moxten S. Bredesen Enclosure - acceptance form

Acceptance Form - offer to sell Consideration Bonds in FRN Otium AS Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2012/2015
This acceptance form is for use in connection with the offer (the "Offer") to receive Cash Consideration instead of Consideration Bonds as described in the notice to Bondholders of 6 November 2015 (the "Notice") to which this form is attached. Capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Notice, unless otherwise stated. Properly completed and signed acceptance forms may be sent by e-mail, fax or post, or be hand delivered to the Issuer, c/o Advokatfirmaet Sch^dt AS (the "Receiver ") at the address set out below. IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO ACCEPT THE OFFER TO RECEIVE CASH CONSIDERATION INSTEAD OF CONSIDERATION BONDS, THEN NO ACTION IS REQUIRED. Cash Consideration: 15% of par value. Acceptance deadline: 16 November 2015 at 4:00 pm (CET)
Return to: Otium AS c/o Advokatfirmaet Schjødt AS Ruseløkkveien 14 P.O. Box 2444 Solli 0201 Oslo Norway
Fax: +47 22 83 17 12 E-mail: otium@schjodt.no
Acceptance deadline: IF YOU WANT TO ACCEPT THE OFFER, THIS ACCEPTANCE FORM MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE RECEIVER BY 04:00 PM (CET) ON 16 NOVEMBER 2015. THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REJECT ANY ACCEPTANCE OF THE OFFER WHICH IS NOT IN PROPER FORM, OR WHICH MAY BE UNLAWFUL.
Guidance/terms: · This acceptance covers all the Consideration Bonds which the acceptant is entitled to receive, as described in the Notice. · Bondholders with Bonds registered on several VPS accounts will receive, and must complete, sign and return, an acceptance form for each
account. · By returning a signed acceptance form, I/we irrevocable authorize the Receiver to facilitate the transfer of the Consideration Bonds to which
we are entitled to the acquirer(s) thereof and (and against) payment in NOK of the Cash Consideration to the bank account registered for payment purposes in VPS. If no such account is registered, then payment will be made to the account stated by the acceptant below. · By returning a signed acceptance form, I/we confirm that my/our acceptance is not restricted according to the laws of the jurisdictions applicable to me/us, and that The Consideration Bonds may be transferred without encumbrances. · The Offer and this acceptance form are governed by and will be interpreted in accordance with Norwegian law. Any disputes are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Norway, with the Oslo District Court as legal venue.
Acceptance: By signing and returning this acceptance form I/we represent and warrant that we have received and read the Notice, and that I/we accept the Offer and thus choose to receive the Cash Consideration for the Conversion Bonds to which I/we are entitled.
Name of Bondholder:
VPS account number:

Place

Date

Authorised signature*

Telephone daytime

* If signed by power of attorney, the power of attorney (and with respect to companies, Certificate of Registration or similar documentation) shall be enclosed. If signed by a person with signatory right, Certificate of Registration or similar documentation shall be enclosed.

If relevant, fill in non-VPS dividend bank account for cash settlement:

Name o f bank

IBAN

Swift/Bic

Other

