NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA på telefon +47 22 87 94 00

To the bondholders in:

ISIN NO 001 060119.8 11.75 per cent. Dannemora Mineral AB Callable Senior Secured Bond Issue 2011/2016

Oslo, 19 March 2014
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting regarding request for (i) a temporary waiver of the 22 March 2014 interest coupon payment obligation and (ii) a further temporary waiver of the 22 September 2013 interest coupon payment obligation and the breach of the Minimum Liquidity covenant in the Bond Agreement
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM") acts as trustee for the holders of the bonds (the "Bonds") in the above mentioned issue with ISIN N0001 060119.8, issued by Dannemora Mineral AB ("Dannemora" or the "Company").
Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalised terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 18 March 2011 (the "Bond Agreement").
The information in this summons regarding the Company and market conditions is provided by the Company, and NTM expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. Introduction and Background
1.1 Operational Update
The market is still strong and price average relative to the reference price is improving. Better planning and understanding of the different iron deposits has resulted in less variation in the quality of the finished product.
After minor adjustments in the processing plant in February the throughput of raw iron ore is still increasing. Volume of raw iron ore is now predicted to be 5% higher than planned. With mass recovery stable just above 40%, a higher volume of finished product than planned is expected. In addition, the mild winter has kept the costs of handling snow and ice at a low level and there have been no issues with the logistics system.
As previously communicated, management considers that operations are approaching the full potential of the current facility and significant new investments are needed to improve the recovery rate and output of finished products. In the absence of such investments, it is unlikely that the company will be able to operate profitably on a sustainable basis.
1.2 Financial Update
Based on current cash-flow models and liquidity forecasts, the Company does not expect to be able to pay the interest falling due for payment in respect of the Bonds on 22 March 2014 (the "22 March Interest Payment") as required by Clause 9 of the Bond Agreement. Failure to satisfy the 22 March Interest Payment on its due date would constitute an Event of Default under Clause 15.1(a) of the Bond Agreement (subject, if applicable, to expiry of the 5 Business Day grace period). The Company is continuing discussions with its stakeholders,
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

trade partners, certain potential investors and the Bondholders to pursue viable options regarding a restructuring of the capital structure; however, any such restructuring solution will not be able to be implemented before the 22 March Interest Payment becomes due and payable.

Additionally, for the reasons explained in the summons to a Bondholders' Meeting dated 24 September 2013, the Company failed to pay the interest falling due for payment in respect of the Bonds on 22 September 2013, as required by Clause 9 of the Bond Agreement (the "22 September Interest Payment"). On 22 October 2013, the Bondholders' Meeting authorised NTM to grant a temporary waiver of the 22 September Interest Payment (the "22 September Interest Payment Waiver").

Further, for reasons also explained in the summons to a Bondholders' Meeting dated 22 July 2013, the Company breached the minimum liquidity covenant in Clause 13.5(f) of the Bond Agreement (which requires that the Company maintains a minimum Liquidity (as defined in the Bond Agreement) of SEK 50 million at all times) (the "Minimum Liquidity Covenant") on 16 August 2013. The Bondholders' Meeting held on 5 August 2013 authorised NTM to grant a temporary waiver of the Minimum Liquidity Covenant. Such temporary waiver of the Minimum Liquidity Covenant expired on 22 September 2013, as explained in the summons dated 24 September 2013, and NTM were authorised in the Bondholders' Meeting on 2 October 2013 to grant a further temporary waiver of the Minimum Liquidity Covenant (the "Minimum Liquidity Covenant Waiver").

The 22 September Interest Payment Waiver and the Minimum Liquidity Covenant Waiver have now expired and, accordingly, the Company has requested further temporary waivers in respect of the 22 September Interest Payment and the breach of the Minimum Liquidity Covenant.

1.3 Request fo r waiver

Dannemora hereby requests, subject to the Waiver Conditions (as defined below), that the Bondholders temporarily waive:

(i)

the requirement to satisfy the 22 September Interest Payment;

(ii) the requirement to satisfy the 22 March Interest Payment; and

(iii) the Minimum Liquidity Covenant

(together, the "Waiver").

Notwithstanding the granting of the Waiver,

(i) the unpaid 22 September Interest Payment shall bear interest from 22 September 2013 until it is paid; and

(ii) the unpaid 22 March Interest Payment shall bear interest from 22 March 2014 until it is paid,

at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate set out in Clause 9 of the Bond Agreement plus 5% per annum, as required by Clause 11.4 of the Bond Agreement.

2

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
1.2 Conditions Precedent to the Waiver
The effectiveness of the Waiver will be subject to NTM's determination, in its sole discretion, that the following matters have been satisfied by the date of the Bondholders' Meeting referred to in Section 4 below.
(a) no member of the Group having entered into any bankruptcy, reconstruction, liquidation, administration, receivership or any other insolvency procedure (or any analogous proceeding in any other jurisdiction), whether voluntary or involuntary;
(b) no enforcement or acceleration or debt recovery action having been taken by or on behalf of any of the other creditors and/or suppliers of the Company or any member of the Group under or in connection with any other indebtedness or due amounts of the Company or any member of the Group; and
(c) all invoices issued to the Company by Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP ("Bingham"), The Blackstone Group International Partners LLP ("Blackstone") and Advokatfirman Vinge KB (together, the "NTM Advisers") for fees and expenses (including the provision of appropriate fee reserves) have been paid in full,
(items (a) to (c) being the "Conditions Precedent").
1.3 Ongoing Conditions to the Waiver
NTM may, by notice to the Company, terminate the Waiver at any time with immediate effect following NTM's determination, in its sole discretion, that any of the following events has occurred:
(a) the Company has failed to prepare and provide NTM with a rolling weekly cash flow statement, in a form satisfactory to NTM, by Wednesday of each week showing the costs and amounts to be payable by each member of the Group for a period of at least the following 12 weeks (it being understood that the liquidity forecasts which have been provided to the NTM Advisers during the last weeks preceding this letter constitutes a satisfactory form);
(b) the Company has failed to maintain in place and comply with:
(i) the fee agreement dated 10 July 2013 between the Company and Bingham;
(ii) the engagement and fee agreement between the Company, Blackstone and NTM;
(iii) the fee agreement dated 31 July 2013 between the Company and Vinge; and/or
(iv) any other fee agreement entered into with NTM's advisers from time to time;
(c) the Company (or any Group entity) has failed to ensure that Blackstone is promptly informed of, fully involved in and able to fully participate in (i) the preparations and planning, which are not only ideas and discussions in a preliminary stage, for any potential M&A or fund-raising process in respect of the Company and/or the Group (or any member or business unit of the Group) and (ii) the material discussions and
3

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
meetings with any potential sponsor, strategic partner or similar or analogous third party in the context of any capital raising for, and/or a restructuring of, the Company's and/or the Group's capital structure;
(d) the Company has ceased to continue to provide on an ongoing basis, subject to customary confidentiality obligations, to NTM, NTM's advisers and the informal ad hoc committee of Bondholders (the "Committee") full access to the Company and its Group entities and their respective advisers and consultants for the purpose of undertaking due diligence and appraising the Company's ongoing legal and financial position;
(e) any member of the Group has entered into any bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, receivership, reconstruction or any other insolvency procedure (or any analogous proceeding in any other jurisdiction), whether voluntary or involuntary;
(f) any enforcement or acceleration or debt recovery action has been taken by or on behalf of any of the other creditors and/or suppliers of the Company or any member of the Group under or in connection with any other indebtedness or due amounts of the Company or any member of the Group; or
(g) in NTM's opinion it has, or will, become, impractical or impossible to implement a restructuring of the Group that will leave it commercially and financially viable on a medium-term basis,
(events (a) to (g) being the "Ongoing Conditions" and, together with the Conditions Precedent, the "Waiver Conditions").
1.4 NTM's Discretion
NTM may, at its discretion (i) elect to waive any of the Waiver Conditions or waive or extend the time period applicable to any such Ongoing Conditions on behalf of the Bondholders and/or (ii) elect to extend the time period applicable to the Waiver on behalf of the Bondholders in the manner described in further detail in sub-Section 2.2(ii) below, where it considers, following consultation with the NTM Advisers, that to do so would benefit the Bondholders generally ("NTM's Discretion").
NTM shall have no liability whatsoever to any Bondholder or any other person in connection with the exercise of NTM's Discretion.
1.5 Further information
For further information on the above mentioned issues and other updates, please refer to the Company's stock exchange announcements and the Company's financial reports. The latest interim report is available on www.newsweb.no.
For further information about the Company, please visit the Company's website www.dannemoramineral.se.
1.6 Reservation o f Rights
All rights and remedies of NTM and the Bondholders that they may have now or in the future against the Company or any other member of the Group (and each of their directors)
4

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

in relation to any circumstances or matter in connection with the occurrence of an Event of Default, whether or not subsisting at the date of this summons, are reserved. The passing of time, any action, inaction, omission, statement or discussion with, by or on the part of NTM (or the Bondholders) should not be construed as constituting a waiver of, or as prejudicing or limiting, any of the rights that NTM may now or hereafter have in respect of such Events of Default. Nothing in this summons shall be, or be deemed to be, a waiver of any breach or potential breach (present or future) of any provision of the Bond Agreement or a waiver of any obligations and/or of the rights or remedies of NTM or the Bondholders under and in connection with the Bond Agreement.

2.

Proposal

2.1 Waiver Proposal

The Company proposes that the Bondholders grant the Waiver, subject to the Waiver Conditions, and approve NTM's ability to exercise NTM's Discretion.

2.2 Effectiveness

The Waiver shall remain in effect until the earliest of:

(i) following a determination by NTM, in its sole discretion, that any of the events set out in sub-Section 1.3 has occurred, the date on which NTM informs the Company that, as a consequence of the occurrence of such event, NTM has terminated the Waiver; and

(ii) without prejudice to (i) immediately above, 7 April 2014 (the "Longstop Date") provided that NTM may, at its discretion, elect to extend the Waiver on behalf of the Bondholders on one or more occasions beyond the Longstop Date, where it considers, following consultation with the NTM Advisers, that to do so would benefit the Bondholders generally.

3.

Evaluation of the Proposals

3.1 Non-Reliance

The proposals in this summons are presented to the Bondholders without evaluation or recommendations from NTM. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the above proposals are acceptable.

4.

Summons for Bondholders' Meeting

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time: 26 March 2014 at 11:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place: The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA,

Haakon Vlls gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5th floor

Agenda:

1.

Approval of the summons.

5

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

2.

Approval of the agenda.

3.

Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman.

4.

Request for adoption of proposals:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:

"The Bondholders:

(a) approve the Waiver (subject to the Waiver Conditions) and the exercise of NTM's Discretion, each as described in Section 1 of the summons for the Bondholders' Meeting;

(b) instruct NTM (in consultation with NTM's Advisers) to do all things and take such steps on behalf of the Bondholders as may be necessary or desirable to support or give effect to the Waiver and the Waiver Conditions and the exercise of NTM's Discretion, including, without limitation:

(i) amending and/or waiving the terms of the Bond Agreement and/or the other Finance Documents; and

(ii) negotiating, documenting and entering into other legal agreements, granting amendments and waivers and giving instructions, consents, approvals and directions; and

(c) agree that NTM, in consultation with its advisers, may exercise (or refuse to exercise) any discretion, consent or approval required or contemplated in connection with the matters referred to in the summons to the Bondholders' Meeting, and that neither NTM nor the Committee shall have any liability whatsoever to any Bondholder or any other person in connection with the exercise (or non-exercise) of any such discretion which is exercised in good faith."

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing more than 66% per cent, of the Voting Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting for the Bonds must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your holding of Bonds at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered.)
The individual Bondholder may authorise NTM to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising NTM to vote, must then be returned to NTM promptly before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to post@trustee.no, +47 22 87 94 10, or Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway).
6

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was signed, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence that NTM accepts as sufficient proof of the new Bondholder's ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those persons who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or other than by advance proxy delivered to NTM, to notify NTM by telephone or by e-mail (details on the first page of this letter) by 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) on the Business Day before the Bondholders' Meeting is scheduled to take place. Yours sincerely, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Fll~UIII\ LUI l U U t l g
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
7

