NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kuri utarbeidet pт engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA pт telefon +4722 87 94 00.
To the Bondholders in: NO 001 044650.3 -1 1 .0 0 per cent Discover Petroleum AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue
2008/2012 Oslo, 9 July 2012
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. INTRODUCTION Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee" or "NTM") acts as trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") of the bond issue "11.00 per cent Discover Petroleum AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2008/2012" with ISIN NO 001 044650.3 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue") issued by Front Exploration AS (the "Company" or the "Issuer"). The terms and conditions of the Bonds are set out in the bond agreement dated 9 July 2008 (as amended) between Company and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) (the "Bond Agreement"). All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Bond Agreement or the summons to this bondholders' meeting (the "Summons") unless otherwise stated. The information in this Summons regarding the legal, operational and financial status of the Issuer is provided by the Issuer, and the Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
2. THE PROPOSAL The Company has resolved to propose to the Bondholders certain changes to the Bond Agreement and to approve the request for a waiver, and the Company has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the following proposed changes (the "Proposal"):
(A) To waive the requirement in the Bond Agreement Clause 17.3 that the Summons for the Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 5 Business Days before the Bondholders' Meeting, and by that to give their acceptance for the Bondholders' Meeting to be held with shorter notice than 5 Business Days, and alternatively at the same day as the date of the Summons for the Bondholders' Meeting;
(B) The definition of "Maturity Date" in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) shall be amended to read as follows:
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 9400 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
2/4

""Maturity Date"means 31.01.2013, orfive days after the Issuer has received the 2012 refund , whichever comesfirst. " (C) To amend the Bond Agreement in accordance with the Draft Amendment Agreement attached in Schedule 1 hereto.
3. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL The Company's evaluation: The Issuer believes that the Proposal is the best possible solution available for all stakeholders including the Bondholders.
The Bond Trustee - Non-reliance: Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders should independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly.

4. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

9 Monday July 2012 at 11:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1 (5th floor), 01061 Oslo

Agenda:
Pursuant to the Bond Agreement, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from Norsk Tillitsmann.
1. Approval of the Summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Request for amendments of the Bond Agreement
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:
A. Proposed resolution The Bondholders meeting approved the amendments as described in Clause 2 herein - the Proposal.

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
B. Condition Precedents The Proposal is subject to the fulfillment of the following conditions (the "Condition Precedents"): (i) Duly execution of the Amendment Agreement (as defined below) and the Security Documents (as amended and/or amended and restated) by all parties; and (II) Any legal opinions required by the Trustee received in a form and with a substance satisfactory to the Trustee regarding the Amendment Agreement, the Security Documents and any other matter as reasonably requested by the Trustee.
C. Dependent on acceptance from Bondholders' meetings In order that a valid resolution shall be adopted for the Bond, the proposed changes must be approved by the Bondholders' meetings as described herein.
D. Effectiveness and execution of the resolution: The Trustee is hereby authorized to complete the negotiation of form, terms, conditions and timing in relation to the Proposal. Further, the Trustee is given the power of attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with decisions made by the Bondholders' meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including make other necessary amendments of the Bond Agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") and the Security Documents, and collect necessary legal opinions on the transaction and payment structure and the tax consequences thereof.
The above mentioned resolution will, according to the Bond Agreement, require a qualified majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting voting in favour of such proposal and a minimum 1/2 of the Voting Bonds being represented at the Bondholder's Meeting. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-0O0-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody, i.e., the owner is not registered directly in the VPS, the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered.)
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE 4/4
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds, For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerelv
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form of Attendance/Proxy Form Schedule 1: Draft Amendment Agreement
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

ISIN: NO 001 044650.3
Amendment Agreement No. 2 to
the Bond Agreement between
Front Exploration AS ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 11 per cent Discover Petroleum AS Senior Secured Callable Bond
Issue 2008/2012

This Amendment Agreement No. 2 (the "Agreement") is dated on [o] July 2012 and made between:
(1) F ront Exploration AS (a company incorporated in Norway with Company NO 987 581 883) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) N orsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

WHEREAS:
(A) Reference is made to the bond agreement for "/ / per cent Discover Petroleum AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2008/2012" with ISIN 001059802.2), originally dated 9 July 2008 and as amended (the "Bond Agreement").
(B) In the Bondholders' meeting held [o] July 2012, (he Bondholders approved to extend the maturity and certain other changes of the Bond Agreement, and authorised the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders to enter into this Agreement and to carry out any necessary completion work.
(C) The Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Issuer has now agreed to amend the Bond Agreement on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement.
IT IS AGREED as follows:
1. DEFINITIO N S AND INTERFPRETATION

1.1 Definitions
In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
"Effective Date" means the date when the Bond Trustee has confirmed by letter to the Issuer (Appendix 1) that the conditions set out in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) of this Agreement are fulfilled or, where applicable, waived, and represents the date when the amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence.

1.2 Incorporation of defined terms In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

a term defined in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) of the Bond Agreement has the same meaning

when used in this Agreement; and

(b) the principles o f construction set out in Clause 1.2 (Construction) o f the Bond Agreement shall have the effect as if set out in this Agreement.

2

2. REPRESENTATIONS
The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 under Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of the Bond Agreement to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a)

on the date of this Agreement; and

(b)

on the Effective Date.

3. AMENDMENT
3.1 Amendment The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) The definition of "Maturity Date" in Clause 1.1 {Definitions) shall be amended to read as follows:
""Maturity Date" means 31.01.2013, orfive days after the Issuer has received the 2012 refund , whichever comesfir s t. "

3.2 Continuing obligations
The provisions of the Bond Agreement shall, save a s.amended and restated by this Agreement and/or as temporarily waived by the Bondholders by resolution in the Bondholders' meeting dated 09 July 2012 (as the case may be), continue in full force and effect. References to the Bond Agreement in any other document shall from the Effective Date be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.

4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

(a)

The obligation of the Bond Trustee to accept that the Bond Agreement is amended in

accordance with the terms o f this Agreement is conditional upon the Bond Trustee having

received in form and substance satisfactoiy to it:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by all parties hereto,

(ii) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute this Agreement,

(iii) a power o f attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution o f this Agreement, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Issuer.

(b)

When the conditions set out above are met in a manner satisfactory to the Bond Trustee,

the Bond Trustee shall inform the Issuer in writing o f the Effective Date.

3

5. MISCELLANEOUS
5.1 Incorporation of terms The provisions Clause 18.7 (Dispute resolution and legal venue) of the Bond Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to "this Agreement" are also references to this Agreement.
5.2 Additional Finance Document This Agreement shall constitute a "Finance Document" for the purposes of the Bond Agreement.
Each party to this Agreement acknowledge and agree that, with effect from the Effective Date, each reference in any Finance Document to the Bond Agreement shall be construed as a reference also to this Agreement. References to the Bond Agreement in the Finance Documents shall be construed as reference to the Bond Agreement as amended pursuant to this Agreement.
6. GOVERNING LAW This Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian law

Front Exploration AS

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Issuer

Bond Trustee

This Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

4

APPENDIX 1 To: Front Exploration Date:
ISIN NO 001 044650.3 - AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO 2 EFFECTIVE DATE NOTICE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA confirms that the conditions set out in Clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) of this Agreement are fulfilled or, where applicable, waived, and represents the date when the amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence on [date], and that this is the Effective Date. и'ии'-i regards, iNORSK TILLITSMANN ASA [Name]
5

