Bond Agreement

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Entered into: between the Issuer: Company No. and the Bond Trustee: Company No. on behalf of the Bondholders in: with IS1N:

20 March 2014 Storebrand Livsforsikring AS 958 995 369 Norsk Tillitsmann ASA 963 342 624 FRN Storebrand Livsforsikring AS Perpetual Subordinated Bond 2014 NO 001 070602.1

The Issuer undertakes to issue the Bonds in accordance with the terms set forth in this Bond Agreement.
1. Terms of the Issue
The terms of the Issue are as follows, supplemented by the definitions and clarifications set forth in Section 2:

Maximum Amount: Initial Amount: Face Value: Currency: Issue Date: Maturity Date: Redemption Price: Call:
Put: Coupon Accrual Date: Coupon: Reference Rate: Margin:
Coupon Date:
Day Count Fraction: Additional Return:

NA 1,100 million
1,000,000 NOK (Norwegian Krone) 25 March 2014 Perpetual 100 % of Face Value Ordinary Call: 25 March 2024, and on any Coupon Date thereafter.

Call Price: 100 % of Face Value

Regulatory Call: See Clause 3.9.2

NA

NA

Issue Date

Reference Rate + Margin

3 months (NIBOR)

2.70 percentage points p.a. until Call Date, thereafter 2.70 percentage points p.a. + 1.00 percentage points p.a.

25 March, 25 June, 25 September and 25 December each year.

Actual/360

NA

1

Business Day Convention: Listing: Exchange:

Modified Following YES Oslo Børs

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2 y

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2. Clarifications and definitions

When used in this Bond Agreement, the following words and terms shall have the following meaning and definition:

Additional Return: Applicable Regulations:
Attachment: Bankruptcy Event:
Bond Agreement: Bond Trustee: Bondholder: Bondholders' Meeting: Bonds: Business Day: Business Day Convention:

If YES is specified, certain conditions set forth in Attachment

apply regarding yield. If NA is specified, no provisions regarding

Additional Return apply.

(i) prior to the implementation of Solvency II into Norwegian

law, any legislation, rules or regulations (whether having the force

of law or otherwise) applying to the Issuer, the Issuer Group or any

member o f the Issuer Group from time to time relating to the

characteristics, features or criteria of own funds or capital resources

and, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation to the

foregoing, includes any legislation, rules or regulations relating to

such matters which are supplementary or extraneous to the

obligations imposed on Norway by Solvency I or the Solvency II

Directive;

(ii) following the implementation of Solvency II into

Norwegian law, such rules and regulations as introduced in

Norway from tune to time for the purposes o f implementing

Solvency II into Norwegian law.

Any attachments to this Bond Agreement.

A decision by the Ministry o f Finance that the Issuer shall become

subject to public administration (No: Offentlig administrasjon)

according to the Act on Guarantee Schemes for Banks and Public

Administration (Act 6 December 1996 no. 75) (NO:

Banksikringsloven), as amended from time to time.

This agreement including any Attachments to which it refers, and

any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the

parties hereto.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA or its successors).

Holder o f Bond(s) as registered in the Securities Register.

Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in Section 5 of this Bond

Agreement.

Securities issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement and which is

registered in the Securities Register, each a "Bond".

Any day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is

open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency

transactions.

Convention for adjusting any relevant payment date ("Payment

Date") if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business

Day;

<

(i) I f Modified Business Day is specified, the applicable

Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day.

(ii) I f Modified Following Business Day is specified, the

applicable Payment Date shall be the first following

Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar

month, in which case the date shall be the first preceding

Business Day.

3

i/ ff

$

Call:
Capital Disqualification Event:
Capital Requirement Breach: Compulsory Interest Payment Date:
Coupon:
Coupon Accrual Date: Coupon Date: Currency: Day Count Fraction:

Norsk Tilfitsmann ASA

(iii) If No Adjustment is specified, the applicable Coupon

Payment Date shall not be adjusted even if that day is not a

Business Day (payments shall be made on the fust

following Business Day),

Issuer's early redemption right of Bonds at the date(s) stated (the

"Call Date") and corresponding price(s) (the "Call Price"), ref.

Clause 3.6. and 3.7. The Call Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the

Business Day Convention. If NA is specified, the provisions

regarding Call do not apply.

An event which occurs if, as a result o f any replacement of or

change to (or change to the interpretation by any court or authority

entitled to do so of) the Applicable Regulation which becomes

effective on or after the Issue Date (including the implementation

of Solvency II), the Bonds or part of the Bonds are no longer

eligible in accordance with the Applicable Regulations to count as

cover for the capital or solvency requirements (however such terms

are described from time to time in the Applicable Regulations) for

the Issuer whether on a single or consolidated basis, except where

in the case such non-qualification is only a result of any applicable

limitation on the amount o f such capital.

A breach of the applicable capital requirements or solvency

requirements from tune to time (however such requirements are

defined) under the Applicable Regulations. For the avoidance of

doubt a breach o f the solvency capital requirement (SCR) as

defined in Solvency II is a Capital Requirement Breach.

Any Coupon Date, other than a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date,

where a decision o f payment o f any distribution or dividend or

other payment (including payment in relation to redemption or

repurchase) on or hi respect of any Junior Obligations has been

made by the Issuer during the six months immediately preceding

such Coupon Date.

,

Rate o f interest applicable to the Bonds;

(i) If the Coupon is stated in percentage points, the Bonds shall

bear interest at this rate per amium (based on the Day Count

Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including the

Coupon Accrual Date to the Maturity Date.

(ii) If the Coupon is stated as Reference Rate + Margin the

Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per amium equal to the

Reference Rate + Margin (based on the Day Count Fraction

set forth in Section 1), from and including the Coupon

Accrual Date to the first Coupon Date, and thereafter ftom

and including each Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date

until Maturity Date.

The date on which interest on the Bond starts to accrue. If NA is

specified, Coupon Accrual Date does not apply.

Date(s) on which the payment o f Coupon falls due. The Coupon

Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention.

The currency in which the Bonds are denominated.

The convention for calculation o f payment o f Coupon.

(i) If 30/360 is specified, the number o f days in the relevant

coupon period shall be calculated from and including the

Coupon Accrual Date/Coupon Date to the next Coupon

Event o f Default: Exchange:
Face Value: Financial Institution Initial Amount: ISIN: Issue: Issue Date: Issuer: Issuer's Bonds:
Issuer Group: Issuer's Supervisor:
Junior Obligations:
Listing:
Mandatory Interest Deferral Date:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Date on basis of a year o f 360 days with 12 months o f 30 days divided by 360, unless (a) the last day in the relevant coupon period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of the relevant coupon period is a day other than the 30l" or the 3 Istday of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the relevant coupon period is the last calendar day in February, in which case February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month. (ii) If Actual/360 is specified, the actual number o f days in the relevant coupon period shall be from and including the Coupon Accrual Date/Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date. The number of days shall be divided by 360. The occurrence of an event set forth in Clause 3.8, Exchange or other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the Issuer has, or has applied for, listing o f the Bonds. If NA is specified, the terms o f this Bond Agreement covering Exchange do not apply. The face value o f each Bond. Entity with authorization according to the Norwegian Financial Institution Act (1988/40) The amount equal to the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds (mhiimum) issued on the Issue Date. The identification number o f the Bonds (International Securities Identification Number). The issue of Bonds pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The date o f the first Issue. If Maximum Amount is NA the first issue is the only issue of Bonds. The person or entity that has issued the Bonds and is the borrower (debtor). Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence, The Issuer and its subsidiaries (as such term is defined in Sections 1-3, cf 1-4, of the Norwegian Companies Act (No: Aksjeloven). The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and the Issuer Group. (i) the Issuer's share capital, (ii) any other obligations of any member o f the Issuer Group ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Bonds issued by the Issuer. Indicates listing of the Bonds. If YES is specified, the Issuer shall submit an application in order to have the Bonds listed on the Exchange^). If NO is specified, no obligation for listing applies, but the Issuer may, at its own discretion, apply for listing. Each Coupon Date immediately following (i) the date as o f which the Issuer's most recent quarterly report to the Issuer Supervisor disclosed that a Capital Requirement Breach has occurred, or there is a risk that a Capital Requirement Breach or a Bankruptcy Event would occur as a result of the payment of Interest, provided that such Coupon Date shall not be a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date

5

/£

t7ø

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Margin: Maturity Date: Maximum Amount: NIBOR:
Norwegian FSA: Optional Interest Deferral Date: Outstanding Bonds: Parity Obligations: Paying Agent: Rating Agency: Rating Agency Event:
Redemption Price:

if, since the date of publication of such report, the Issuer has remedied the Capital Requirement Breach and that no such event will occur as a result of the interest payment, and/or (ii) the occurrence of any event which under the Applicable Regulations would require the Issuer to defer or suspend payment of interest in respect of the Bonds (unless Issuer Supervisor has waived such requirement). Margin expressed in percentage points to be added to the Reference Rate (if the Margin is negative, it shall be deducted from the Reference Rate). If NA is specified, no Margin applies. The date on which the Bonds fall due. The Maturity Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. Amount stating the maximum aggregate Face Value of Bonds which may be issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement. If NA is specified, the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds issued may not exceed the amount specified as the Initial Amount. (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) Interest rate fixed for a defined period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 Oslo time. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the Reference Rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate as the initial Reference Rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the Reference Rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. The Financial Supervisory Authority ofNorway (Finanstilsynet). Any Coupon Date which is not a Compulsory Interest Payment Date nor a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date. The aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged in the Securities Register. Any obligations of the Issuer together with any other obligations of the Issuer Group ranking or expressed to rank pari passu with the Bonds. The entity acting as registrar for the Bonds in the Securities Register and paying agent on behalf of the Issuer in the Securities Register. Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division of the McGraw Hill Companies, Inc., or any successor thereof. A change in the rating methodology, or in the interpretation of such methodology, as the case maybe, becoming effective after the Issue Date, as a result of which the capital treatment assigned by a Rating Agency to the Bonds or part thereof, as notified by such Rating Agency to the Issuer or as published by such Rating Agency, becomes, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, materially unfavourable for the Issuer, when compared to the capital treatment assigned by such Rating Agency to the Bonds , as notified by such Rating Agency to the Issuer or as published by such Rating Agency, on or around the Issue Date. The price, stated as a percent of the Face Value, at which the

6

Reference Rate: Reset Date: Securities Register: Solvency II: Taxation Event:
Voting Bonds:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Bonds shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date. NIBOR rounded to the nearest hundredth of a percentage point on each Reset Date, for the period stated. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does not apply. Dates on which the Coupon is fixed for the subsequent coupon period for Bonds where Reference Rate applies. The first Reset Date is two Business Days before the Coupon Accrual Date. Thereafter the Reset Date is two Business Days prior to each Coupon Date. The securities register in which the Bonds are registered. Directive 2009/138/EC of 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of business o f Insurance and Re-insurance (Solvency II) and is intended to be transposed by member states of the European Economic Area by 1 January 2016. An event which occurs as a result of any amendment to, clarification of or change (including any announced prospective change) in the laws or treaties (or regulations thereunder) of Norway affecting taxation (including any change in the interpretation by any court or authority entitled to do so) or any governmental action, on or after the Issue Date, and there is a substantial risk that: (i) The Issuer is, or will be, subject to more than a significant material amount of other taxes, duties or other governmental charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Bonds; (ii) The treatment of any of the Issuer's items o f income or expense with respect to the Bonds as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Issuer to more than a significant material amount of additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges; or (iii) The Issuer would be required to gross up interest payments. Outstanding Bonds less Issuer's Bonds.

7
§

3. Other terms of the Issue

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

3.1 The purpose of the Issue
3.1.1 The purpose o f the Issue is to partly replace the NOK 1,700,000,000 floating rate perpetual subordinated bonds issued by the Issuer on 27 June 2008. The Issuer also intends for the Bonds to qualify as Tier 2 capital for the purpose o f the Applicable Regulation and as determined by the Issuer Supervisor.
3.2 Listing and prospectus
3.2.1 In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, matters concerning the listing requiring the approval o f the Bondholders shall be resolved pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement.
In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, the Issuer shall submit the documents and the information necessary to maintain the listing.
The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement shall be incorporated in any prospectus and other subscription or information materials related to the Bonds.
3.3 Status
3.3.1 The Bonds will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations, and will in connection with a Bankruptcy Event of the Issuer rank: (a) pari passu without any preference among the Bonds; (b) pari passu with all outstanding Parity Obiigations; (c) in priority to payments to creditors in respect o f Junior Obligations; (d) junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of (i) policyholders o f the Issuer, (ii) dated subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, and (iii) any other unsubordinated creditors o f the Issuer.
3.4 Security
3.4.1 The Bonds are unsecured.
3.5 Deferral of Payments
3.5.1 Optional Deferral of Interest
The Issuer may on any Optional Interest Deferral Date by notice to the Trustee defer payment o f all (but not only some) o f the interest accrued but unpaid to that date.

3.5.2 Mandatory Deferral o f Interest
The Issuer will on any Mandatory Interest Deferral Date by notice to the Trustee (together with a certificate signed by authorised signatories o f the Issuer confirming the relevant Coupon Date is a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date) defer payment o f all (but not only some) of the interest accrued but unpaid to that date.

8
sY 5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3.5.3 Payment o f Deferred Interest Any interest not paid on an Optional Interest Deferral Date or a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date ("A rrears of Interest") may at the option of the Issuer, be paid in whole or in part at the next Coupon Date which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date, and shall, subject to prior approval from the Issuer Supervisor (to the extent required under the Applicable Regulations), be paid in whole on a date which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date at the earliest of:
(a) the next Coupon Date which is a Compulsory Interest Payment Date or seven (7) days after the date when the requirements for a Compulsory Interest Payment Date would be deemed to be satisfied, if such date falls earlier than the next Coupon Date;
(b) the date of any redemption o f the Bonds in accordance with the terms and conditions for the Bonds;
(c) the date of a Bankruptcy Event; or (d) the date on which the Issuer pays, or any other person declares or pays, any distribution or
dividend or makes any payment (including payment in relation to redemption or repurchase) on or in respect o f any Junior Obligations or Parity Obligations, or the date on which any dividend or other distribution on or payment (including payment in relation to redemption or repurchase) on or in respect o f the Issuer's share capital is paid.
Interest will not accrue on Arrears of Interest.

3.6 O ptional Redemption

3.6.1

The Issuer may on the Call Date or any Coupon Date thereafter, if the Issuer provided satisfactory evidence to the holders o f the Bonds, represented by the Trustee, that (i) in the opinion o f the Issuer Supervisor no Capital Requirement Breach has occurred or is likely to occur as a result of a redemption, and (ii) the Issuer has received prior consent o f the Issuer Supervisor, redeem all (but not only some only) o f the outstanding Bonds at their outstanding principal amount together with accrued interest thereon, without any premium or penalty.

3.6.2 I f the Issuer provides satisfactory evidence to the holders of the Bonds, represented by the Trustee, that a;

(a) Capital Disqualification Event; (b) Rating Agency Event; or (c) Taxation Event;

has occurred when the Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer may subject to (i) no Capital Requirement Breach in the opinion of the Issuer Supervisor having occurred or would occur as a result of a redemption, and (ii) prior consent of the Issuer Supervisor, redeem all (but not only some only) o f the outstanding Bonds at their outstanding principal amount together with accrued interest thereon, without premium or penalty.

3.7 R eduction of Amounts of Principal

3.7.1

Under Norwegian legislation, subordinated debt capital may be written down if the audited accounts of a financial institution show that a substantial part of the institution's subordinated debt capital has been lost. Such a write down may be resolved by a shareholders' meeting acting upon a proposal which the Board o f Directors is obliged to submit. The Issuer undertakes that such a proposal would include a recommendation that principal in respect of Tier 1 indebtedness should be written down prior to any principal in respect of undated Tier 2 subordinated indebtedness, and any undated Tier 2 subordinated

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA indebtedness should be written down prior to any principal in respect of any dated Tier 2 subordinated indebtedness.
Pursuant to the above, and subject to applicable provisions of Norwegian law, the Issuer undertakes that it will, subject to prior approval from the Issuer Supervisor (to the extent required under the Applicable Regulations), recommend that its shareholders cancel all principal in respect of all Tier 1 Capital and all paid up equity and equity fund/retained earnings o f the Issuer before cancelling any principal in respect of the Bonds and on a pro rata basis with all other pari passu claims.
The Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less than 5 Business Days' prior notice to the Trustee, and to the Bondholders o f any cancellation o f principal in respect of the Bonds.
To the extent that part only of the outstanding principal amount of the Bonds has been cancelled as provided above on a pro rata basis, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with the terms hereof on the then outstanding principal amount o f the Bonds.
3.8 Payments
3.8.1 On each Coupon Date, subject to the provisions in Clause 3.5, the Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued Coupon amount to the Bondholders.
3.8.2 The Issuer may not apply any counterclaims in set-off against its payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
3.8.3 If exercising Call, the Issuer shall at the relevant date indicated under Call pay to the Bondholders the Face Value o f the Bonds to be redeemed multiplied by the relevant price for the relevant date plus accrued Coupon on the redeemed Bonds.
3.8.4 Amounts payable to the Bondholders by the Issuer shall be available to the Bondholders on the date the amount is due pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
3.9 Exercise of Call
3.9.1 Exercise of Call shall be notified by the Issuer to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee at least thirty Business Days prior to the relevant Call Date.
3.9.2 The Issuer may on the Call Date or any Coupon Date thereafter, if the Issuer provided satisfactory evidence to the holders o f the Bonds, represented by the Trustee, that
(i) in the opinion of the Issuer Supervisor no Capital Requirement Breach has occurred or is likely to occur as a result of a redemption, and
(ii) the Issuer has received prior consent of the Issuer Supervisor,
redeem all (but not only some) o f the outstanding Bonds at their outstanding principal amount together with accrued interest thereon, without any premium or penalty.
10
J5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3.10 Events of default
This Bond Agreement does not contain any event o f default provision and neither the Bond Trustee nor the Bondholders may declare any event of default by the Issuer o f any o f its obligations under the Bond Agreement neither on the basis of the Bond Agreement nor on the basis of general principles of Norwegian law.

Bondholders may only demand prepayment in the event o f actual bankruptcy/liquidation of the Issuer.
4 Other terms and conditions

4.1 Conditions precedent

4.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall have received the following documentation, no later than 2 - two -- Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly signed, (b) the Issuer's corporate resolution to make the Issue, . (c) confirmation that the relevant individuals are authorised to sign on behalf of the
Issuer this Bond Agreement and other relevant documents in relation hereto, (Company Certificate, Power o f Authority etc.), (d) the Issuer's Articles of Association, (e) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (prospectus requirements) are fulfilled, (f) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Issue, (g) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register, (h) any agreement regarding the Bond Trustee's fees and expenses as set forth in Clause 4.9.2 duly signed, (i) confirmation according to Clause 4.2.2 if applicable, (j) approval from the Norwegian FSA regarding issuance o f Bonds in accordance with Clause 3.1, (k) any other relevant documentation presented in relation to the Issue, and (l) any statements (including legal opinions) required by the Bond Trustee regarding documentation in this Clause 4.1,1.
4.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for the documentation as set forth in Clause 4.1.1.

4.1.3 The Issuance of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the manager o f the Issue and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

4.2 Representations and warranties

4,2.1

At any Issue, the Issuer represents and warrants that:
(a) all information which has been presented in relation to such Issue is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to effect the importance of the information as regards the evaluation o f the Bonds, and that the Issuer has taken all reasonable measures to ensure this,

11
8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) the Issuer has made a valid resolution to make such Issue, and such Issue does not contravene any of the Issuer's other liabilities, and
(c) public requirements have been fulfilled (i.a. Norwegian Securities Trading Act Chapter 7 and the Norwegian Issue Regulations 1996 no. 1247), and that any required public authorisations have been obtained.

4.2.2 The Bond Trustee may prior to any Issue require a statement from the Issuer confirming the Issuer's compliance with Clause 4.2.1.

4.3 Registration of Bonds

4.3.1 The Issuer shall continuously ensure the correct registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register,

4.4 Interest Rate Fixing

4.4.1

If, pursuant to this Bond Agreement, the Coupon shall be adjusted during the term o f the Bonds, any adjustments shall be carried out by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Exchange shall be notified o f the new Coupon applicable until the next Coupon Date.

4.5 The Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
4.6.1 The Issuer or any o f its subsidiaries may subject to receiving the prior consent from the Issuer Supervisor at any time purchase Bonds in any manner and at any price. Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer or any o f its affiliates will be held by the Issuer or may be cancelled by causing such Bonds to be deleted of the records of the VPS.
4.6 Information covenants

4.6.1 The Issuer undertakes to:
a) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f any other event which may have a material effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement,
b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations or change the nature of its business,
c) upon request, provide the Bond Trustee with its annual and interim reports and any other information reasonably required by the Bond Trustee,
d) upon request report to the Bond Trustee the balance of Issuer's Bonds,
e) without being requested to do so, provide a copy to the Bond Trustee o f any notice to its creditors to be made according to applicable laws and regulations,
f) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee o f notices to the Exchange which have relevance to the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement,
g) without being requested to do so and without any delay, inform the Trustee of any events described in Clause 3 .5 ,3 .6 and 3.7,
h) withoxxt being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register, and

12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
i) without being requested to do so, annually in connection with the release of its annual report, or upon request, confirm to the Bond Trustee compliance with any covenants set forth in this Bond Agreement.
4.7 Notices

4.7.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

4.7.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

4.8 Expenses

4.8.1

The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfillment of its obligations hereunder, including the `preparation of this Bond Agreement, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange, and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.8.2

The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer. For Financial Institutions, and Norwegian governmental issuers, annual fee will be determined according to applicable fee structure an terms and conditions presented at the Trustee's web site (www.trustee.no) at the Issue Date, unless otherwise is agreed with the Trustee. For other issuers a separate fee agreement will be entered into. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to insolvency or similar by the Issuer, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

4.8.3 Any public fees payable in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilling of the obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any public fees levied on the trading of Bonds.

4.8.4 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.

5 Bondholders' Meeting

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

5.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders' community in all matters regarding the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval o f the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding and prevail for all Bonds.

5.2 Procedural rules for the Bondholders' Meeting

5.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds, (c) the Bond Trustee, or

13

(d) the Exchange.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

5.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten - Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

5.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at die time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

5.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

5.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes in the number o f Voting Bonds in the period from distribution o f the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for sunrmoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

5.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.9

Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

5.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and representatives of the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the light to be assisted by an advisor. In case o f dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

5.2.11 Representatives o f the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

5.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5.3.1 At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuer's Bonds. Issuer's Bonds have no voting rights.

5.3.2

In all matters to be dealt with at the Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case o f parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless o f the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

5.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 5.4. Even if less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

5.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority o f the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in clause 5.3.5.

5.3.5 In the following matters, a majority o f at least 2/3 of the votes is required:
(a) any amendment o f the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the Coupon, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds.
(b) the transfer o f rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (borrower), or
(c) change o f Bond Trustee.
5.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

5.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

5.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

5.4.1 I f the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 5.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

5.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented.

6 The Bond Trustee

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

6.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

6.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision o f timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, informing the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters o f confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.1.3 The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement, which, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, do not have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests o f the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement, see however Clause 6.1.5.

6.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 6.1.3 provided prior notification to the Bondholders are given, see however Clause 6.1.5. Such notice shall contain a proposal o f the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date o f such notification.

6.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 6.1.3 or 6.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 5.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness,

6.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

6.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

6.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 5.3.5.

6.2 Termination and recovery

6.2.1 The Bond Trustee may take any action it deems necessary in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders.

6.2.2 Should the Bond Trustee receive a written demand to take action as set forth in Clause 6.2.1 from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of Voting Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall

/

16

/ Jf

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
take such actions unless the Bondholders' Meeting has passed a resolution for alternative solutions,

6.2.3 The Bond Trustee shall be indemnified by the Bondholders for any results (including any expenses, costs and liabilities) of taking action pursuant to Clause 6.2.2 or pursuant to the Bondholders' Meeting having declared the Bonds to be in default. The Bond Trustee may claim indemnity and security from the Bondholders who put forward the demand in accordance with clause 6.2.2 or voted for the adopted resolution at the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.3 Liability and indemnity

6.3.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result o f negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf o f the Issuer.

6.3.2

The Issuer is liable for and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee Hilly in respect of all direct losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f negligence by the Issuer to fulfill its obligations under the terms o f this Bond Agreement, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance o f this Bond Agreement.

6.4 Change of Bond Trustee

6.4.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be earned out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 5. The Bond Trustee shall continue to cany out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

6.4.2

The fees and expenses o f a new' bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 4.9, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

6.4.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms o f this Bond Agreement.

7 General provisions

7.1 The Bondholders' community
7.1.1 Through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, the Bondholders will be deemed to have acceded to this Bond Agreement and hereby accept that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement,
access to the Securities Register to review ownership o f Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;

17

§

f

Morsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign ftom the Bondholders' community.
7,1.2. This Bond Agreement shall be publicly available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer.
7.2 Dispute resolution and legal venue
7.2.1 Disputes arising out o f or in connection with this Bond Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo District Court.
7.3 Amendments

7.3.1

Subject to the provisions in Clause 6 above, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to make any amendments o f the terms of the Bonds which are o f a formal, minor or technical nature or are made to correct a manifest error. Other amendments to the terms o f the Bonds shall be subject to the Issuer Supervisor's consent.

7.4 Contact information
7.4.1 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of any changes in its postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

Issuer

fh .
c ? ~ ib

Bond Trustee

18

