Term Sheet

ISIN: NO 001060119.8

Dannemora Mineral AB Guaranteed Senior Secured Bond Issue 2011/2016 ("the Bonds")

Settlement date: Expected to be 22 March 2011

Issuer:

Dannemora Mineral AB with registration no. 556678-3329

Guarantors:

Dannemora Magnetit AB (registration no. 556709-1664) and Dannemora Förvaltnings AB (registration no. 556750-3627).

Group:

The Issuer and all its subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").

Currency:

USD.

Borrowing amount:

USD 120 million.

Coupon rate:

11.75% Fixed rate, semi-annual interest payments.

Settlement Date:

Expected to be 22 March 2011. Notice will be given to subscribers minimum two banking days prior to Settlement Date.

Maturity Date:

22 March 2016 (5 years after Settlement Date).

First interest payment day:

22 September 2011 (6 months after Settlement Date).

Last interest payment day:

22 March 2016 (5 years after Settlement Date).

Amortization:

The Bonds will be repaid in full with a redemption price of 100.00% (par) on Maturity Date.

Interest Payments:

Interest on the Bonds will accrue from the Settlement Date and shall be payable semi-annually in arrears on the interest payment day in March and September each year, or if the interest payment day does not fall on a banking day, on the first subsequent banking day. The daycount fraction for the coupon is 30/360 adjusted.

Issue Price:

100.00 (par).

Denomination:

The Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 1,000.00 each.

Status of the Bonds:

The Bonds shall be senior secured obligations of the Issuer and rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.

Form:

Registered uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the rules of VPS.

Call options (American): The Issuer may redeem the Bonds at price 106%, 104% and 102% at any time in years 3, 4 and 5, respectively.

Purpose of the Bonds:

The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be used firstly to complete the financing of the Dannemora Mine (the "Mine", exploration permit issued by the Mining Inspectorate of Sweden: Dnr 22-1294-2006) iron ore project and secondly for

1

Escrow Account arrangement:
Security:

general corporate purposes.
Upon settlement of the Bonds, the net proceeds will be deposited directly into an escrow account (the "Escrow Account") pledged in favor of the Trustee on behalf of the holders of the Bonds. The balance of the Escrow Account, including any interest accumulated, less an amount equal to 12 months' interest on any Bonds outstanding will be made available in full to the Issuer upon an equity issue of minimum SEK 100 million being completed and fully paid in to the Issuer. If such equity issue has not been completed within 12 weeks of the Settlement Date, the Bonds shall be repaid in full at price 101%. The balance of the Escrow Account shall as a minimum be an amount equal to 12 months' interest on any Bonds outstanding in the period from Settlement Date until the interest payment day falling 1 year after Settlement Date, at which time the balance of the Escrow Account, including any interest accumulated will be made available in full to the Issuer.
All Bonds outstanding under the Bond Agreement, including but not limited to interest and expenses, shall be secured by:
a) 1st priority pledge over the Escrow Account b) unconditional and irrevocable guarantee as for its own debt (Sw.
proprieborgen) from the Guarantors; c) 1st priority pledge over all the shares of the Guarantors; d) security over the Fixed Assets according to the following;
(i) mortgages over the real estate properties Östhammar Harvik 4:28, Östhammar Films-Österby 3:5 and Östhammar Harvik 4:12 and pertaining fixtures which will be second in ranking until the Östhammar Municipality Loan has been finally discharged (from which point in time the mortgages will be first ranking);
(ii) first ranking mortgages over any future real estate and pertaining fixtures acquired by the Issuer and/or the Guarantors related to the Mine;
(iii) 1st priority pledge over Fixed Assets owned or acquired (related to the Mine) by the Issuer and/or the Guarantors other than real estate properties;
e) 1st priority assignment of any relevant insurances related to the Mine and the owned equipment related thereto;
f) 1st priority assignment of any offtake contracts related to the Mine; g) 1st priority assignment of receivables related to the Mine, and h) 1st priority pledge over Earnings Account which is accessible to the Issuer
and may be blocked by the Trustee in the event of default under the Bond Agreement.
To the extent there exists Fixed Assets where granting security over such assets is not legally feasible under Swedish law or justifiable considering the value and benefit for the secured party and the costs and expenses of the legal entity providing that security, the Issuer and Guarantors undertakes not to create any security interest, lien, retention or other encumbrance over such assets (other than permitted security, any lien by operation of law and in the ordinary course of day-to-day business or any retention of title arrangements and rights of set-off arising in the in the ordinary course of day-to-day trading with suppliers of goods).
Principal security documentation shall be governed by Swedish Law.
Definitions:
Fixed assets: Means all real estate properties (together with any pertaining fixtures (Sw. fastighetstillbehör)) owned by any Group Company, and any equipment, machinery, buildings, plant, production facilities or other tangible asset held for business use owned by any Group Company related to the Mine. For the avoidance of doubt, equipment, machinery and other inventory not owned by the Issuer or any Group Company (e.g. leased equipment) may not be the subject matter for security.
2

Financial covenants:

Earnings Account: All earnings relating to the Mine shall be paid directly to the Earnings Account from the relevant buying party.
Östhammar Municipality Loan: Means the non-interest bearing loan of Dannemora Förvaltnings AB pertaining to its acquisition of Östhammar Harvik 4:28, Östhammar Films-Österby 3:5, Östhammar Harvik 4:10 and Östhammar Harvik 4:12 extended by Dannemora Gruvfastigheter AB, a subsidiary wholly owned by the municipality of Östhammar, in the amount of SEK 13 million, secured by mortgages over the real estate properties Östhammar Harvik 4:28, Östhammar Films-Österby 3:5 and Östhammar Harvik 4:12 and pertaining fixtures. The loan is due to mature on 31st December 2012.
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Bonds have previously been redeemed or the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following financial covenants:
a) Equity Ratio: The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Group has an Equity Ratio (on a consolidated basis) of minimum 1/3 on the first reporting date with audited accounts, not later than 30 June 2011.
b) Liquidity: The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Group maintains an unrestricted and unencumbered cash position (on a consolidated basis) of minimum SEK 50 million at all times; cash in the Earnings Account and Escrow Account shall be included in the calculation of this cash position.
c) Debt related to new investments: The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Group, when making investments not related to the Mine, incurs debt of maximum 60% of such invested amount.
d) Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA Ratio: The Issuer undertakes to procure that the Group maintains a Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA Ratio of maximum 4.00 after 31 December 2013.
e) Dividend restrictions: The Issuer undertakes not to declare or make any dividend payments, repurchase of shares or make other equity distributions, loans to its shareholders or otherwise (included but not limited to total return swaps involving the Issuer's shares) for the duration of the bonds.
Notwithstanding the limitations above, the Issuer shall however be entitled to repurchase its own shares to cover its potential obligations under any employees' and board members' (of the Issuer) bonus share program.
Definitions:
Equity Ratio: Book Equity / Total Assets
Book Equity: At any time, the aggregate amount which would, in accordance with the relevant accounting principles, be shown on the Issuer's financial statements as the book value of equity for the Group on a consolidated basis.
Total Assets: At any time, the aggregate amount which would, in accordance with the relevant accounting principles, be shown on the Issuer's financial statements as the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis.
Interest Bearing Debt: At any time, the aggregate amount which would, in accordance with the relevant accounting principles, be shown on the

3

General covenants:

Issuer's financial statements as the total interest bearing debt of the Group on a consolidated basis (excluding, to the extent included in accordance with the relevant accounting principles, mobile equipment lease obligations).
Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA Ratio: Net Interest Bearing Debt / EBITDA
Net Interest Bearing Debt: At any time, Interest Bearing Debt less cash and cash equivalents for the Group on a consolidated basis.
EBITDA: At any time, the aggregate amount which would, in accordance with the relevant accounting principles, be shown on the Issuer's financial statements as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization for the Group on a consolidated 12 month trailing basis.
During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Bonds have previously been redeemed or the Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
a) Mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the relevant Group Company with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect;
b) De-mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the relevant Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect;
c) Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement if this would have a Material Adverse Effect;
d) Disposal of business: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, unless the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect;
e) Reporting: The Issuer shall of its own accord make unconsolidated and consolidated management and financial reports (quarterly, written in English) available to the Trustee and on its web pages for public distribution not later than 100 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period;
f) Financial assistance: The Issuer shall ensure that no company in the Group shall grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting security) to any third party not being a member of the Group (together "Financial Support"), other than (1) in ordinary course of business and the existing Östhammar Municipality Loan and (2) Financial Support in connection with the Bond Agreement;
g) Internal Loans: means any loan between Group Companies, and, in case an Internal Loan is established or persists where a parent company is the
4

debtor and the subsidiary is the creditor, such Internal Loans shall rank in all respects behind the Bonds and any Internal Loan provided by the parent to the subsidiary (if any). Any Internal Loans may be made only directly between a parent and its subsidiary.

h) Arm's length transaction: The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

Material Adverse Effect:

An event or circumstances which has a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group as a whole, (b) the Issuer`s or a Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.

Finance Documents:

Means the Bond Agreement, the security documents, the Trustee's fee letter and any other document the Issuer and the Trustee agree to be a Finance Document.

Change of Control clause:

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (Put Option) of the Bonds at a price of 102% of par value (plus accrued interest) during a period of 60 days following the notice of a Change of Control Event. The payment date of such Put Option shall be 75 days after such notice effectively being notified.

Change of Control Event:

A Change of Control Event occurs if (i) the shares of the Issuer are no longer listed on a well reputed stock exchange, or (ii) any person or group becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting shares of the issuer.

Mandatory Prepayment:

Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Prepayment Event the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the outstanding bonds at price 108%, 107%, 106%, 104% and 102% in years 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, respectively.

Mandatory Prepayment A Mandatory Prepayment Event occurs if (i) the Mine is sold or disposed of or (ii)

Event:

the Issuer's 100% indirect ownership in the Mine is reduced.

Total Loss:

If the Mine is subject to a total loss or requisition, the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the outstanding bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) on the earlier of the date of receipt of insurance proceeds or the date occurring 180 days after the date of the total loss.

Event of Default:

The Bond Agreement shall include standard event of default provisions, including cross default provisions for the whole Group on debentures of USD 5 million or more.

Approvals:

The Bonds have been issued in accordance with the Issuer's Board approval dated 20 January 2011.

Issuer's ownership of Bonds:

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Bonds. Such Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

Lead Manager:

First Securities AS (organization no. 980 645 487) , Filipstad brygge 1, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway

Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (organization no. 963 342 624), P.b 1470 Vika, NO-0116 Oslo.

5

Governing Law:

The Bond Agreement shall be governed by Norwegian Law.

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen ASA ("VPS")). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.

Paying Agent:

Nordea Bank Norge ASA

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

Bond Agreement:

The Bond Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative, and it shall be based on Norwegian standard. The Bond Agreement shall regulate the bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Bond Agreement, then the Bond Agreement shall prevail.

The Subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Bond Agreement and the related security documents. Although minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur, the provisions in the Bond Agreement will be substantially consistent with those set forth in this Term Sheet and not less favorable for Bondholders in any material respect.

The Application Form specifically authorizes the Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders, who will execute and deliver such Application Forms prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become bound by the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement specifies that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become bound by the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request by the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Bonds.

Stock Exchange listing: An application will be made for the bonds to be listed on Oslo SE ABM.

Market making:

No market-maker agreement has been established for this Issue.

Minimum Subscription: The Bonds will be offered for subscription in a minimum amount of USD 100,000.00.

Eligible purchasers:

The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

Transfer restrictions:

Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S

6

Subject to:

under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.
The issue of Bonds shall be subject to: - Executed security documents - Executed Bond Agreement to the satisfaction of the Issuer and the Trustee - Approval of the Bond Issue by the Issuer's board and the Trustee

Dannemora Magnetit AB Dannemora Förvaltnings AB
As Guarantors

22 February 2011 As Issuer

As Lead Manager

7

