NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.rrustee.no

(Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA på telefon +47 22 87 94 00.)
To the bondholders in:
US$164.5 million 10.00% Remedial Cayman Limited Callable Bond Issue 2010/2012 ISIN NO 001 058092.1
Oslo, 11 February 2011
DISPOSAL OF REMEDIAL ESV SOLUTION AND CERTAIN ASSOCIATED ASSETS
1. INTRODUCTION
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") is appointed as loan trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") of the bonds (the "Bonds") in the above mentioned loan with ISIN NO 001 058092.1 (the "Loan") issued by Remedial Cayman Limited (the "Company").
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement governing the Bonds dated 28 June 2010 between the Company and the Loan Trustee (the "Loan Agreement"), unless otherwise stated in this Summons.
The information in this Summons regarding the legal, operational and financial status of the Company is provided by the Company. The Loan Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever related to such information given from the Company.
2. BACKGROUND
Please refer to the Summons to Bondholders' Meeting issued by the Loan Trustee on 18 January 2011 which convened a Bondholders' meeting on 27 January 2011 (the "Previous Summons").
Pursuant to the Previous Summons, the Bondholders approved the sale of the Assets (as defined below) by Remedial Cayman ESV2 Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the "Subsidiary"), to Ocean Discoverer Pic. Ltd. (the "Form er Purchaser") in accordance with the terms and provisions of an asset purchase agreement entered into between the Subsidiary and the Former Purchaser on 17 January 2011 (the "Former Asset Purchase Agreement").
The terms of the Former Asset Purchase Agreement included a termination right for either the Subsidiary or the Former Purchaser if certain conditions to the effectiveness of the Former Asset Purchase Agreement had not been satisfied by 28 January 2011, including approval of the transaction from (i) the Bondholders (the "Bondholder Approval"), and (ii) the board of CIM Raffles Offshore (Singapore) Limited, the parent company to the Former Purchaser, (the "Board Approval").

M A I L I N G A D D R E S S » P . O . B O X 147O VIK A, N - O I l 6 OSL O

L O C A T I O N ' ;> H A A K O N V I I GATE I , O S L O , NORWAY

p h o n e <%+47 22 87 94 00 fax

+47 22 87 94 10 org.nr

no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail o mail@trustee.no

The Bondholder Approval was received at the Bondholders' Meeting convened in accordance with the Previous Summons. However, the Subsidiary was advised that due to board availability and scheduling, the necessary level of Board Approval had not been provided by CIMC Raffles Offshore (Singapore) Limited as at 28 January 2011. Accordingly, under the terms of the Former Asset Purchase Agreement, each of the Subsidiary and the Former Purchaser have had a termination right in respect of the Former Asset Purchase Agreement since 28 January 2011.
Whilst the Subsidiary originally reserved its rights to terminate the Former Asset Purchase Agreement and continued to work with representatives of the Purchaser to find a solution to the absence of the necessary Board Approval, such Board Approval has not been forthcoming. The Subsidiary has been approached in connection with an alternative transaction in the period since 28 January 2011 and in light of the approach by a third party with a prospective transaction and the continuing uncertainty regarding the timing and ability for the Former Purchaser to obtain the necessary Board Approval, the Subsidiary terminated the Former Asset Purchase Agreement on 10 February 2011 in accordance with the terms of the Former Asset Purchase Agreement.
3. ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Accordingly, following an approach received by the Company from Spring Capital Resources Inc (the "Purchaser"), a company wholly-owned by Mr Brian Chang, (the "Guarantor"), in connection with a proposed transaction to acquire the Vessel and certain of its associated assets (together, the "Assets"), the Subsidiary entered into an asset purchase agreement with the Purchaser on 10 February 2011 (the "Asset Purchase Agreement"). Pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Subsidiary will sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser will acquire from the Subsidiary the Assets.
The Asset Purchase Agreement is on substantially the same terms as the Former Asset Purchase Agreement, save that the Asset Purchase Agreement grants the Purchaser a right to novate the Asset Purchase Agreement to an Assignee (as defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement) on or prior to 14 April 2011, and if such novation has not taken place by that date, an additional payment will be required to be made by the Purchaser, as described in more detail below.
The Asset Purchase Agreement provides that the price for the proposed sale of the Assets will be US$87,500,000 (the "Purchase Price"). The Purchase Price will be paid as follows:
(a) firstly, through an initial payment of US$15,000,000 to be made by the Purchaser on the Initial Payment Date (as defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement) (the "Initial Payment") in accordance with the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, provided that an amount of US$2,000,000 is to be retained by the Purchaser (the "Deferred Initial Payment") and applied against certain tax liabilities, to the extent necessary, in accordance with the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement;
(b) secondly, if the Asset Purchase Agreement has not been novated to a thud party acceptable to the Subsidiary on or prior to 14 April 2011 in accordance with the provisions thereof, through an additional cash payment on 15 April 2011 of US$5,000,000 (the "Additional Payment"). If the Purchaser makes the Additional Payment in accordance with the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, the amount of the Purchase Price Balance payable in accordance with paragraph (c) below shall
2

be adjusted accordingly, by reducing such amount by an amount equal to the Additional Payment; and
(c) thirdly, subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph (b) above, through the balance of the Purchase Price of US$72,500,000 (the "Purchase Price Balance"), together with the payment of any amounts of the Deferred Initial Payment which have not been applied against tax liabilities in accordance with the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, being paid to the Subsidiary by the Purchaser on the date falling 6 months after, but not including, the Closing Date (as defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement).
As security against payment of the Purchase Price Balance, and the payment of any outstanding amounts of the Deferred Initial Payment, the Guarantor, in his capacity as the owner of the entire issued share capital of the Purchaser, has entered into a personal guarantee in favour of the Subsidiary (the "Guarantee"), but subject to the Guarantee becoming effective only upon receipt of Bondholder approval of the sale of the Assets. Under the terms of the Guarantee, the Guarantor has guaranteed the due performance by the Purchaser of all its obligations under the Asset Purchase Agreement, including in respect of its payment obligations with regards to the Purchase Price Balance, and the payment of any outstanding amounts of the Deferred Initial Payment, in accordance with the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement.
Additionally, as further security against payment of the Purchase Price Balance, and the payment of any outstanding amounts of the Deferred Initial Payment, the Purchaser will grant, immediately following completion of the Asset Purchase Agreement, a first preferred mortgage over the Vessel in favour of the Subsidiary (the "Mortgage"). The Mortgage would include certain covenants with respect to the operation of the Vessel until such time as the Purchase Price Balance, and the payment of any outstanding amounts of the Deferred Initial Payment, has been paid in full and would provide security for the Subsidiary in respect of the Purchaser's obligations to pay the Purchase Price Balance, and the payment of any outstanding amounts of the Deferred Initial Payment, in accordance with the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement.
The Asset Purchase Agreement further provides the Purchaser with the right, on or prior to 14 April 2011, to novate its rights and obligations under the Asset Purchase Agreement to an Assignee (as defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement), provided that it is a condition of any such novation to an Assignee that the Assignee provide to the Subsidiary on the date of novation (i) an unconditional English law guarantee of all the obligations of the Assignee in a form, and from an entity, reasonably satisfactory to the Subsidiary, and (ii) such documentation as the Subsidiaiy may require to ensure that the Mortgage remains in full force and effect in relation to the Assignee or will be replaced by new documents on the same terms.
The terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement include a termination right for either the Subsidiary or the Purchaser if the conditions precedent to the Guarantee becoming effective have not been satisfied by 21 February 2011, and such conditions precedent include the Company having obtained the necessary consents from the Bondholders in relation to the disposal of the Assets. Accordingly, the approval of the Bondholders is now being sought in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Asset Purchase Ageement and the disposal of the Assets.
If the Bondholders do not approve the disposal of the Assets then, irrespective of the Purchaser's right to terminate the Asset Purchase Ageement, the directors of the Company
3

will need to instruct the Subsidiary to exercise their right to terminate the Asset Purchase Agreement in order to avoid the Company acting in breach of the terms of the Loan Agreement.
If the Asset Purchase Agreement is terminated for the reasons contemplated above, then the Company will need to revert to the market in order to find a prospective purchaser for the Assets. The Company has no definitive current plans with regard to any prospective purchasers for the Assets and Bondholders should be aware that any such transactions may have an uncertain outcome, may lead to additional expenses being incurred by the Company and may delay the return of recoveries from the Company to the Bondholders.
4. RESOLUTIONS
The Company therefore proposes that the Bondholders consent to the sale of the Assets on the terms contemplated by the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Guarantee and the Mortgage.
5. EVALUATION
Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by any of the Loan Trustee, Bingham or AMA. Bondholders should independently evaluate the proposals and vote accordingly.

SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

21 February 2011 at 10:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VHs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the Chairman. 4. Request for consent to the sale of the Assets.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

"That the Bondholders consent to the sale o f the Assets on the terms contemplated by the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Guarantee and the Mortgage.
The Loan Trustee is given the power o f attorney to enter into any necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders ' meeting as well as to carry out the necessary completion work. "
The above mentioned resolution will, according to the Loan Agreement, require a simple majority of the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favour and a minimum 5/10 of the outstanding Bonds being represented at the meeting. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.

4

-oOoPlease find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.) The individual bondholder may authorise Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical puiposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
5

