FLOAT EL
N TrR N A " IO N AL
Title: Cancellation of Repeated Bondholders' meeting
Bermuda - 25 June 2014 Reference is made to the press release dated 11 June 2014, in which Floatel International Ltd. (the "Company") summoned to a Repeated Bondholders' Meeting on its existing USD 200 million 8.00 per cent. Floatel International Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/ 2017 (the "Bond") to be held on 25 June 2014. Further reference is made to the press release dated 6 May 2014 in which the Company contemplated a USD 650 million term loan B (the "Term Loan") for the refinancing of its existing project finance loans for Floatel Superior, Floatel Reliance and Floatel Victory as well as the Bond (the "Refinancing"). The purpose of the Repeated Bondholders' Meeting planned for 25 June 2014 was for the bondholders to vote over certain amendments to the Bond in order to provide for an early redemption of the Bond.
The placement in relation to the Refinancing has been concluded and committed. Due to delays in the documentation process, the Company will however not be able to meet the timeline necessary to release funds and settle the Bonds as stipulated in the summons. The Company will not call for a new bondholder meeting. Rather the Company intends to establish a Defeasance Pledge in Accordance with §22.2 of the Bond Agreement. Subsequent to the closing of the Refinancing the Company will launch an offer to all bondholders to redeem the Bonds prior to the call date 11 October 2014. Such offer will be communicated to all bondholders via the Trustee and sent to all bondholders via VPS.
SEB Merchant Banking, and Swedbank Norway have advised the Company on the process and will be executing the settlement on behalf of the Company.
For further information, please contact Tomas Hjelmstierna, CFO, Floatel International AB
Mob: +46 70 261 09 01

INFORMATION ABOUT FLOATEL INTERNATIONAL LTD
Floatel International Ltd was established in 2006 to satisfy a market demand for a new generation of offshore floatels. The vision of the Company is to own and operate the most modern, safe and reliable floatel fleet in the world to meet the increased market demand.
The first vessel, Floatel Superior, was delivered in March 2010 and is specifically designed for hostile environment meeting the latest North Sea regulations for year around operations. Floatel Superior is presently operating for Statoil in the North Sea.
Floatel Reliance is designed for medium harsh environment delivered October 2010 and commenced a 5-year charter for Petrobras in January 2011. Floatel Victory was delivered in November 2013 and is designed for harsh environment. Floatel Victory is contracted to Chevron Gulf of Mexico up to Q2 2015 and is thereafter contracted to the BP Clair Ridge project.
Floatel Endurance and Floatel Triumph are currently under construction at Keppel FELS shipyard in Singapore and are due for delivery January 2015 and December 2015, respectively. Both vessels are contracted immediately up on delivery.
Floatel International AB is a management company responsible for operational management and construction supervision for and on behalf of the Owner, Floatel International Ltd.
For further information about Floatel International Group, please visit our web site at: www.floatel.se

