APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS Dated 23 November 2016
SR-Boligkreditt AS Issue of NOK 5,000,000,000 Floating Rate Note SR-Boligkreditt AS Covered Bond 2016/2019 (Extendable to
November 2020) under the 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of VPS Conditions set forth in the prospectus dated 18 May 2016 and the supplements to the prospectus dated 4 October 2016 and 9 November 2016 which together constitute a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (Directive 2003/71/EC) (as amended by Directive 2010/73/EU (the 2010 PD Amending Directive), the Prospectus Directive). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus as so supplemented. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis o f the combination o f these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the specified office of each o f the Paying Agents. The Base Prospectus and (in the case of Notes listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market o f the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

2. (0
(ii)
(iii)
3. 4.
(i) (ii) 5.

Series Number

Tranche Number

Series with which Notes will be Not Applicable consolidated and form a single Series:

Date on which the Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with the Series specified above:

Not Applicable

Specified Currency or Currencies: Norwegian Kroner ("NOK")

Aggregate Nominal Amount:

Series: Tranche: Issue Price:

NOK 5,000,000,000 NOK 5,000,000,000 99.94 per cent, o f the Aggregate Nominal Amount

1

6. (a) (b)
7. (i) (ii)
8. 9. 10.

Specified Denominations: Calculation Amount: Issue Date: Interest Commencement Date Maturity Date: Extended Final Maturity Date: Interest Basis:

NOK 1,000,000 NOK 1,000,000 25 November 2016 Issue Date Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to November 2019 25 November 2020 3 month NIBOR + 0.34 per cent, per annum Floating Rate

11.

Redemption/Payment Basis

Redemption at par

12.

Change of Interest Basis:

13.

Put/Call Options:

If the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, then payment on the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be deferred until Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing all or part of the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date.
Not Applicable

14.

Date of Board approval for 21 April 2016

issuance of Notes obtained:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions

Not Applicable

16. Floating Rate Note Provisions

Applicable

2

(0

Specified Period(s)/Specified

Interest Payment Dates:

(ii) Business Day Convention:

The first Interest Period from (and including) Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Specified Interest Payment Date. Thereafter each subsequent period beginning on (and including) a Specified Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next following Specified Interest Payment Date is herein called a "Specified Period".
Interest will be payable quarterly in arrears on 25 February, 25 May, 25 August and 25 November each year commencing on 25 February 2017 and ending on the Maturity Date, or, if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified below (each a "Specified Interest Payment Date").
A reference to an Interest Payment Date shall also be deemed to include a Specified Interest Payment Date.
Modified Following Business Day Convention

(iii) Business Centre(s):

Not Applicable

(iv) Manner in which the Rate of Screen Rate Determination Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(v) Party responsible for calculating VPS Agent

the Rate of Interest and Interest

Amount:

(vi) Screen Rate Determination:

Applicable

- Reference Rate and relevant Reference Rate: 3 month NIBOR (or any successor or replacement

financial centre:

rate)

Relevant financial centre: Oslo

- Interest Date(s):

Determination Second Olso Business Day prior to the start of each Interest Period

- Relevant Screen Page: (vii) ISDA Determination: (viii) Linear Interpolation: (ix) Margin(s): (x) Minimum Rate of Interest: (xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: (xii) Day Count Fraction:

www.oslobors.no (or any successor or replacement page) Not Applicable Not Applicable 0.34 per cent, per annum 0.00 per cent, per annum Not Applicable Actual/360

3

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 17. Issuer Call:

Not Applicable

18. Investor Put:

Not Applicable

19. Final Redemption Amount of each Note:

NOK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount

20. Early Redemption Amount o f each Note payable NOK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount on redemption:

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

21. Form of Notes:

(i)

Form:

VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry

(ii) New Global Note:

No

22. Additional Financial Centre(s)

Not Applicable

23. Talons for future Coupons to be attached to No Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature):

24. Redenomination applicable:

Not applicable

Signed on behalf of the Issuer:

4

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING

(i)

Admission to trading:

Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market o f Oslo Børs with effect from or about 28 November 2016.

(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to admission to trading:

NOK 35,770

RATINGS

Ratings:

The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally:
Moody's: Aaa

INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Dealer, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer and its affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in investment banking and/or commercial transactions with and may perform other services for the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)

Indication of yield:

Not Applicable

OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(i)

ISIN Code:

NOOO10779176

(ii) Common Code:

Not Applicable

(v) Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Verdipapirsentralen, Norway. VPS identification number:

and Clearstream,Luxembourg andthe relevant 985 140 421. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain

identification number(s):

information from the register maintained by the VPS for

the purposes of performing its obligations under the issue

of VPS Notes.

(vi) Delivery:

Delivery against payment

(vii) Names and addresses of additional Paying SpareBank 1 SR-Bank, N-4066 Stavanger, Norway Agent(s) (if any):

6.

DISTRIBUTION

Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility:

No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one o f the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

U.S. Selling Restrictions:

TEFRA not applicable

6

