NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the bondholders in:
IS1N: NO 001 0675580 -8 per cent Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd. Second Lien Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019
Oslo, 23 September 2015 Sum m ons to Bondholders' Meeting
1. Introduction Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Trustee") acts as trustee for the holders of the bonds (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue with ISIN NO 001 0675580 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue") issued by Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd (the "Issuer"). All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement originally dated 23 April 2013 as amended and restated by an amendment and restatement agreement dated 22 September 2014 made between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein. References to Clauses and paragraphs are references to Clauses and paragraphs in the Bond Agreement. The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
2. Background The Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' Meeting to consider the approval of an amendment agreement to the Bond Agreement attached as schedule 2 to this summons (the "Amendment Agreement") and the transactions contemplated therein. The entering into of the Amendment Agreement and certain of the transactions contemplated therein are conditional upon the consent of ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (on behalf of itself and certain other finance parties) (the "Senior Agent") under the terms of an intercreditor agreement dated 2 October 2014 between, among others, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and the Senior Agent. The Issuer has informed the Bond Trustee that Bondholders representing approximately 71.9% of the Outstanding Bonds will vote in favour of the Proposal as defined below.
L 6641807 V I 21.09.15 512066-029

2/3

3. The Proposal

The Issuer has proposed that the Bondholders consent to the entering into of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Amendment Agreement (the "Proposal") attached as Schedule 2.

4. Further information

For more detailed information, please contact:

Lasse Kjelsås, CFO Mobile: +47 908 49 772 Email: lasse.kielsas@atlanticatd.com

5. Non-reliance

The information in this summons has been prepared by the Issuer. The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without farther evaluation or recommendation by the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable and vote accordingly. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal, financial and tax advisors regarding the effect of the Proposal.

6. Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting

The Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting, the details of which are set out below:

Time: Place:

7 October at 13:00 hours (1:00 p.m.) (Oslo time), The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VHs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondholders Meeting hereby:

(a)

approves the entering into of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Amendment

Agreement provided that the Senior Agent gives its consent to the amendments

contemplated by the Amendment Agreement;

(b)

irrevocably authorise the Bond Trustee to complete, negotiate the final form of, terms and

conditions and timing in relation to and to execute the Amendment Agreement, without any

obligation to notify the Bondholders; and

L 6 6 4 1 8 0 7 V 1 21.09.15 512066-029

3/3

(c)

irrevocably authorise the Bond Trustee to prepare, finalize and enter into the necessary

agreements, documents and/or instruments in connection any of the transactions

contemplated in paragraph (b) through (b) above, including (without limitation) making

appropriate amendments to the Bond Agreement as contemplated in the Amendment

Agreement.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Nordic Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Nordic Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (www.mail@trustee.no) within 16:00 hours (4 p.m.) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA
Vivian Trøsch
Enclosed: Schedule 1: Bondholder's Form Schedule 2: Draft Amendment Agreement

L 6641807 VI 21.09.15 512066-029

Schedule 2: draft Amendement Agreement
ISIN NO 001 067558.0
AMENDMENT AGREEMENT to
BOND AGREEMENT between
ATLANTICA TENDER DRILLING LTD. ("Issuer") and
NORDIC TRUSTEE ("Bond Trustee") on behalf of
THE BONDHOLDERS in the issue of Bonds listed at the top of this page
L_6623251_V1 16.09.15 512066-029

Schedule 2: draft Amendement Agreement

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT (the "Addendum") to the bond agreement originally dated 23 April 2013, as amended (the "Bond Agreement") is made o n __[October] 2015 by and between:

(1) ATLANTICA TENDER DRILLING LTD., (a company existing under the laws of Bermuda, with registration no. 42347), as Issuer; and

(2) NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA (previously Norsk Tillitsmann ASA), (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration no. 963 342 624), as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee"),

(the parties referred to above are jointly referred to herein as the "Parties").

WHEREAS:

The Parties have agreed to make certain amendments to the Bond Agreement as set out herein, giving the Issuer a discretionary right to terminate the Gamma Construction Contract without the obligation to make a partial redemption of the Bonds under Clause 10.3.1 of the Bond Agreement.

IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

1.

Words and expressions used herein shall have the same meaning when used herein as set out in the Bond

Agreement unless expressly set out herein or the context otherwise requires.

2.

The definition of the clause "Change of Control Event" as set out in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement

shall, with effect from the date hereof, be amended to read as follows (with the amendments marked up

against the original wording):

""Change o f Control Event" means i f and when any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3), save fo r any fu n d within the HitecVision group o f vrivate equity funds the HitecVision Asset Solutions fund (directly or indirectly)), becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f more than 33.3% o f the outstanding shares o f the Issuer or iffunds within the HitecVision eroim o f private equity funds the HitecVision Asset Solutions fund ceases to own (directly or indirectly) at least 33.4% o f the outstanding shares o f the Issuer. "

3.

The definition of the "Mandatory Prepayment Event" as set out in Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement shall,

with effect from the date hereof, be amended to read as follows (with the amendments marked up against

the original wording):

""Mandatoiy Prepayment Event" means any o f thefollowing events, except if they constitute a Total Loss Event:

(a) if any o f the Rigs are sold or disposed of;

(b) if the Issuer ceases to be the owner (directly or indirectly) of99% o f the shares in the Interco;

(c)

if the Interco ceases to be the owner (directly or indirectly) o f 99% o f the shares in each o f the Rig

Owners and/or the Beta Charterer;

(d) i f the Construction Contracts Delta Construction Contract arc is terminated and are--ti not replaced within 60 days with a contracts with the same Yardfo r the same rigs on terms similar or more in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee, favourable to the Issuer;

(e)

if the Rigs Delta, including any replacement according to (d) above are-is not delivered prior to

31 March 2016; or

(f)

if, at 31 March 2016, (i) the Gamma has not been delivered and (ii) the Gamma Construction

Contract (and any other contract with the same Yard for the same rig) has not been terminated. "

L_6623251_V1 16.09.15 512066-029

Schedule 2: draft Amendement Agreement

4.

A new definition of "Non-Qualifying Transaction" shall, with effect from the date hereof, be inserted into

Clause 1.1 o f the Bond Agreement after the definition of "NOK" and will read as follows:

""Non-Qualifying Transaction" means any amalgamation, demerger, merger, consolidation, sale o f substantially all the assets or other similar corporate combination, reorganization or reconstruction involving any Group Company that:

(a) is not carried out at arm's length terms or betterfrom the perspective o f the Group Company in the written opinion o f an independent and well-reputed investment bankfamiliar with transactions o f this type appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee; or

(b) results in total debt assumed by the relevant Group Company o f more than 50% o f thefair market value o f any vessels assumed, with such fair market value determined as the arithmetic mean o f independent valuations o f the such vessels obtainedfrom two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the relevant vessels appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee.

5.

Clause 10.3.1(b) of the Bond Agreement shall, with effect from the date hereof, be amended to read as

follows (with the amendments marked up against the original wording):

"(b) i f related to one o f the Rigs (including shares in one of the Rig Owners) a percentage o f the outstanding Bonds equal to the Fair Market Value (based on valuations not older than 90 days) o f the relevant Rig divided by the Fair Market Value o f all Rigs (however, i f the Gamma Construction Contract has been cancelled, excluding the Gamma) plus 10% points."

6.

Clause 10.5.1 o f the Bond Agreement shall, with effect from the date hereof, be amended to read as follows

(with the amendments marked up against the original wording):

"Upon the occurrence o f a Change o f Control Event or a Non-Oualifvins Transaction, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option ") at a price o f 101% o fpatplus accrued interest. "

7.

Clause 10.5.2 of the Bond Agreement shall, with effect from the date hereof, be amended to read as follows

(with the amendments marked up against the original wording):

"The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee o f a Change o f Control Event or a Non-Oualfyim Transaction, as the case may be. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change o f Control Event or a Non-Oualifvine Transaction, as applicable, has taken place. "

8.

A new Clause 13.4 (1) (No extension o f availability period) shall, with effect from the date hereof, be added

to the Bond Agreement after Clause 13.4 (k) (Termination o f Construction Contracts) and will read as

follows:

"(l) No Extension o fAvailability Period

The Issuer shall not agree to any amendment, modification, waiver or refinancing o f the Senior Bank Facility whereby the Availability Period (as defined in the Senior Bank Facility) with respect to the Gamma Tranche is extended beyond 31 March 2016."

9.

Clause 13.14 (b) of the Bond Agreement shall, with effect from the date hereof, be amended to read as

follows (with the amendments marked up against the original wording):

L_6623251_V1 16.09.15 512066-029

Schedule 2: draft Amendement Agreement

"The Issuer shall ensure that the Debt Service Coverage Ratio (on a consolidated basis including the Issuer and all Group Comvanies) at all times shallfrom and including 31 December 2014 be minimum 1.1Ox."

10. Except as expressly modified by this Addendum, all terms and provisions of the Bond Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. All references in the Bond Agreement to "this Agreement", "hereof', "hereby", "hereto", and the like shall, from the Effective Date, mean the Bond Agreement as hereby amended.

11. This Addendum shall constitute a Finance Document for the purposes of the Bond Agreement.

12. This Addendum may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Addendum.

13. The provisions of Clause 18.7 (Dispute Resolution and Legal Venue) of the Bond Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Addendum.

SIGNATORIES

Atlantica Tender Drilling Ltd. Issuer

NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA Bond Trustee

Name Title:

Name: Title:

L_6623251_V1 16.09.15 512066-029

