Execution copy

ISINNO 001 0431315

LOAN AGREEMENT
between
Master Marine AS (Borrower)
and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee)
on behalf of
the Bondholders
in the bond issue
FRN Master Marine AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2008/2011

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

10

3 Listing

11

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

11

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

11

6 Conditions Precedent

12

7 Representations and Warranties

13

8 Status of the Loan

13

9 Interest

16

10 Maturity o f the Loan, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option

17

11 Interest in the event of late payment

18

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

18

13 Covenants

18

14 Fees and expenses

21

15 Events of Default

21

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting andthe Loan Trustee

24

17 Procedural rules

25

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

28

19 Change o f Loan Trustee

28

20 Limitation

28

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

28

22 Eligible purchaser and transfer restrictions

29

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 13 June 2008 between Master Marine AS (Norwegian Company No 879 342 732) as borrower (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.);
* The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement as a consequence of their application and allocation of die Bonds on the terms set out in the term sheet for die Loan.
* The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public diroughout the entire term o f the Loan.
1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Assignment of Contracts:

the second priority assignment (to the extent permitted by applicable law) in die Construction & Equipment Contracts with priority after the Secured Bank Loan, in die amount of no less than EUR 60,000,000 representing 100% of die Loan plus accrued interest and expenses, in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

Assignment o f Earnings:

the second priority assignment of the Earnings {No. "Factoring"), with priority after die Secured Bank Loan, in the amount of no less than EUR 60,000,000 representing 100% of the Loan plus accrued interest and expenses, in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

Assignment of Insurances:

the second priority assignment of the Insurances, with priority after the Secured Bank Loan in the amount of no less than EUR 60,000,000 representing 100% o f the Loan plus accrued interest and expenses, in favor o f the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

3

Assignment of Refund Guarantee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
the second priority assignment of the Borrower's monetary claims (present or future) against the issuers of the Refund Guarantees, with priority after the Secured Bank Loan, in the amount o f no less than EUR 60,000,000 representing 100% of tire Loan plus accrued interest and expenses, in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders).

Banking Day:

a day which is not a Saturday or Sunday and a day which not are determined by the European Central Bank to be a Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) closing day.

Bondholders:

the holders o f the Bonds.

Bonds:

bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.

Borrower's Bonds:

bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Call Option:

the Borrower's redemption right as set out in Clause 10.2.

Change of Control Event:

an event where

(i)

a shareholder or a group of affiliated

shareholders, or companies, (direct or indirect),

(ref Norwegian Securities Trading Act § 2-5), or

(ii) a shareholder o f the Borrower or a group of shareholders acting in concert, directly or indirectly,

acquire (including purchase, merger, dilution etc.) ownership or control o f more than 50 - fifty - per cent of the share capital of the Borrower or voting shares of the Borrower. Any existing shareholder currently holding or acquiring, in the contemplated equity offering of approximately NOK 245,000,000 in May/June 2008, ownership interests or control above the levels set out in (i) and (ii) above shall not constitute a change of control event.

Construction & Equipment Contracts:

the following contracts (as amended if applicable):
(i) the construction contract for Service Jack 1 entered into between the Borrower and the Yard dated 28 March 2007,

4

Delivery: Disbursement Date: Earnings:
Equity:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) the construction contract for Service Jack 2 entered into between the Borrower and the Yard dated 28 March 2007,
(iii) the equipment contract for cranes to Service Jack 1 entered into between the Borrower and Huisman Special Lifting Equipment B.V, dated 1 June 2007,
(iv) the equipment contract for cranes to Service Jack 2 entered into between the Borrower and Huisman Special Lifting Equipment B.V. dated 1 June 2007,
(v) the equipment contract for engine to Service Jack 1 entered into between the Borrower and Mitab Marin Industri Teknik AB dated 18 April 2007,
(vi) the equipment contract for engine to Service Jack 2 entered into between the Borrower and Mitab Marin Industri Teknik AB dated 18 April 2007,
(vii) the equipment contract for thrusters for Service Jack 1 entered into between the Borrower and Schottel Antriebstechnik GmbH, dated 3 May 2007,
(viii) the equipment contract for thrusters for Service Jack 2 entered into between the Borrower and Schottel Antriebstechnik GmbH, dated 3 May 2007, and
(ix) the equipment contract for i.a. power packing equipment, DP, IAS and TC entered into between the Borrower and ABB AS, dated 9 June 2007.
the delivery o f the Vessels (Service Jack 1 and Service Jack 2), from the Yard to the Borrower, or, as the case maybe, to the Vessel Owning Subsidiaries, expected to take place on, or around, the end of the first calendar quarter 2010 and the end of the third calendar quarter 2010 respectively.
20 June 2008.
in relation to a Vessel, all moneys whatsoever (and all claims for such moneys) due or to become due to or for the account of the Borrower at any time during tire period of the Loan arising out of the use of or operation o f that Vessel, including (but not limited to) all compensation payable to the Borrower in the event of requisition of that Vessel for hire or other contract for employment of that Vessel, together with the benefit of any guarantee, indemnity or other security which may at any time be given to the Borrower as security for the payment of such moneys
the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total equity in accordance with IFRS and any Subordinated Debt as set out in the then most recent audited consolidated financial statements (or, if no audited
5

Norsk TiHitsmann ASA

consolidated financial statements are prepared, then the reference shall be made to the unaudited consolidated financial statements (if any) or on the basis of pro forma consolidated financial statements) of the Borrower.

Equity Ratio: Escrow Account: Escrow Account Pledge: EURIBOR:
EURIBOR Reference Banks:

the ratio of Equity to Total Assets.
An account established in the name of the Borrower to be blocked and pledged on first priority in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in which the bank operating tile accounts has waived any set-off rights.
the Norwegian law first priority pledge over the Borrower's funds in the amount from time to time standing to the credit o f the Borrower in the Escrow Account to be granted in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) as security for file Borrower's due fulfilment of its payment obligations (including, but not limited to payment of principal, interest and expenses) under this Loan Agreement.
the interest rate rounded off to three decimal places for a 3 - three - months period that is quoted on Reuters EURIBOROl page at 11.00 a.m. Central European Time (CET) on actual/360 day basis in the EMU zone on the Interest Determination Date.
Should the contents of the Reuters EURIBOROl page be changed such that, in file opinion of the Loan Trustee, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters system, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion o f the Loan Trustee, specifies file same kind o f interest rates as Reuters EURIBOROl did on the disbursement o f the Loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in sub-clause 9.3 of file Loan Agreement.
interest rate determined on the basis of the interest on deposits in the interbank market in the EMU, quoted on actual/360 basis by four prime banks in the EMU market at approximately 11.00 a.m. CET within the EMU zone on file Interest Determination Day, for a 3 - three - months period, starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will

6

Norsk TillUsmann ASA

ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 11.00 a.m. CET in EMU zone on the Interest Determination Date for loans in Euro to leading European banks for a 3 - three - months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to three decimal places.

Event of Default:

each event defined as an event of default in clause 15.1.

Exchange:

securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.

Finance Documents:

means (i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1, (iii) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Loan Security, and (iv) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Borrower in relation to any amount payable under this Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition.

Group:

the Borrower and its subsidiaries (directly and indirectly owned).

IFRS:

means international financial reporting standards within the meaning o f the IAS Regulation 1606/2002 to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements.

Insurances:

as described in Clause 13.2 (m).

Intercreditor Agreement: as described in Clause 8.3.

Interest Determination Date:

the first time 18 June 2008, and thereafter two Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.

Interest Payment Date:

20 March, 20 June, 20 September, and 20 December in each year. If tire Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Interest Payment Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.

Loan Security:
Margin: Maturity Date: Outstanding Loan: Payment Date: Refund Guarantee:
Remaining Loan:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

the Loan, in an amount of EUR 60,000,000 (plus accrued interest and expenses), shall on the terms and conditions of this Loan Agreement be secured by:

(i) (ii) (iii) (iv)
(v) (vi) (vii) (viii)

the Escrow Account Pledge, the Assignment of Contracts, the Assignment of Earnings, the Assignment of Insurances, the Vessel Mortgage #1, the Vessel Mortgage #2, the Assignment of Refund Guarantee, the Share Pledge.

12.00 percentage points p.a.
20 June 2011. If the Maturity Date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Maturity Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.
remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.
in relation to the Loan, the dates specified for payment of interest or principal.
the refund guarantees (issued as security for the Borrower's payments to the Yard prior to the delivery of the Vessels), currently consisting of the following refund guarantees:
(i) the refund guarantee of EUR 5,648,367 issued by United Overseas Bank Limited, dated 16 May 2007;
(ii) the refund guarantee of EUR 5,648,367 issued by DBS Bank Limited, dated 16 May 2007;
(iii) the refund guarantee of EUR 5,648,366 issued by OCBC Bank, dated 16 May 2007;
(iv) the refund guarantee of EUR 16,051,760 issued by Standard Chartered Bank, dated 30 November 2 0 0 7 ;and
(v) the refund guarantee of EUR 16,519,700 issued by Standard Chartered Bank, dated 17 May 2007.
the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount o f tire Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.

Norsk TiUUsmann ASA

Secured Bank Loan:
Securities Depository: Service Jack 1: Service Jack 2: Share Pledge:
Subordinated Debt:
Total Assets: Total Loss:

a loan (including any letters of credit or other guarantees, provided or to be provided by a lender or lenders), not to exceed EUR 200,000,000 plus interest and expenses, from a bank (or any other similar financial institution) which may be secured on better priority than this Loan in the assets that comprise the Loan Security (except for the Escrow Account).
die securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On the Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").
the Borrower's jack-up construction vessel, bearing hull no. L205, currently under construction at the Yard.
the Borrower's jack-up construction vessel, bearing hull no. L206, currently under construction at the Yard.
the pledge over the shares in the Vessel Owning Subsidiaries, with priority after the Secured Bank Loan, in the Loan amount (plus interests and expenses), in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), to be established upon any transfer o f the ownership o f any one of the Vessels to a Vessel Owning Subsidiary.
any long term financial indebtedness of the Borrower (always determined by the application of IFRS), which is subordinated to the Borrower's obligations to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under this Loan Agreement and in any event with final maturity after the Maturity Date for the Loan.
the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total assets which are treated as assets in accordance with IFRS, as set out in the audited annual accounts and the interim reports provided by the Borrower according to Clause 13.1 (b).
means, in relation to a Vessel, (a) actual, constructive, compromised, agreed or arranged total loss of that Vessel or (b) requisition for title or other compulsory acquisition of that Vessel, otherwise than by requisition for hire or (c) capture, seizure, arrest, detention or confiscation o f that Vessel by any government or by any persons acting or purporting to act on behalf of any government, unless that Vessel be released and restored to the Borrower within one (1) month thereafter.

9

Norsk TMUtsmunn ASA

Vessels: Vessel Mortgage #1:
Vessel Mortgage #2:
Vessel Owning Subsidiaries: Yard:

means Service Jack 1 and Service Jack 2 collectively, but each of them shall be referred to as a "Vessel".
second priority mortgage over the Vessel Service Jack 1 including appurtenant insurance with priority after the Secured Bank Loan, in the Loan amount (plus interests and expenses), in favor o f the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
second priority mortgage over the Vessel Service Jack 2 including appurtenant insurance with priority after the Secured Bank Loan, in die Loan amount (plus interests and expenses), in favor o f the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
the subsidiaries to which the Borrower at a later stage may assign the Construction & Equipment Contracts or transfer the ownership of any one of the Vessels.
the yard (located at Tanjung Uncang, Batam, Indonesia) for the construction of the Vessels, owned by Drydocks World Graha Ltd. (formerly named Labroy Offshore Ltd) a company organised and existing under the laws of Mauritius and having its registered office at level 3, Alexander House, 35 Cyvercity, Ebene, Mauritius.

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of EUR 60,000,000 (Euro sixty million), herein referred to as the "Loan".
The Bonds will be in denominations of EUR 50,000 each and shall rank pari passu among themselves.
The Loan will be described as "FRN Master Marine AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2008/2011".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be NO 001 0431315.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date, or earlier if all o f the Bonds are redeemed prior to the Maturity Date pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein.
The net proceeds of the Loan will be employed for the part financing (construction or otherwise as set out in Clause 6.3) of the Vessels.

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3 Listing
3.1 An application for listing on the ABM (Alternative Bond Market) will be made.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act (the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository) and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 Tire Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on die
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Bondholder's representative, - verify the timely and correct payment o f interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform die Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and die Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to die extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by die Bondholders as a result of negligence o f die Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
11

Norsk Tillitsmaim ASA
5.4 The Loan Trustee shall (i) provide all reasonable cooperation and assistance, and shall take such further acts as are reasonably required, to enable the lenders under the Secured Bank Loan to register and perfect the permitted security under the Secured Bank Loan on first priority, and (ii) to enter into the Intercreditor Agreement (on behalf of the Bondholders).
6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to tire Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to tine Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly executed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents,
(c) a power of attorney from the Borrower to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents,
(d) certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles of Association of the Borrower, and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(e) the latest available annual and interim report (if applicable) of the Borrower and the Group,
(f) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of die Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any otiier applicable law,
(g) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(h) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly executed,
(i) any written documentation made public in connection witii the Loan, and
(j) evidence for establishment o f the Escrow Account.
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above the net proceeds of the Loan will be transferred to the Escrow Account at Disbursement Date.
6.3 Prior to any release of funds from the Escrow Account, the Loan Trustee shall have received the following documents in a form and content satisfactory to the Loan Trustee:
12

Norsk Tillilsniimii ASA

(a) a duly executed Release Notice in respect of the relevant release; and

(b) documentation evidencing that the amounts to be released shall be applied in accordance with the following purposes:

(i)

to finance the remaining payment obligations under the relevant

Construction and Equipment Contracts,

(ii) to cover documented costs incurred by, or for the account of, the Borrower or the Vessel Owning Subsidiaries relating to the construction of the Vessels, or

(iii) to make the relevant Vessel ready for operational contracts.

6.4 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving any of the documents listed above.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower represents and warrants that:
(a) it is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) it has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery o f the Finance Documents;
(c) die Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with its tenns, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower and for any Loan Security to constitute a valid and enforceable agreed priority mortgage;
(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower of die Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or odier constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower;
(e) no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with rhe giving of notice, lapse of time, detennination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or any of its assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;

13
f\

Norsk TiUitsmann ASA
(f) all documents and information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals o f governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect,
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) the Borrower is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) tlie Borrower's payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatory preferred by law applying to companies generally;
(l) no financial indebtedness have been secured in respect of any Loan Security prior to the signing o f the Loan Agreement; and
(m) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower on the signing date of the Loan Agreement and repeated on the Disbursement Date.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan and security
8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan including accrued interest and expenses shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be secured by the following which shall constitute the Loan Security securing the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement:
(i) from the Disbursement Date and thereafter:
14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) the Escrow Account Pledge.
(ii) from the first release of funds from the Escrow Account:
(a) the Assignment of Contracts;
(b) the Assignment of Refund Guarantee; and
(c) the Assignment of Earnings.
(iii) from the Delivery of the Vessel(s):
(a) the Vessel Mortgage #1 (from the Delivery date of Service Jack 1)
(b) the Vessel Mortgage #2 (from the Delivery date of Service Jack 2)
(c) the Assignment of Insurances; and
(d) a second priority Share Pledge (with priority after the Secured Bank Loan), if the title to one or both Vessels are transferred from the Borrower to a Vessel Owning Subsidiary.
Each Loan Security shall, where relevant according to applicable law, be in the amount of no less than EUR 60,000,000 representing 100% of the Loan plus accrued interest and expenses. The Loan Trustee may require a legal opinion related to each security.
8.3 Prior to the first release of funds from the Escrow Account, the Loan Trustee shall have received the following documents in form and content satisfactory to the Loan Trustee:
(i) evidence that the Maturity Date in the "6.00 per cent Master Marine AS Convertible PUC Bond Issue 2007/2010" (ISIN NO 001 0372469) Loan Agreement has been changed to 16 May 2012,
(ii) evidence that a minimum of NOK 245,000,000 in additional equity in the Borrower, will be paid in full, and
(iii) evidence of the due execution and perfection of the Assignment of Earnings, Assignment of Contracts, and the Assignment of Refund Guarantee.
Before each release from the Escrow Account, the Borrower shall submit to the Loan Trustee, a release notice in the form and content as set out in Schedule 1.
8.4 An Intercreditor Agreement may be entered into on market terms between the Loan Trustee and the lenders under the Secured Bank Loan. The Intercreditor Agreement will include, inter alia, provisions of application of proceeds from a sale of a Ves sel of any requisition compensation or moneys receivable under the Insurances over the Vessels or otherwise in respect o f a total loss o f a Vessel whereas funds shall be payable in order of priority: (i) first in or towards the discharge of the indebtedness under the Secured Bank Loan, (ii) secondly, in or towards the discharge of the indebtedness under the Loan, and (iii) thirdly, tire balance (if any) shall be paid to the Borrower, subject always
15 /fU

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
to payments mandatory preferred by law.
9 Interest
9.1 Interest accrues from and including tire Disbursement Date and is based on ElIRIBOR plus the Margin. The interest rate is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should EURIBOR not be available, tire interest rate will be set based on EURIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
The interest rate is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in September 2008.
9.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the Interest Determination Date based on EURIBOR plus the Margin. Should EURIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on EURIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified o f the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that tire interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from EURIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/10th of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days o f tire Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chainnan, this person will be nominated by the Chief Justice of the Oslo City Court. The decision o f the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from die Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number o f elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement date to the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each interest fixing date to the next or the maturity date. The number of days is divided by 360.
16

Norsk Tillitsnmnn ASA
10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option
10.1 The Loan will run without instalments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option): (i) on the Interest Payment Date in June 2009 at 105% o f par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
(ii) on the Interest Payment Date in June 2010 at 102.5% of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date o f redemption.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a fall repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
10.3 Upon a Change o f Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right o f repayment (a "Put Option") of the bonds at a price of 102 % o f par plus accrued interest.
Tire Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Borrower has given notification as set out in Clause 13.1 (h).
The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to the Bondholder's VPS account manager. The Bondholder's VPS account manager shall notify the paying agent of the Loan (tire "Paying Agent") of the repayment request. Tire Put Option date shall be fifteen - 15 - Banking Days following the date when tire Paying Agent received the repayment request.
10.4 The Loan must be repaid in full plus accrued unpaid interest:
(i) at par value (100%) in the event of a Total Loss of any one of tire Vessels or if the Borrower has not duly fulfilled its obligations under clause 6.3 (i) and (ii) within 31 July 2008; or
(ii) at 102% of par value in the event that any one of the Vessels are sold or disposed of to a third party not being a member of the Group,
each a "Mandatory Redemption".
In the event of a Mandatory Redemption, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 15 - fifteen Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Tjt'l)
17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Borrower shall repay the Loan:
(i) in case of a sale or disposal of any one of the Vessels on the date on which the sale or disposal is completed by delivery o f the relevant Vessel to the acquirer, but in no event later than the Maturity Date, and;
(ii) in case o f a Total Loss of any one of the Vessels, at the earlier of (a) upon receipt of insurance proceeds, and (b) 90 - ninety - days after the occurrence of a Total Loss, but in no event later than the Maturity Date,
(iii) in case the Borrower has not duly fulfilled its obligations under clause 6.3 (i) and (ii) within 31 July 2008, within 15 Banking Days after 31 July 2008.
Funds may be drawn from the Escrow Account to finance the Mandatory Redemption.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment o f interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, tire amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5 00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 -15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption o f the Remaining Loan.
13 Covenants
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of tire Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim report period,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies o f any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) in connection with reporting under 13.1 (b) confirm to the Loan Trustee die Borrower's compliance with Clause 13, and
(h) immediately notify the Bondholders (via Securities Depository), the Loan Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) if a Change of Control Event or a mandatory redemption event as described in Clause 10.4 takes place.
13.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower and any member of the Group shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not cease to carry on its business,
(b) not;
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, (ii) change the nature of its business, or (iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business,
in a manner which might jeopardise the Borrower's fulfillment o f its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(c) not make any arrangements which may jeopardize the Loan Security,
(d) not permit any equal or senior security in the Loan Security save for the Secured Bank Loan,
(e) not permit any junior security in the Loan Security entered into on terms, which in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, is not satisfactory to the Bondholders right under the Loan Agreement,
(f) not permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time,
19
l

Norsk Tillilsmimn ASA
(g) make any financial or other arrangements concerning the Vessels and its employment which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(h) grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any third party (including security interest granted to a third party) other than what is normal in the ordinary course of business and permitted under the Secured Bank Debt,
(i) not raise any additional financial indebtedness (loans, guarantees and similar obligations) with security granted over any of the assets subject to tire Loan Security, which ranks equal to or ahead of the Loan, other than the Secured Bank Loan,
(j) not make any dividend payment, repurchase o f shares or make other distributions or loans to its shareholders (including any transactions with similar effect),
(k) not redeem, or in any other way reduce, subordinated capital with priority behind tire Loan (if any), without, at the same time replacing such funds with similar, or more junior, capital. Lenders o f such funds shall under no circumstances be able to demand repayment prior to the maturity of the Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, this shall also apply for any such funds obtained after the date of the Loan Agreement,
(l) procure that the Vessels, when relevant, at all time after Delivery remain (i) in class, (ii) operated in accordance with the ISM Code and ISPS Code in all respect, and (iii) no change of the Vessels' management, flag or classification society unless agreed by the Bondholders' meeting,
(m) to, after tire relevant date of Delivery, effect and maintain in full force and effect sufficient insurances (the "Insurances") (i) on and over the Vessels in respect of (a) hull, machinery and equipment, marine and war risks (including excess risks), (b) protection and indemnity risks (including pollution risks and where applicable, environmental risk and damage), and (c) such other risks for which insurance would be maintained by a pruduant owner of a ship of similar type, size, age and flag, and (ii) such insurances in such amounts and upon such terms as shall from time to time be approved by the Loan Trustee, but in no event less than:
(i) in the case of hull, machinery and equipment, marine and war risks and excess risks, on an agreed value basis of the market value of the Vessel;
(ii) in case of protection and indemnity risks, for the full value and tonnage of that Vessel, for the maximum amount obtainable in the market.
(n) indemnify and hold the Bondholders and the Trustee harmless against any environmental liability in relation to the Vessels as mortgagees,
(o) ensure that it is the sole and direct owner of the Vessels or the Vessel Owning Subsidiaries,
(p) not agree to any material changes to tire Construction and Equipment Contracts,
20

Norsk THIUsmnnn ASA
(q) duly and promptly perform its duties and liabilities under tire Construction and Equipment Contracts and to use its best endeavors to procure that the Yard duly and promptly performs and discharges its duties and liabilities under the Construction and Equipment Contracts to which the Yard is a party, and
(r) not release the Yard from any o f its duties under the relevant Construction and Equipment Contracts or waive any breach of any o f its material duties and liabilities or consent to any such act or omission of the Yard which would otherwise constitute a material breach.
13.3 During the term o f the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless die Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following financial covenants:
(a) ensure that the Group (on a consolidated basis) maintains an Equity of minimum EUR 120,000,000, and
(b) ensure that the Group (on a consolidated basis) maintains an Equity Ratio of minimum 35 %.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with die agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository (or the paying agent).
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any witiiholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee o f the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with die Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (Events of Default):
21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Document; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) if, for each member of the Group, the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness or commitment for financial indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of EUR 1,000,000 - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any financial indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event o f default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event o f default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(d) if, for any member o f the Group;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) the value of the assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities), or
(iii) a moratorium is declared,
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
(e) if, for any member of the Group; any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to;
22

Norsk Tillitsmnnn ASA
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
(f) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf o f any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.
15.4 In the event that die Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment o f interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case o f the Borrower, expenses.
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee 16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement,
the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as: (a) change of Loan Trustee, (b) change of Borrower, (c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other
conditions, (d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital
reduction or conversion, (e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets or security
for the Loan, (f) declaring the Loan to be in default. The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions. The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. 16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (d) and (e), provided that: (a) the changes are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant
importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or (b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the
judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee o f it, and shall also infonn that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of die notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at die Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and tire provisions o f this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions o f Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Tmstee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholders) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions o f Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in tire Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at tlie time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in file summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to tlie second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative o f the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
Tlie minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. Tlie minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, tlie Loan Trustee and - if tlie Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend tlie Bondholders'meeting. Tlie Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
/pti
26

Norsk TillUsmann ASA
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer. The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number o f voting Bonds. In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clausel8. Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision: (a) change of bondholders' representative, (b) change of borrower, (c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or (d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are o f significant importance for the fulfilment o f the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, tire voting shall be in writing and the number o f votes shall be recorded in tire minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in tire votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy. Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy o f the minutes of the meeting.
27

Norsk TilHtsnmnn ASA
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at tire first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 o f the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change o f Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders'meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after tire Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders'meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up o f conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation
20.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.
21 Governing law, Dispute resolution and legal venue
21.1 This Loan Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws o f Norway.
J tS T
28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
21.2 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
21.3 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
22. Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
22.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Borrower a certification in a form to be provided by the Borrower stating, among other things, that the investor is a QEB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
22.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Bars, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.

Oslo, 13 June 2008

Master Marine AS Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

29

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

FORM OF RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Schedule 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Attn: [name]
Dear Sir, RE: LOAN AGREEMENT

RELEASE NOTICE

[Place and date]

We refer to the loan agreement dated on or about [ ] May 2008 (the "Loan Agreement") with ISIN NO [ ] made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Loan Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders (the "Bondholders"), and tire undersigned as Borrower, in respect of the Loan.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Loan Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we o n ______________ wish to draw NOK______ under our account no ._______ (the Escrow Account) for the purpose pursuant to the purpose of the Loan, and ask you irrevocably upon our satisfaction of tire conditions of Clause 6 (cf. Clause 7) of the Loan Agreement to instruct the bank to unblock the above amounts according to this Release Notice.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred which constitutes an Event of Default or which by giving of notice and/or lapse o f time would constitute an Event of Default, and (ii) our representations contained in the Loan Agreement are true and accurate at the time hereof with reference to the facts now subsisting.

Yours faithfully, M aster M arine AS

[signed by duly authorised persons with the Borrower] Enclosure: [copy o f written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

30

