ISIN:NO 000166007.0
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Finansbanken ASA (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann AS (Trustee)
on behalf of the Bondholders
in bond issue
FRN Finansbanken ASA Subordinated Bond Issue 1998/2008 with Call Option

Norsk TillilsinannAS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions..............................................................................

3

2 The Loan.................................................................................

5

3 Listing.....................................................................................

5

4 Registration in the V P S..........................................................

5

5 The Trustee's Functions, Duties and Liability........................

6

6 Conditions Precedent..............................................................

7

7 Representations and Warranties.............................................

7

8 Status of the Loan...................................................................

8

9 Interest and interest calculations............................................

8

10 Maturity of the Loan.............................................................

9

11 Interest in the Event of late Payment...................................

9

12 Borrower's call option and acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

9

13 Borrower's obligations during the Term of the L oan...........

10

14 Fees and Expenses................................................................

11

15 Events of Default..................................................................

11

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Trustee......

12

17 Procedural R ules..................................................................

13

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting..........................................

16

19 Change of T rustee................................................................

16

20 Limitation.............................................................................

16

21 Dispute Resolution and Legal Venue..................................

17

2

Norsk Tillitsmann AS

Thi "Loan Agreement" has been entered into at 4 March 1998 between Finansbanken ASA (Company No. 953 299 216) as Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann AS (Company No. 963 342 624) as Trustee.
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription agreement/description of the Loan, and the Loan Agreement was made available to the public in advance.
The Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement shall be available to the general public, and may be obtained on request to the Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower undertakes to ensure that the Loan Agreement is generally available throughout the life of the Loan.

1 Definitions
Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:

- a day which is not Saturday or Sunday and on which banks in Norway are open for business.

Borrowers Bonds:

- bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower, the Borrower's subsidiary (ies), any party over whom the Borrower has such influence as is described in § 1-2 of the Norwegian Companies Act or any party who has such influence over the Borrower as is described in § 1-2 of the Norwegian Companies Act.

Interest Determination Date:- 4 March 1998 and thereafter two Banking Days prior to each
Interest Payment Date.

Interest Payment Date:

- 6 March, and 6 September each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 6 September 1998. If the Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day.

Outstanding Loan: - Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

3

NorskTillitsmann AS

NIBOR:

on Reuters NIBR page at 12.00a.m. in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date.

Should the contents of the Reuters NIBR page be changed such that, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Borrower, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters system, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Borrower, specifies the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in subclause 9.3 of the Loan Agreement.

NIBOR Reference Banks:

- interest rate determined on the basis of the interest on deposits
quoted by the four largest authorised exchange banks on the Norwegian market at approximately 12.00a.m. in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date in respect of banks in the inter-bank market in Oslo for a 6 (six) months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to an appreciable amount. The Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Trustee quote at approximately 12.00 a.m. in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date for loans in Norwegian krone to Oleading European banks for a 6 (six) months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to an appreciable amount.

Reuters: VPS:

4

Norsk Tillilsmann AS
2 The Loan 2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of bonds at a maximum amount of
NOK 91.000.000,- (Norwegian krone ninety one million), herein referred to as "the Loan". The Loan may comprise on or more tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranche will be in the amount ofNOK 61.000.000,- (Norwegian krone sixty one million). The Loan will be open for new tranches until 6 April 1998.
The bonds will be in denominations ofNOK 10,000.- (Norwegian krone ten thousand) each and rank pari passue among themselvs.
The Loan will be described as " FRN Finansbanken ASA Subordinated Bond Issue 1998/2008 with Call Option".
The International Securities Identification Number(ISIN) of the Loan will be: NO 000166007.0.
The Loan will run from and including 6 March 1998 to and excluding 6 March 2008.
The purpose of the Loan is to refinance existing subordinated loan capital and to strengthen the Borrower's capital ratio.
2.2 All tranches under the Loan will be subject to identical terms in all respects. When further tranches are to be raised, a supplementary agreement will regulate the conditions regarding the disbursement of the relevant tranche.
3 Listing 3.1 The Loan will not be listed from the disbursement of the Loan, but an application will
later be submitted in order to have the Loan listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
4 Registration in the VPS 4.1 Registration of the Loan in VPS is legally required in accordance with § 1- 2 of the Act
of 14 June 1985, no. 62 (VPS Act).
The Loan shall be registered in VPS by the Borrower's KU, in accordance with separate agreement between the Borrower and the KU.
4.2 The Borrower shall undertake to ensure that its appointed KU establishes and properly maintains the operation of the Borrower's VPS account, according to the provisions of the VPS Act, § 4 - 8, cf. §§ 3 - 1and 3- 3 , with all the obligations, rights and duties conferred by this act, regulations pursuant to the VPS Act, other legislation in general and the Loan Agreement.
5

Norsk Tillitsmann AS

4.3 In the event of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan which impacts the VPS, the Borrower shall ensure that the appointed KU, with notice to the Trustee, carries out the necessary registration, amendment or deletion of information with the VPS. The same applies to any decisions regarding redemption, conversion or default of the Loan, to the extent such decisions influence, or are in any way significant, to the VPS account.
4.4 Any expenses incurred by the KU in its role as such, and other costs arising as a consequence of registration of the Loan in the VPS shall be borne by the Borrower.
4.5 Provisions in the Loan Agreement pertaining to the role of KU, hereunder the Borrower's obligations in this regard, shall remain valid in the event that the role of KU is transferred to another organisation authorised to act as such in the VPS.
5 The Trustee's Functions, Duties and Liability
5.1 The Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia
- monitor the Borrowers fulfillment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Trustee under
the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholders' meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Trustee pursuant to the Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
the capacity of Trustee, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, - inform the Oslo Stock Exchange of any circumstances which are of significant
importance to the listing of the Bonds, though only in those situations in which the Trustee has, or should have knowledge about such circumstances and the Borrower neglects, despite of encouragement from the Trustee, to fulfil its obligations to give information to the Oslo Stock Exchange.
5.2 In performing its functions as trustee, the Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of the Trustee's negligence in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.

6

8K

Norsk Tillitsmann AS
6 Conditions Precedent 6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to The Trustee having received the following
documents, at least three Banking Days prior to the disbursement date, of subclause 6.3 below, and written notice being given by the Trustee that the form and content of such documents has been found in order:
(a) The Loan Agreement duly signed,
(b) certified copies of the Borrowers resolution to issue the Bonds,
(c) certified copies of the Articles of Association of the Borrower,
(d) extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(e) certified copies of governmental authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement,
(f) statement from the Norwegian Banking Inspectorate and Securities Commission showing that the Loan meets the requirements necessary for approval as subordinated loan capital according to the Norwegian regulations of banks capital ratios,
(g) the agreement according to subclause 14.1 of the Loan Agreement, duly signed,
(h) confirmations that the Loan has been registered with the VPS, and
6.2 The Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to the above.
6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the first tranche of the Loan will be made available to the Borrower on 6 March 1998 ("the Disbursement Date").
6.4 The Borrower may issue further tranches of the Loan, c.f. subclause 2.2.
7 Representations and Warranties 7.1 The Borrower represents and warrants that:
(a) all information given in connection with the Loan presents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower which could have a material adverse change on the Borrowers ability to perform its duties under the Loan Agreement,

7

9

Norsk Tillilsmann AS
(b) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid and
(c) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrowers knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement
8 Status of the Loan
8.1 The Loan and associated interest shall be subordinate to all other debts of the Borrower, with the provision that the Loan and associated interest shall rank pari passue with other subordinated loans and shall rank prior to shareholders funds and other equity.
8.2 A sa consequence of the status of the Loan as subordinated loan capital, it cannot be redeemed or demanded to be redeemed prior to the predetermined due date without the consent of the Norwegian Banking Inspectorate and the Securities Commission, provided that such consent is required at that particular time.
9 Interest and interest calculations
9.1 Interest accrues from the Disbursement Date of the Loan based on NIBOR with a supplement of 105 basis points. NIBOR is set on the Interest Determination Date. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on the rate from NIBOR Reference Banks with a supplement of 105 basis points. The interest is reset in accordance with subclause 9.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on the Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date being in September 1998 and the last Interest Payment Date being in March 2008.
9.2 The interest on the Loan is reset on each Interest Determination Date (having effect from each Interest Payment Date) based on NIBOR with a supplement of 105 basis points. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on the rate from NIBOR Reference Banks with a supplement of 105 basis points.
When interest is reset in March 2003 and for subsequent interest determinations, the supplement in terms of either NIBOR or NIBOR Reference Banks will be 180 basis points.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via VPS. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. If the Loan is listed The Oslo Stock Exchange must also be informed about the new interest rate.
8

Norsk Tillitsmann AS
9.3 Should the Loan's interest rate be set with respect to NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders who represent at least 1/1Oth of the Outstanding Loan may appeal about the setting of the interest rate. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Trustee within 20 Banking days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower and one representative is nominated by the Trustee, and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Lord Chief Justice of the City of Oslo Stipendiary Magistrate's Court (Byrettsjustitiarius). The decision of the committee is final.
An announcement that an appeal has been made regarding the setting of the interest rate with respect to subclause 9.3 must be sent to the Bondholders via VPS and to the Oslo Stock Exchange - should the Loan be listed on that exchange.
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days divided by 360. If the method of calculating the number of days' interest for the reference interest rate changes, the method of calculating the number of days' interest for the Loan must be changed accordingly.
10 Maturity of the Loan
10.1 The Loan will run without instalments and mature in whole on 6 March 2008, at par (cf. however subclause 12.1).
11 Interest in the Event of late Payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the Payment Dates, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at the rate set forth in the Norwegian Act Relating to Interest on past due Payments.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to subclause 15.1 (a), cf. subclauses 15.2- 15.4.
12 Borrower's call option and acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower may on the Interest Payment Date in March 2003 redeem the Loan wholly or partially at 100 % price (Call Option), provided that the redemption conditions stipulated in subclause 8.2 are met.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the bonds.
9
A

Norsk Tillitsmann AS
Should the Borrower utilise his redemption right, the Bondholders must be informed of this in writing via VPS no later than 30 - thirty - Banking days before the date of redemption.
12.2 Bonds acquired after redemption in accordance with subclause 12.1 must be utilised for depreciation of the Outstanding Loan and be deleted from VPS.
12.3 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Outstanding Loan. Acquisition of Borrower's Bonds may not take place without the consent of the Norwegian Banking Inspectorate and the Securities Commission.
13 Borrower's obligations during the Term of the Loan 13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall:
1(a) immediately inform the Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of his own accord send to the Trustee annual reports and quarterly reports as soon as they are available,
(c) give an unsolicited warning to the Trustee regarding utilisation of the Borrower's right in accordance with subclause 12.1 of the Loan Agreement to prematurely redeem the Loan (call option),
(d) at the Trustee's request send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(e) ensure that a clause corresponding to that included in Clause 8 of the Loan Agreement will be applicable to subordinated loans set up at a later date,
(f) not pay dividends on share capital unless the Loan has been completely serviced according to the terms of the Loan Agreement,
(g) provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Oslo Stock Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(h) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Trustee may reasonably request.
10

Norsk Tillitsmann AS
13.2 The Borrower shall not without the approval of the Trustee or - where necessary according to Clause 16- the Bondholders' meeting:
(a) cease to carry on its business,
(b) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature of its business which in the opinion of the Trustee might jeopardise the Borrowers fulfillment of the obligations under the Loan Agreement or
(c) carry through a merger or demerger (writing down of capital).
14 Fees and Expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Oslo Stock Exchange and registration and administration of the Loan in VPS.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee or other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by legislation or other regulations.
The Borrower is responsible for the deduction at source of any withholding tax liable pursuant to Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the Trustee's fee pursuant to subclause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Subclauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Trustee in connection with the Loan, such as summoning and holding Bondholder meetings and change of trustee, unless otherwise is specifically agreed. See however Subclause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 A sa consequence of the status of the Loan, cf. Clause 8, and regulations determined by the Norwegian Banking Inspectorate and the Securities Commission (regulation on changing the regulation of 21 January 1993 for supplementing capital adequacy requirements, adopted 6 October 1994) that the Loan Agreement may not contain clauses to the effect that it is possible for repayment to be demanded on the instigation of the Trustee or the Bondholders, and the Trustee / Bondholders are therefore referred to the background courts and general principles of Norwegian law when it comes to a declaration regarding an event of default and justification. Any repayment of the Loan requires the consent of the Norwegian Banking Inspectorate and the Securities Commission, cf. subclause 8.2 .
11

Norsk Tillilsmann AS
15.2 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Trustee 16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement,
the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as: (a) change of trustee, (b) change of borrower, (c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other
conditions, (d) approval of changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers,
demergers, capital reduction or conversion, (e) approve the sale, mortgaging or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets, (f) declaring the Loan to be in default. The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions. The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. 16.2 The Trustee can on its own make a decision as mentioned in subclause 16.1 d)-e), provided: (a) that the arrangements regarding the Borrower's assets or the changes in the
Borrower's corporate structure are not, in the Trustee's judgement, of material importance to the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement (b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the Trustee's judgement, adequate security for the fulfillment of the Loan Agreement.
12

Norsk Tillitsinaun AS
The Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in subclause 16.1 c), provided that the matters in question are, in the Trustee's judgement, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through VPS. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the Trustee's opinion of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 1- one - month from the dispatchment of the notification. The Trustee may attach conditions to its decision. The Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders. 16.3 The Trustee is free to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting. 16.4 The Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting. 16.5 The Borrower, Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Stock Exchange shall be notified of decisions mentioned in subclauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural Rules 17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan,
(c) Oslo Stock Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or (d) The Trustee. A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed. The request shall be sent to the Trustee. 17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Trustee pursuant to the provisions of subclause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase Outstanding Loan.
13

Norsk Tillitsinann AS
If the Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in subclause 17.1 within 5 - five - Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower, the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Stock Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of subclause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest 5 - five - Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through VPS to every Bondholder with known place of residence and, if the Loan is listed, the Oslo Stock Exchange for public announcement. The notification through VPS shall also state the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18 of the Loan Agreement, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the Trustee's premises or at premises designated by the Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - representatives of the Oslo Stock Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
14

Norsk Tillilsmann AS
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each bond carries one vote. The notification of the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) sent to each Bondholder through VPS in the summons to the meeting, see Subclause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the bonds and of each owners' right to vote. In the event that bonds have been transferred after the print out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrowers' Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause 18.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/10 or more of the Outstanding Loan, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority see however Clause 18.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of trustee,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfillment of the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
15

Norsk Tillilsmann AS
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting In the event that less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Trustee 19.1 In the event that the Borrower or/and Bondholders wish to replace the Trustee pursuant
to subclause 16.1 a), or a change of Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Trustee has requested such change, the Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new trustee. The Bondholders, the Borrower and Oslo Stock Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and Oslo Stock Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Trustee shall continue to discharge its duties until the new trustee has been elected. In the event that the Trustee does not fulfil its obligations, or the interests of the Bondholders suffer, the Oslo Stock Exchange can nominate a new, temporary trustee. The Borrower is liable for costs incurred by nomination of the temporary trustee, pursuant to Subclause 17.4, but can, either in whole or in part, demand reimbursement from the former Trustee, in the event that the charge of trustee is due to breach of duty pursuant to the provisions of the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the Trustee is responsible.
22.3 The Trustee shall co-operate so that the new trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18 1979 nr 18.
16

Norsk Tillilsmann AS

21 Dispute Resolution and Legal Venue
21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the Trustee's competent legal venue.

Oslo, 4 March 1998

pr. pr. Finansbanken ASA
/ ( / //

pr. pr. Norsk Tillitsmann AS

Borrower

Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Trustee keep one each.

17

