Dated 15 November 2016

FINAL TERMS SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS

Issue of NOK 450,000,000 2.10 per cent. Fixed Rate Notes, due 25 November 2026 (extendable to 25 November 2027)
Global Medium Term Covered Note Programme
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the VPS Conditions set out in the prospectus dated 10 June 2016 which constitutes a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (Directive 2003/71/EC) (as amended by Directive 2010/73/EU (the 2010 PD Amending Directive), the Prospectus Directive). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the comhination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. The Base Prospectus and (in the case of Notes listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

1. Series Number:

2016-8

2. (i) Tranche Number:

1

(ii) Series with which Notes will be Not Applicable consolidated and form a single Series:

(iii) Date on which the Notes will be Not Applicable consolidated and form a single Series with the Series specified above:

3. Specified Currency or Currencies:

Norwegian Kroner ("NOK")

4. Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(i) Series:

NOK 450,000,000

(ii) Tranche:

NOK 450,000,000

5. Issue Price:

100.00 per cent, of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

6. (a) Specified Denominations:

NOK 1,000,000

(b) Calculation Amount:

NOK 1,000,000

7. (i) Issue Date:

25 November 2016

(ii) Interest Commencement Date: Issue Date

8. Maturity Date:

25 November 2026

9. Extended Final Maturity Date:

25 November 2027

10. Interest Basis:

2.10 per cent. Fixed Rate. From and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.

3-month NIBOR + 0.62 per cent. Floating Rate. From and including the Maturity Date to but excluding the Extended Final Maturity Date (as applicable)

11. Redemption/Payment Basis:

Redemption at par

12. Change of Interest Basis:

If the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, then payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and will be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date.

See also Interest Basis

13. Put/Call Options:

Not Applicable

14. Date Board approval for issuance of 13 September 2016 Notes obtained:

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions

Applicable, from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.

(i) Rate(s) of Interest: (ii) Interest Payment Date(s):

2.10 per cent, per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.
25 November in each year from (and including) 25 November 2017 up to and including the Maturity

Date.

(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s)::

NOK 21,000 per Calculation Amount

(iv) Broken Amounts:

Not Applicable

(v) Day Count Fraction:

30/360

(vi) Determination Date(s):

Not Applicable

16 Floating Rate Note Provisions

Applicable, from and including the Maturity Date to but excluding the Extended Final Maturity Date

(vii) Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest will be payable quarterly in arrears on 25

Interest Payment Dates:

February, 25 May, 25 August and 25 November in

each year commencing on 25 February 2027 and

ending on the Extended Final Maturity Date,

subject to adjustment in accordance with the

Business Day Convention specified below (each a

"Specified Interest Payment Date").

A reference to an Interest Payment Date shall also be deemed to include a Specified Interest Payment Date.

(viii) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention

(ix) Business Centre(s):

Oslo

0 0 Manner in which the Rate of ISDA Determination Interest and Interest Amount is
to be determined:

(xi) Party responsible for calculating SpareBank 1 SR-Bank the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount:

(xii) Screen Rate Determination:

Not Applicable

(xiii) ISDA Determination:

Applicable

(xiv) Floating Rate Option:

NOK-NIBOR-NIBR

(xv) Designated Maturity:

3 months

(xvi) Reset Date:

The first day of each Interest Period

(xvii) Linear Interpolation:

Not Applicable

(xviii) Margin(s):

+0.62 per cent, per annum

(xix) Minimum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(X X ) Maximum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(xxi) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

17. Issuer Call:

Not Applicable

18. Investor Put:

Not Applicable

19. Final Redemption Amount of each Note: NOK 1,000,000 per Calculation Amount

20. Early Redemption Amount of each Note Not Applicable payable on redemption:

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

21. Form of Notes:

(i)

Form:

VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book form

(ii)

New Global Note:

No

22. Additional Financial Centre(s)

Oslo

23. Talons for future Coupons to be attached No to Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature):

24. Redenomination applicable:

Not applicable

Signed on behalf of the Issuer:

Duly authorised

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING

(i) Listing:

Oslo Børs, regulated market.

(ii) Admission to trading:

The Notes are expected to be admitted to trading on Oslo Børs with effect from or about the Issue Date.

(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to As set out in the price list of Oslo Børs. admission to trading:

RATINGS

Ratings:

The Program under which the Notes are issued under are rated:

Moody's: Aaa

Fitch: AAA

Each of Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's") and Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). As such both Moody's and Fitch are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with such Regulation

INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Dealer, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer and its affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in investment banking and/or commercial transactions with and may perform other services for the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)

Indication of yield:

2.10 per cent.

The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue price. It is not an indication of future yield.

OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(i) ISIN Code:

NO0010778764

(ii) Common Code:

Not Applicable

(iii) CUSIP Code:

Not Applicable

(iv) CINS Code:

Not Applicable

(v) Any clearing system(s) other than VPS, Norway. VPS identification number: 985 Euroclear and Clearstream, 140 421. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain Luxembourg or DTC and the information from the register maintained by the relevant identification number(s): VPS for the purposes of performing its obligations under the issue of VPS Notes.

(vi) Delivery:

Delivery against payment

(vii) Names and addresses of additional SpareBank 1 SR-Bank, Bjergsted Terrasse 1, N-

Paying Agent(s) (if any):

4007 Stavanger, Norway.

DISTRIBUTION

Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility:

No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

U.S. Selling Restrictions:

TEFRA not applicable

