NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee A SA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 061103.1 -13,5 per cent Jasper Explorer PLC Senior Secured Bond Issue 2011/2016
Oslo, 4 August 2014
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Proposal for amendment of the Bond Agreement
Nordic Trustee ASA is appointed as Bond Trustee for the above mentioned bond ("Bond") issue by Jasper Explorer PLC ("Jasper" or the "Issuer"). Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 26 May 2011 (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. BACKGROUND
The Drillship (Jasper Explorer) completed its drilling contract with CNOOC in the Republic of Congo in end February 2014. The Drillship is currently laying idle in Pointe Noire, Republic of Congo and the Issuer and the group continues to actively seek out new contract opportunities for the Drillship.
Since the Drillship came off-hire end February 2014, the Issuer has not registered any revenue, which has materially impacted its cash flows. The Issuer used a major portion of its unrestricted cash to make the interest payment due on the Bond in May 2014.
Following the expiry of the employment contract for the Drillship, the Issuer has successfully implemented aggressive steps to reduce operational costs and other general and administrative expenses. These steps will enable the Issuer to conserve cash in the period until a new employment contract can be obtained for the Drillship.
However, in addition to these steps, there is a need for the Issuer to employ currently restricted cash held by it to cover ongoing operational costs, general and administrative expenses and defer the upcoming interest payment due on 27 November 2014 until the Jasper Explorer secures the next drilling contract. As such, the Issuer is seeking a waiver of the requirement in the Bond Agreement to retain a minimum of USD 10 million in Available Free Cash and a deferment of the interest payment due on 27 November 2014 with the other terms of the Bond Agreement remaining unchanged.
This is proposed as an interim solution in view of the Issuer's current financial situation. The Issuer expects that additional amendments may need to be made to the Bond Agreement in the future as part of broader restructuring discussions.

2/3
2. PROPOSAL
Based on the foregoing, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the following proposal (the "Proposal"):

(i) a waiver of the requirement under Clause 13.3 (d) (Minimum liquidity) of the Bond Agreement to retain a minimum of USD 10 million in Available Free Cash; and

(ii) an extension of the due date of the interest payment currently due on 27 November 2014 to 27 March 2015 such that such interest payment will fall due and payable on 27 March 2015.

The Company believes that the Proposal is the best interim solution for all stakeholders including the Bondholders in view of the Company's current financial situation.
3. NON-RELIANCE
The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

4. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

19 August 2014 at 1300 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon Vns gt 1,01061 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

"The Bondholder's Meeting approve the Proposal as described in section 2 o f the summons for the Bondholders 'Meeting.

Further, the Bond Trustee is given power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders ' Meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including making amendments to the Bond Agreement and enter into an addendum agreement to the Bond Agreement. "

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

3/3
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Nordic Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Nordic Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (mail@trustee.no) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA
Fredrik Lundberg
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

