oro negro

c

PRIVILEGED & CONFIDENTIAL August 28, 2015

To the Bondholders in ISIN NO 001 0724818 First Priority Oro Negro Impetus Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2015 (the "2015 Bonds") c/o Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
Dear Bondholders:
Reference is made to the bond agreement governing the 2015 Bonds (such bond agreement, as amended from time to time, the "2015 Bond Agreement"), dated December 4, 2014, by and between Oro Negro Impetus Pte. Ltd. (the " Issuer") and Nordic Trustee ASA (the ·`Bond Trustee") and guaranteed by Oro Negro Offshore Drilling Pte. Ltd. and Integradora de Servicios Petroleros Oro Negro, S.A.P.I. de C. V. (collectively with its subsidiaries, "we" or the "Company"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them in the 2015 Bond Agreement.
We have been having lengthy discussions with the advisors to an ad hoc group of holders of the 2015 Bonds (the "Ad Floe Group") for most of the last 2 months. As part of these discussions, we have provided significant access to the Company's books and records, including detailed financial information about the Company. As you know, on 13 August 2015 the Company originally summoned a meeting of the Bondholders to vote on certain amendments to the 2015 Bond Agreement. However, as a result of our ongoing discussions with the Ad Hoc Group, we have significantly reduced the number of the requests that were made in the 13 August summons. We have recently posted an amended and restated request describing the revised requests (the "Proposed Amendments"). All of the changes to the summons are favorable to the Bondholders. Among the changes:
· We have removed the request for access to funds in the Liquidity Account for the purpose of paying operational expenses and the fees and expenses of the advisors to the Ad Hoc Group and the Bond Trustee. As a result, the Company will continue to pay the operating expenses for the Impetus during the extension period.
· We have now agreed to limit payments from the Company to the extent such funds will not be used to pay the ordinary course operational expenses of the Company.·
· We have agreed to, among other things, limit the Company's ability to give security interests or guarantees in favor of the holders of the 2019 bonds during the effectiveness of the

Proposed Amendments and to deliver additional security documents with respect to the Share Charge and Parent Share Charge that have been requested by the Ad Hoc Group.
· Finally, we have reduced the waiver period from 60 days to approximately 30 days. The Company continues to be in discussions with Pemex Exploracion y Produccion ("Pemex"') about the possibility of procuring a Drilling Contract on the Impetus rig (the "Rig"*). The Company and Pemex have signed a letter under which Pemex has agreed to use its best efforts to satisfy the conditions and approvals necessary for a contract for the Rig to be granted to the Company no later than November 30, 2015. However, in our negotiations with Pemex regarding a new contract for the Rig. Pemex has repeatedly indicated that it does not intend to provide a new contract if the Bondholders are not supportive of the efforts of the Issuer to create a sustainable capital structure. We have made this position clear to the advisors to the Ad Hoc Group and the Bond Trustee on several occasions. Accordingly, Bondholders should be aware that failure to approve the very limited Proposed Amendments and thereby allowing a Default to occur would likely have a negative impact on the Company's ability to obtain a contract for the Rig from Pemex. We believe the additional concessions represent a fair and reasonable deal under the challenging conditions the Company faces and request that the Bondholders approve the new amendment.
2

