FINAL TERMS DATED 17 February 2010 Series No. 040-1
DANSKE BANK A/S EUR 25,000,000,000 Global Covered Bond Programme
Issue of NOK 500,000,000 4.98 percent. Covered Bonds due 2020

Tranche No. 1

The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Covered Bonds in any Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus Directive (2003/71/EC) (each, a "Relevant Member State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Directive, as implemented in that Relevant Member State, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Covered Bonds. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant Member State of the Covered Bonds may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 16 of the Prospectus Directive, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Covered Bonds in any other circumstances.

PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS

Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 11 November 2009 and the Prospectus Supplement No. 1 dated 9 February 2010 which together constitute a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (Directive 2003/71/EC) (the "Prospectus Directive"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at and copies may be obtained from the Specified Offices of the Paying Agents.

1. Issuer:

Danske Bank A/S

2. (0

Series Number:

040-1

00 Relevant Issuer Cover Pool: (iii) Tranche Number:

Category I (International Residential Real Estate) 1

3. Specified Currency or Currencies:

Norwegian Kroner ("NOK")

1

4. Aggregate Nominal Amount: 5. Issue Price:
6. (i) Specified Denomination(s): Oi) Calculation Amount:

NOK 500,000,000
100.00 per cent, of the Aggregate Nominal Amount NOK 500,000 NOK 500,000

7. (i) Issue Date: 00 Interest Commencement Date:

19 February 2010 19 February 2010

8. to Maturity Date: (ii) Extended Maturity Date:
9. Interest Basis:

19 February 2020 Applicable The Extended Maturity' Date is the Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to February
2021.
4.98 per cent, per annum Fixed Rate for the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. In the event that the Issuer does not redeem the Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date, the Covered Bonds will bear interest at the rate of 1-month N1BOR + 1.00 per cent. Floating Rate from (and including) the Maturity Date and thereafter. (further particulars specified below)

10. Redemption/Payment Basis:

Redemption at par

11. Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment See item 9 above Basis:

12. Put/Call Options:

Not Applicable

13. Method of distribution:

Non-syndicated

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 14. Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions Applicable (until the Maturity Date)

(i) Rate of Interest:

4.98 per cent, per annum payable annually in arrear

i

(ii) Interest Payment Dates:
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): (iv) Broken Amount(s):

19 February in each year commencing on 19 February 2011 to (and including) the Maturity Date NOK 24,900 per Covered Bond of NOK 500,000 Specified Denomination Not Applicable

(v) Day Count Fraction:

30/360

(vi) Other terms relating to the method Not Applicable of calculating interest for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds:

Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions (i) Specified Period:

Applicable if the Issuer does not redeem the Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date Not Applicable

(ii) Interest Payment Dates:
(iii) Business Day Convention: (iv) Applicable Business Centre(s):

In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity Date up to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date, Interest Payment Dates will be the 19th of each month, commencing on 19 March 2020 and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full; and (ii) the Extended Maturity Date. Modified Following Business Day Convention, adjusted Oslo and Stockholm

(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Screen Rate Determination Interest is/are to be determined:

(vi) Party responsible for calculating the Danske Bank A/'S Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s):

(vii) Screen Rate Determination:

Applicable

- Reference Rate:

1-month N1BOR

- Interest Determination Date(s): - Relevant Screen Page:

The second Business Day in Oslo prior to the start of each Interest Period. Reuters Page NIBR or such other page as may replace such page on Reuters.

- Relevant Time: - Relevant Financial Centre: - Reference Banks (viii) 1SDA Determination:

12:00 noon (Oslo time) Oslo As selected by the Calculation Agent Not Applicable

(ix) Margin(s):

+1.00 per cent, per annum

(x) Minimum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest:

Not Applicable

(xii) Day Count Fraction:

Actual/360

(xiii) Fall back provisions, rounding Not Applicable provisions, denominator and any other terms relating to the method of calculating interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds, if different from those set out in the Conditions:

16. Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions Not Applicable

17. Index-Linked Interest Covered Bond Not Applicable /other variable-linked interest Covered Bond Provisions
18, Dual Currency Covered Bond Provisions Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 19. Call Option
20. Put Option

Not Applicable Not Applicable

21 Final Redemption Amount

Outstanding Principal Amount per Calculation Amount

In cases where the Final Redemption Amount Not Applicable is Index-Linked or other variable-linked:

I

22. Early Redemption Amount (Tax) or Early Termination Amount Early Redemption Amount (Tax) or Early As set out in the Conditions Termination Amount or other early redemption and/or the method of calculating the same (if required or if different from that set out in the Conditions):

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS

23. Form of Covered Bonds:

VPS Systems Covered Bonds issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. See further item 6 of Part B below

24. If issued as Registered Covered Not Applicable Bond/Oerman Registered Covered Bonds, Registrar:

25. New Global Covered Bond Form:

Not Applicable

26. Applicable Financial Centre(s) or other Oslo and Stockholm special provisions relating to Payment Business Day

27. Talons for future Coupons to be attached to No Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on which such Talons mature):

28. Other final terms:

Not Applicable

DISTRIBUTION 29. (i)
(ii) (iii)

If syndicated, names and addresses Not Applicable of Managers and underwriting commitments: Date of Subscription Agreement: Not Applicable Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): Not Applicable

30. If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer:
31. Total commission and concession: 32. Additional selling restrictions:

Danske Bank A/S (Fokus Markets) 2-12 Holmens Kanal DK-1092 Copenhagen K
0.325 per cent, of the Aggregate Nominal Amount Not Applicable

s

33. Non-exempt Offer:

Not Applicable

LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of
Covered Bonds described herein pursuant to the Danske Bank A/S EUR 25,000,000,000 Global Covered Bond Programme. RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

Cl I

,rl

l \ a U r t l f a T t U A 1/..-.I1 AVI

CC: Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as Fiscal Agent and Principal Registrar

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

1. Listing and Admission to Trading

(i) Listing:

The regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange within the meaning of the Prospectus Directive.

(ii) Admission to trading:
2. Ratings Ratings:

Application has been made for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange with effect from 19 February
2010.
If rated, the Covered Bonds to be issued are expected to be rated: S & P: AAA

3. Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue Save as discussed in the "Subscription and Sale" section of the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.

4. Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only - Yield Indication of yield:

4.98 per cent, per annum, calculated as 30/360 on the Issue Date. As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.

5. Floating Rate Covered Bonds only - Historic Interest Rates Details of historic NIBOR rates can be obtained from Bloomberg.

6 Operational Information: ISIN Code/CUSIP:
Common Code:

N00010565096 Not Applicable

New Global Covered Bond intended to be held in a Not Applicable manner which wrould allow Eurosystem eligibility:

7

Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank VPS, Norway. SA/NV, Clearstream Banking, Societe Anonyme or VPS identification number: N00010565096. DTC and the relevant identification numbers): The Issuer shall be entitled t0 obtain certain
information from the register maintained by VPS for the purpose of performing its obligations under the issue of VP Systems Covered Bonds.

Settlement Procedures:

Customary covered bond settlement and payment procedures apply

Delivery:

Delivery against payment

Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if any):

Not Applicable

r
y

8

