EXECUTION VERSION
ISIN NO 001 0720766
AMENDMENT AGREEMENT
to the Bond Agreement
between BORGESTAD ASA
(Issuer) and
NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders
in the bond issue FRN Borgestad ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2017
Page 1 of 6

EXECUTION VERSION

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") to the bond agreement originally dated 1 October 2014, among the Parties listed below, (the "Bond Agreement") is made on 13 December 2016 by and between:
(1) BORGESTAD ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 920 639 674, as issuer (the "Issuer"); and
(2) NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624, as bond trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bond Trustee").
(the parties referred to above are jointly referred to herein as the "Parties").

1

BACKGROUND

(A) Pursuant to the Bond Agreement, the Bondholders have made available to the Issuer a bond loan in the aggregate maximum amount of NOK 300,000,000, subject to the terms and conditions of the Bond Agreement.

(B) On 25 November 2016 the Issuer summoned a bondholders' meeting (the "Bondholders' Meeting") and put forward to the Bondholders a proposal (the "Proposal") to make certain amendments to the Bond Agreement, including, inter alia, extension of the Maturity Date of the Bonds with one year, from 3 October 2017 to 3 October 2018 and a corresponding extension of the first day on which the Issuer may exercise the Call Option. The Proposal was approved by the Bondholders' Meeting held on 12 December 2016.

(C) This Agreement sets out the amendments to the Bond Agreement approved by the Bondholders at the Bondholders' Meeting.

2

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

a)

In this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Effective Date" means the date on which the Bond Trustee notifies the Issuer that it has received all of the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions precedent documents) hereto in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

b)

Words and expressions used herein shall have the same meaning when used herein as set

out in the Bond Agreement unless expressly set out herein or the context otherwise

requires.

3

AMENDMENTS TO THE BOND AGREEMENT

Subject to the delivery to the Bond Trustee of the conditions precedent documents set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions precedent documents) hereto, the Bond Agreement will be amended on and from the Effective Date as follows:

a)

In Clause 1.1 of the Bond Agreement the definition of "Maturity Date" shall be deleted in

its entirety and replaced with:

""Maturity Date" means 3 October 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention."

Page 2 of 6

EXECUTION VERSION

b)

Paragraph a) of Clause 10.2 of the Bond Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and

replaced with:

"The Issuer may redeem all of the Outstanding Bonds In full (Call Option) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in April 2018 to, but not including, the Maturity Date, at a price equal to 101% o f par, plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount"

4

NO OTHER AMENDMENTS

Except as expressly modified or waived by Clause 3 of this Agreement, all terms and provisions of the BondAgreement shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by the Parties as if herein set forth in their entirety. All references in the Bond Agreement to "this Bond Agreement", "hereof1, "hereby", "hereto", and the like shall, from the Effective Date, mean the Bond Agreement as hereby amended.

5

REPRESENTATIONS

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that on the date of this Agreement and on the Effective Date:

a)

Powers and authority: it has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has

taken all necessary action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of this

Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby;

b)

Consents: all authorisations, approvals, consents, licences, exemptions, filings,

registrations and other matters required by law for or in consequence of the entry into

and performance by it of, and/or the validity of, this Agreement or the transactions to be

implemented pursuant hereto have been obtained or effected or will be obtained or

effected prior to the date required by law;

c)

Legal validity: this Agreement constitutes its legal, valid, binding and enforceable

obligations in accordance with its terms; and

d)

Non-conflict: the entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transactions

contemplated hereby do not and will not conflict with:

(i)

any applicable law or regulation or any applicable official or judicial order in any

respect;

(ii)

its constitutional documents or any of its resolutions (having current effect) or the

constitutional document or any other resolution of any of its Subsidiaries; or

(iii) any agreement or instrument to which it or any of Its Subsidiaries is a party or which is binding upon any of them or on any of their assets.

6

AFFIRMATION OF SECURITY

The Issuer confirms that, notwithstanding the amendments effected by this Agreement a) each Security Document to which it is a party shall continue in full force and effect and shall extend to the liabilities and the obligations of the Issuer under the Bond Agreement as amended by this Agreement and the other Finance Documents and (b) any reference in any Finance Document to

Page 3 of 6

EXECUTION VERSION

the Bond Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Bond Agreement as amended by this Agreement.

7

COSTS AND EXPENSES

The Issuer agrees to reimburse the Bond Trustee for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with the drafting, negotiation and execution of this Agreement.

8

MISCELLANEOUS

a)

This Agreement is a Finance Document.

b)

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same

effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Agreement.

c)

The provisions of Clause 18.7 (Dispute Resolution and Legal Venue) of the Bond Agreement

shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Agreement.

** *

Page 4 of 6

EXECUTION VERSION
This Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.
SIGNATORIES

BORGESTAD ASA

NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA Bond Trustee

Name
Title::vOilaa\v Slagsvold

Page 5 of 6
VC

EXECUTION VERSION
SCHEDULE 1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT DOCUMENTS 1. Confirmation from the Bond Trustee to the Issuer of due approval of the Proposal by the necessary 2/3 (two-thirds) majority of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting; 2. This Agreement duly executed by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee; 3. The receipt by all Bondholders of a one-time consent and administration fee for approving the Proposal, equal to 0.50% of the Face Value of the respective Bondholder's holdings of Bonds, such fee to be payable to the Bondholders (with record date at the end of business on the date of the Bondholders' Meeting) within 10 Business Days after the Bondholders' Meeting; and 4. All necessary corporate resolutions of all the parties (except the Bond Trustee) to this Agreement having been duly made and delivered to the Bond Trustee.
Page 6 of 6

