Term Sheet

ISIN: NO0010805872 Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2017/2022 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue")
Settlement Date: 22 September 2017

Issuer:
Parent Guarantors: Obligors: Group: Issuer Group: Vessel Owning Companies:
Currency: Initial Issue Amount: Maximum Issue Amount:

MPC Container Ships Invest B.V., under incorporation in the Netherlands, being the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent and (save for the Ahrenkiel Ownership Interest (as defined below)) the 100% direct owner of the each of the Vessel Owning Companies.

MPC Container Ships AS, incorporated and registered in Norway with registration number 918 494 316.

Parent and each of the Vessel Owning Companies.

The Issuer and the Guarantors and any other company granting Security for the Bonds.

The Parent with all its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").

The Issuer with all its Subsidiaries from time to time (each an "Issuer Group Company").

Means:

(i)

the Issuer Group Companies set out in Schedule 1 part A and

Schedule 1 part B hereto, which will be the 100% direct owners of

the Initial Vessels;

(ii) any Issuer Group Company being or becoming the owner of an Additional Vessel,

(each a "Vessel Owning Company"), provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that any such Vessel Owning Company disposed of through a Permitted Disposal shall be excluded from the date of closing of any such Permitted Disposal.

USD

USD 100,000,000

USD 200,000,000

1 (22)

Tap Issue:
Coupon Rate: Issue Price for the Initial Issue Amount: Settlement Date: Maturity Date: First Interest Payment Day: Last Interest Payment Day: Interest Payments:
Amortization: Nominal Amount: Minimum Subscription: Status of the Bonds:
Use of Proceeds:

The Issuer may, provided that the Tap Issue Test is met, on one or more occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds have been redeemed in full (a "Tap Issue Date") issue additional Bonds under the Bond Issue (each such issue, a "Tap Issue"), until the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds outstanding equals the Maximum Issue Amount (less the aggregate nominal amount of any previously redeemed Bonds). The additional Bonds issued in a Tap Issue shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Finance Documents.
3 month LIBOR + 4.75% per annum. If LIBOR is less than zero, LIBOR shall be deemed to be zero.
98.75% of par value.
22 September 2017. Confirmation of Settlement Date to be given to subscribers minimum two business days prior to the Settlement Date.
22 September 2022 (5 years after Settlement Date).
22 December 2017 (3 months after Settlement Date).
Maturity Date.
Interest on the Bonds will commence to accrue on the Settlement Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the relevant interest payment day in March, June, September and December (each an "Interest Payment Date") each year and on the final Maturity Date, or if the interest payment day does not fall on a Norwegian banking day on the first subsequent business day. Day-count fraction for the coupon is actual/360, business day convention is "modified following" and business day as determined in "Oslo", "London" and "New York".
The Bonds shall be repaid in full on the Maturity Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
The Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 1.00 each.
Minimum subscription and allotment is USD 200,000 and higher amounts may be subscribed for in integral multiples of USD 100,000 in excess thereof.
The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer and shall be secured on a first-priority basis by the Security. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application, including maritime liens) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
The Initial Issue Amount (net of fees and legal cost of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other cost and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) shall, subject to satisfaction of the relevant conditions precedent stipulated below, be applied by way of release and disbursement by the Bond Trustee of proceeds from the Bonds standing to the credit of the Escrow Account solely towards financing (in whole or in part) of:

2 (22)

(i)

general corporate purposes of the Issuer Group in an amount up to

USD 20 million; and

(ii) Additional Vessel Acquisitions by any Issuer Group Companies towards payment of (i) an amount up to the Transaction Value of any relevant Additional Vessel Acquisition, together with (ii) an amount of up to USD 1 million to cover the working capital requirements pertaining to such Additional Vessel, and (iii) any CAPEX requirements according to a detailed CAPEX budget provided by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee pertaining to such Additional Vessel in respect of any initial investments, any upgrade and/or any drydocking, in each case to be completed within 12 months,

Always subject as aforesaid, the net proceeds from any Tap Issue shall exclusively be applied towards financing (in whole or in part) of Additional Vessel Acquisitions by any Issuer Group Companies (except as permitted in the final paragraph of "Escrow Account" below).

Vessels:

Means the Initial Vessels and any Additional Vessels (each a "Vessel") (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that any Vessel divested through a Permitted Disposal shall be excluded).

Initial Vessels:

Means (i) the container vessels owned by the Issuer Group Companies as set out in Schedule 1 part A, and (ii) the container vessels acquired by, but to be delivered to Issuer Group Companies within 60 days after the Settlement Date, as set out in Schedule 1 part B.

Additional Vessels:

Means any container vessel(s) (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the vessels set out in Schedule 1 part B) which may be acquired by the Issuer Group, provided that such vessels:

(i)

will be 100% (save for any Ahrenkiel Ownership Interest) owned

by an Issuer Group Company following such acquisition; and

(ii) have a TEU capacity above 950.

Additional Vessel Acquisitions:

Means the acquisition(s) by an Issuer Group Company of Additional Vessel(s), including Vessel(s) initially acquired by a Group Company outside of the Issuer Group, provided that such Vessel or Vessel Owning Company is transferred to the relevant Issuer Group Company within 60 calendar days after the relevant Group Company's initial purchase and on terms and conditions, hereunder the Transaction Value, no less attractive than the initial purchase as described and confirmed by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee.

Issuer's Call Options (American):

The Issuer may redeem Bonds (in whole or in part) with settlement from and including:

(i)

the Settlement Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a

price equal to the Make Whole Amount;

(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 36 months after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 103.25% of the Nominal Amount;

(iii) the Interest Payment Date falling 36 months after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 42 months after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 102.5% of the Nominal Amount;

(iv) the Interest Payment Date falling 42 months after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 48

3 (22)

First Call Date: Make Whole Amount:
Escrow Account:

months after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 101.75% of the Nominal Amount;
(v) the Interest Payment Date falling 48 months after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 54 months after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 101.0% of the Nominal Amount; and
(vi) the Interest Payment Date falling 54 months after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.25% of the Nominal Amount.
In addition, the Issuer shall pay accrued and unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds. Written notice must be given at least ten (10) business days prior to the proposed repayment date for the call (the "Call Option Repayment Date").

Means the Interest Payment Date in March 2020 (2.5 years after the Settlement Date).

Means an amount equal to the sum of:

(i)

the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of 103.25%

of the Nominal Amount as if such payment had taken place on the

First Call Date; and

(ii) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of the remaining interest payments (less any accrued and unpaid interest as of the Call Option Repayment Date) to and including the First Call Date,

where the present value shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points above the comparable government bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining Macaulay duration of the Bonds from the Call Option Repayment Date until the First Call Date using linear interpolation).

The Issuer shall prior to the issuance of the Bonds establish an escrow account (the "Escrow Account") and the net proceeds from the Initial Issue Amount (or as the case may be, the net proceeds from a Tap Issue) shall be transferred to the Escrow Account in connection with the issuance of the Bonds. The Escrow Account shall be pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee so that (except as stated in the final paragraph of "Escrow Account" below) release of funds can take place only as contemplated in "Use of Proceeds" and provided that the relevant Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent have been fulfilled or waived by the Bond Trustee. The account bank shall have waived any set-off right in respect of monies standing to the credit of the Escrow Account.
Subject as aforesaid, the net proceeds may be transferred from the Escrow Account as one or several partial disbursements (but USD 20 million for general corporate purposes of the Issuer shall be released in one disbursement) and any proceeds to be employed towards Additional Vessel Acquisitions shall remain on the Escrow Account until the settlement of the respective acquisitions in accordance with the Use of Proceeds.
If, at any time, the amount standing to the credit of the Escrow Account is less than USD 2 million and such amount has been standing to the credit of the Escrow Account for more than 3 months, such amount may freely be released to the Issuer and applied for general corporate purposes of the Issuer Group.

4 (22)

Security: Conditions Precedent:

All amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents, including but not limited to principal, premium, interest, default interest, fees and expenses, shall (subject to any mandatory limitations under applicable law) at all times be secured by the following:

Pre-Settlement Security:

(i)

a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account (the "Escrow

Account Pledge");

Pre-Disbursement Security:

(ii) first priority pledges over all the shares in and/or monetary claims (including any Ahrenkiel Ownership Interest) in respect of each of the relevant Vessel Owning Companies and their general partners (if relevant);

(iii) first priority assignment over all Group Loans granted to Obligors;

(iv) first priority ship mortgage over each of the relevant Vessels including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Vessel under applicable law (including, if applicable, a deed of covenants supplemental to the Mortgage and to the security thereby created between the relevant Issuer Group Company and the Bond Trustee)

(v) first priority assignments of all relevant insurance policies related to the relevant Vessels and the equipment related thereto;

(vi) first priority charges over all bank accounts held by the Issuer Group Companies, pledged on first priority but not blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee;

(vii) joint and several guarantees (Norwegian: "selvskyldnerkausjon") or similar under applicable law from each of the Guarantors, which shall constitute senior obligations of the Guarantors; and

(viii) if relevant, security as mentioned above in respect of any vessels other than the Vessels owned by a Issuer Group Company (provided that such Vessel is to be applied as a Cure Vessel).

The documents and agreements relating to the Security listed in items (i) through (viii) above shall collectively be referred to as the "Security Documents", and shall be made in favor of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established no later than two (2) days before the Settlement Date (or as the case may be, the Tap Issue Date). The relevant Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to (or as the case may be, in connection with) the release of funds from the Initial Issue Amount (or as the case may be, the Tap Issue) from the Escrow Account.

The Bond Trustee shall (in its capacity as security agent) in the case of a Permitted Disposal, immediately release any Security related to the Vessel (and/or Vessel Owning Company) divested through such Permitted Disposal.

Pre-Settlement:

Payment of the net proceeds from the Initial Issue Amount into the Escrow Account shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received two (2) business days prior to the Settlement Date each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i)

The Bond Terms duly executed by all parties thereto;

(ii) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed by all parties thereto and perfected in accordance with applicable law;

(iii) copies of all corporate resolutions of the Issuer required for the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than in respect of Finance Documents to

5 (22)

be delivered as Pre- Disbursement conditions precedent);
(iv) a copy of a power of attorney (unless included in the relevant corporate resolutions) from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than in respect of Finance Documents to be delivered as Pre-Disbursement conditions precedent);
(v) copies of the Issuer's certificate of incorporation and articles of association evidencing that the Issuer is validly existing;
(vi) confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the VPS;
(vii) confirmation that the applicable exemption from the prospectus requirements (ref the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC)) and Chapter 7 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act concerning the issuance of the Bonds has been fulfilled;
(viii) the Bond Trustee Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(ix) copies of any written documentation used in marketing the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the issuance of the Bonds;
(x) legal opinions as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Issuer and the legality, validity and enforceability of the Bond Terms and the Finance Documents (to be delivered as Pre-Settlement conditions precedent); and
(xi) confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from the issuance of the Bonds.

Tap Issue Pre-Settlement:

In connection with a Tap Issue, payment of the net proceeds from the Tap Issue into the Escrow Account shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received two (2) days prior to the Tap Issue Date each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i)

an amendment agreement to the Bond Terms duly executed by all

parties thereto;

(ii) re-delivery of the "Conditions Precedent Pre-Settlement" subsection (ii), (iii), (iv), (vi), (vii), (ix), (x) and (xi) as set out above; and

(iii) in the event the Tap Issue is conducted in compliance with:

a. the Tap Issue Test A, satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer has met the requirements of the Tap Issue Test A; or

b. the Tap Issue Test B, satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer Group has been provided such minimum equity contribution required to meet the Tap Issue Test B.

Pre-Disbursement
Initial drawdown of USD 20 million:
The first USD 20 million of net proceeds from the Initial Issue Amount will not be released (in full or in part) from the Escrow Account and disbursed to the Issuer unless at such time the Bond Trustee (a) shall have received satisfactory evidence that Initial Vessels with an aggregate Market Value of at least USD 50 million have been taken over and paid for in full, and (b) shall (subject to customary closing conditions) have received prior to such disbursement to the Issuer each of the

6 (22)

following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i)

copies of the Parent's and the Issuer's latest Financial Reports (in

respect of the financial year 2017 being the opening balance of the

Issuer);

(ii) the Security Documents related to Initial Vessels with an aggregate Market Value of at least USD 50 million (together, if relevant, with any vessels mentioned in item (viii) in PreDisbursement Security) duly executed by all parties thereto and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Security to be done as soon as possible after release of funds from the Escrow Account (if required in accordance with a closing procedure, including a description of flow of funds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee) ;

(iii) unless delivered as Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent:

a. copies of all corporate resolutions of each Obligor required for the relevant Obligor to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

b. a copy of a power of attorney (unless included in the relevant corporate resolutions) from each Obligor to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

c. copies of the Obligors' certificate of incorporation, articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant company registers in respect of the Obligors evidencing that the Obligors are validly existing;

(iv) documentation of insurance policies relating to the Initial Vessels (together, if relevant, with any vessels mentioned in item (viii) in Pre-Disbursement Security) evidencing that the Issuer is in compliance with the Vessel Undertaking related to insurance;

(v) copies of relevant Management Agreement(s), together with relevant subordination undertakings from the manager(s) (if applicable);

(vi) confirmation from the Issuer that no indebtedness, security or guarantees (that will not constitute Permitted Financial Indebtedness) exist (or as the case may be, will cease to exist in connection with disbursement);

(vii) confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from the release of funds from the Escrow Account;

(viii) any other Finance Documents duly executed by all parties thereto; and

(ix) legal opinions as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Obligors and the legality, validity and enforceability of Finance Documents (unless delivered as Pre- Settlement conditions precedent).

Subsequent drawdowns for Additional Vessel Acquisitions:
Any subsequent release of net proceeds from the Initial Issue Amount will not be released (in full or in part) from the Escrow Account and disbursed to the Issuer unless at such time the Bond Trustee shall (subject to customary closing conditions) have received or is satisfied that it will receive in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to such disbursement to the Issuer each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

7 (22)

(i)

copies of the Parent's and the Issuer's latest Financial Reports (in

respect of the financial year 2017 being the opening balance of the

Issuer);

(ii) documentation by way of Market Value reports not being older than 90 days (other than in respect of the relevant Additional Vessel being acquired) that the post drawdown Vessel LTV Ratio will be less than 50%;

(iii) Security Documents related to the relevant Additional Vessels (together, if relevant, with any vessels mentioned in item (viii) in Pre-Disbursement Security) duly executed by all parties thereto and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Security to be done as soon as possible after release of funds from the Escrow Account (if required in accordance with a closing procedure, including a description of flow of funds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee);

(iv) Relevant documentation in respect of the relevant Additional Vessel Acquisition as contemplated in "Information Undertakings", final paragraph below;

(v) unless delivered as Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent:

a. copies of all corporate resolutions of each Obligor required for the relevant Obligor to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

b. a copy of a power of attorney (unless included in the relevant corporate resolutions) from each Obligor to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

c. copies of the Obligors' certificate of incorporation, articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant company registers in respect of the Obligors evidencing that the Obligors are validly existing;

(vi) documentation of insurance policies relating to the Initial Vessels (together, if relevant, with any vessels mentioned in item (viii) in Pre-Disbursement Security) evidencing that the Issuer is in compliance with the Vessel Undertaking related to insurance;

(vii) copies of relevant Management Agreement(s) together with relevant subordination undertakings from the manager(s) (if applicable);

(viii) confirmation from the Issuer that no indebtedness, security or guarantees (that will not constitute Permitted Financial Indebtedness) exist (or as the case may be, will cease to exist in connection with disbursement);

(ix) confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from the release of funds from the Escrow Account;

(x) any other Finance Documents duly executed by all parties thereto; and

(xi) legal opinions as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Obligors and the legality, validity and enforceability of Finance Documents (unless delivered as Pre- Settlement conditions precedent).

Tap Issue Pre-Disbursement:
In connection with a Tap Issue, the net proceeds from the Tap Issue will not be released (in full or in part) from the Escrow Account and disbursed to the Issuer

8 (22)

unless the Bond Trustee (subject to customary closing conditions) shall have received prior to such disbursement to the Issuer each of the corresponding relevant documents mentioned in "Pre-Disbursement" immediately above together with any relevant Security Documents and the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i)

any other transaction specific conditions precedent as may be

required under a Tap Issue; and

(ii) in case the Tap Issue is conducted in compliance with Tap Issue Test B, funds shall be released from the Escrow Account according to the debt to equity ratio as set out under Tap Issue Test B.

Representations and warranties:

The Bond Terms shall include relevant representations and warranties by the Issuer (as customary in the Norwegian high-yield bond market (extended version)).

Financial Covenants:

(i)

Vessel LTV Ratio: The Issuer shall at all times ensure that the

Vessel LTV Ratio does not exceed 75.0%;

(ii) Minimum Liquidity: The Issuer shall at all times maintains a Liquidity no less than the USD equivalent of 5.0% of the Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer Group; and

(iii) Minimum Equity Ratio: The Parent undertakes to ensure that the Group at all times maintains an Equity Ratio higher than 40.0%.

The Issuer shall comply (or procure the compliance) with the Financial Covenants at all times, and:

(i)

the Minimum Liquidity and Minimum Equity Ratio shall be

reported by the Issuer and the Parent (as relevant) on each Quarter

Date in a compliance certificate to be delivered to the Bond Trustee

in connection with each quarterly financial statement on the

respective Reporting Dates; and

(ii) the Vessel LTV Ratio shall be reported by the Issuer semi-annually on each date falling 31 December and 30 June each year and as may be required to conduct a Tap Issue Test (each a "Calculation Date"), and certified by the Issuer in a compliance certificate to be delivered to the Bond Trustee no later than 30 days after the relevant Calculation Date.

Vessel LTV Ratio Covenant Cure:

If the Issuer fails (or would otherwise fail) to comply with the Vessel LTV Ratio at any time and the Issuer prior to the relevant Reporting Date has provided either (i) a Cure Vessel and security in respect of such Cure Vessel along the principles applicable to the Vessels (re. "Security" above), or (ii) cash collateral deposited on a bank account pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) bridging the value shortfall, then (a) if a Cure Vessel is provided, the Vessel LTV Ratio shall be recalculated on the basis that the Market Value of such Cure Vessel shall be deemed to increase the total aggregate Market Value of the Vessels for the relevant period to which the (expected) breach relates, and (b) if cash collateral is provided and for as long as such cash collateral remains in place, the Outstanding Bond Amount shall, for the purpose of the Vessel LTV Ratio only, be deemed to be reduced by the amount of the cash collateral so provided.
If, after the Vessel LTV Ratio is recalculated as set out above, the breach has been prevented or cured, the Vessel LTV Ratio shall be deemed to have been satisfied on the date of the relevant Reporting Date.
If a Cure Vessel or cash collateral has been provided in accordance with this Vessel LTV Ratio Covenant Cure, the security arrangement or relevant cash

9 (22)

Tap Issue Test: Parent Undertakings:

deposit amount shall be released by the Bond Trustee at the request of the Issuer, if on the next relevant Reporting Date pertaining to the ensuing semi-annual Vessel LTV Ratio measurement the Vessel LTV Ratio will be fully satisfied following any such release.

The Tap Issue Test is met if no Event of Default is outstanding and the Issuer meets the requirements of either Tap Issue Test A or Tap Issue Test B.

(i)

Tap Issue Test A: The Vessel LTV Ratio is below 50%.

(ii) Tap Issue Test B: The Parent, in connection with the Tap Issue, provides the Issuer Group with cash equity funding in an amount of no less than 1.5 times the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds to be issued through such Tap Issue in connection with Additional Vessel Acquisitions.

The calculation of the Vessel LTV Ratio in accordance with the Tap Issue Test A above shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no earlier than 10 business days prior to the relevant Tap Issue Date, according to the following principles:

(i)

the aggregated Market Value of the Vessels employed in the

calculation shall be based on valuations dated no earlier than 15

business days prior to the relevant Tap Issue Date;

(ii) the net proceeds to be deposited into the Escrow Account from such relevant Tap Issue shall be included; and

the Outstanding Bond Amount shall take into account the increased debt resulting from the relevant Tap Issue.

The Parent undertakes (in the guarantee to be provided by it) to at all times (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the following undertakings:
a. Pari passu ranking: The Parent shall ensure that the Obligors' obligations under the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with any other obligations of the Obligors (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application, including maritime liens) as set out under Status of the Bonds.
b. Maintenance of Security Documents: The Parent shall, and shall procure that each other Obligor will ensure that:
i. each Security Document remains duly created, enforceable and perfected first priority, at the expense of the Issuer or the relevant security provider (as the case may be); and
ii. following an Additional Vessel Acquisition, the relevant Security (as set out under Pre- Disbursement Security) shall be established and perfected as soon as practically possible, but in no event later than 10 business days after transfer of ownership of such Additional Vessel(s) to the relevant Issuer Group Company and that such Security is properly maintained thereafter.
c. Compliance with laws: The Parent shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations to which it may be subject from time to time, if failure so to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect.
d. Corporate status: The Parent shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation other than a possible change of its legal form from "AS" (private limited liability company) into an "ASA" (public limited liability company) (which decision shall be in the sole discretion of the Group and its shareholders).

10 (22)

Issuer Undertakings:

e. Continuation of business: The Parent shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature of the business from that carried on by the Group at the Settlement Date and that sole business activity will relate to the container shipping industry.
f. Listing: The Parent shall procure that the Issuer shall apply for the Bonds to be admitted to listing on Oslo Børs within 6 months of the Settlement Date. If the Bonds have not been listed on Oslo Børs or another reputable and regulated market place within 12 months following the Settlement Date, the Coupon Rate of the Bonds shall increase by 50 bps.
g. Mergers and de-mergers: The Parent shall not, and shall that no other Group Company will, enter into any de-merger, merger or other corporate restructuring (except for any intra- Group reorganisation which would not have a Material Adverse Effect).
h. Disposals: The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, sell transfer or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, unless (i) the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions and such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that transaction constitutes a Permitted Disposal.
i. Arm's length transactions: The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
j. Issuer ownership: The Parent shall maintain direct ownership of 100% of the shares (capital and voting rights) of the Issuer.
k. Financial indebtedness restriction: The Parent shall not incur, create, permit to subsist or provide guarantee for any unsecured debt under any bond or debt capital markets transaction, unless such indebtedness is nonamortising and with a stated maturity after the Maturity Date.
l. Financial covenants compliance: The Parent shall ensure compliance with the Financial Covenants set out above.
m. Information undertakings: The Parent shall comply with the Information Undertakings pertaining to it as set out below.
The Issuer undertakes to at all times (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Issuer Group Companies will) comply with the following undertakings:
a. Distributions: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company will, make any Distribution other than a Permitted Distribution.
b. Investments: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company will, acquire any company, shares, securities, business or undertaking (or any interest in any of them) or make any other investments or capital expenditures, other than solely related to the direct or indirect ownership in and operation, maintenance, and improvement of the Vessels.
c. Single Purpose Company: The Issuer shall remain a single purpose company, conducting no other business than such activities naturally related to its ownership of the Vessel Owning Companies. The Vessel Owning Companies shall remain single purpose companies, conducting no other business than such activities naturally related to its ownership of the relevant Vessels, except for any such cease or change resulting from Permitted Disposals or Additional Vessel Acquisitions.
d. Ownership: The Issuer shall (save for any Ahrenkiel Ownership Interest) remain the sole owner (directly and indirectly) of the Vessel Owning Companies and ensure that the Vessel Owning Companies shall continue to
11 (22)

Vessel Undertakings:

directly hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in the respective Vessels, except for any such cease or change resulting from Permitted Disposals.
e. Continuation of business: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company will, cease to carry on its business or change the general nature of its business from that carried on by the Group at the Settlement Date, except for any such cease or change resulting from Permitted Disposals or Additional Vessel Acquisitions.
f. Mergers and de-mergers: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company will, enter into any de-merger, merger or other corporate restructuring (except for any intra-Group reorganisation which would not have a Material Adverse Effect).
g. Disposals: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company will, sell or dispose of any shares of any Vessel Owning Companies, the Vessels, assets that are pledged as Security for the Bond Issue, except for any disposals carried out as a Permitted Disposal.
h. Financial indebtedness restriction: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
i. Negative pledge: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance over any of its present or future respective assets (including shares in Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the encumbrances granted to secure any of the following:
(i) the Permitted Financial Indebtedness; and
(ii) any lien arising by operation of law.
j. Financial support restriction: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company shall, grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of security) to or for the benefit of any third party or other Group Company, other than any Financial Support:
(i) granted under the Finance Documents; and
(ii) provided as a Group Loan between the Obligors.
The Issuer (and/or each Group Company where applicable) shall procure that:
a. the Vessels are operated by the Vessel Managers in all material respects in accordance with laws and regulations (and in compliance with all Norwegian, UK, EU (including each of the individual member states), US and UN sanctions regimes at all times) and good industry standards;
b. no amendments, supplements, variations or waiver of any material terms of the Management Agreement to be made if any such amendment, supplement, variation or waiver would have a Material Adverse Effect;
c. the Vessels shall maintain flag, class and remain registered in the International Shipping Register of Madeira or another ships registry acceptable to the Bond Trustee and in consistency with prudent ownership and good industry standards (and where the Bond Trustee shall be given notice of any changes to name, flag, class or registry of a Vessel prior to any such changes becoming effective);
d. the Vessels and all relevant equipment related thereto are reasonably and satisfactorily maintained at all times. During operation of the Vessels, the Issuer shall ensure that the Vessel Managers run proper maintenance of the Vessels and keep the Vessels in good and safe condition and repair consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards;
12 (22)

Information Undertakings: Permitted Distribution:

e. insurance of the Vessels are taken out and maintained with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters, including adequate insurance arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice in their relevant jurisdiction. Each of the Vessels shall be adequately insured against (A) Hull & Machinery risks at least covering the higher of (i) 100% of the Market Value of such Vessel and (ii) in respect of such Vessel, together with the Hull & Machinery cover for the other Vessels, 120% of the principal amount of Outstanding Bond Amount (less the amount standing to the credit of the Escrow Account) at any time, taking into account the aggregated value of all Vessels, (B) third party liability as per industry standards (P&I), (C) war risk (including expropriation risk) as per industry standards, and (D) any additional insurances required under law or any charter contract. Also, for the benefit of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall keep a Mortgagee Interest Insurance ("MII") and Mortgagee Additional Perils Insurance ("MAPI") or similar insurance
f. upon request of the Bond Trustee, arrange for the Bond Trustee, and/or any person appointed by the Bond Trustee, to undertake a technical inspection of the Vessels without interference of the daily operation of the Vessels and at the expense of the Issuer (however limited to maximum one yearly inspection per Vessel unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing).

The Bond Terms shall include relevant information undertakings (as customary in the Nordic high yield bond market).

Each of the Parent and the Issuer shall, without being requested to do so, prepare and deliver

i. audited annual Financial Reports and make them available via its website (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) no later than 120 days after the end of the financial year, and

ii. unaudited quarterly Financial Reports and make them available on its website (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant Quarter Date (each a "Reporting Date").

The Issuer shall provide compliance certificates with supporting documentation (including on Vessel LTV Ratio, Minimum Liquidity and Minimum Equity Ratio) to the Bond Trustee on a regular basis as set out in "Financial Covenants" above and, in addition, correspondingly (i) upon a Permitted Disposal (and the corresponding Mandatory Prepayment) or (ii) Tap Issue Test A occurring.

The Issuer shall always deliver to the Bond Trustee in connection with an Additional Vessel Acquisition the following relevant documentation:

(i)

A certified copy of the memorandum of agreement ("MOA") in

respect of the Additional Vessel;

(ii) a copy of the protocol of delivery and acceptance under the MOA in respect of the Additional Vessel;

(iii) SMC (safety management certificate), DOC (document of compliance from the relevant Issuer Group Company's technical manager of such Additional Vessel), and ISSC (international ship security certificate); and

(iv) Such other documentation in relation to an Additional Vessel as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require.

Means:

13 (22)

(i)

A Distribution by an Issuer Group Company, if such Distribution

is made by one Issuer Group Company to another Issuer Group

Company;

(ii) Subject to the Vessel LTV Ratio being below 50% (tested proforma after any Permitted Distribution):

a) a Distribution by the Issuer (distributed at the earliest in 2018) provided that the Distribution does not (when aggregated with any previous Distributions pursuant to this paragraph (ii) a.) exceed 75% of the Issuer's aggregated consolidated Adjusted Net Profit for the previous calendar year (and where any unutilized portion of such Adjusted Net Profit may not be carried forward);

b) a Distribution by the Issuer, following a Permitted Disposal, in an amount not exceeding (a) the amount of the relevant Transaction Value received as a result of such disposal, less (b) any amounts prepaid in accordance with the relevant prepayment provisions of any Financial Indebtedness, and (c) any transaction and tax cost payable by the Issuer Group in connection with such disposal; or

c) a Distribution by the Issuer, following a Total Loss Event, in an amount not exceeding the (a) insurance proceeds received as a result of such Total Loss Event, less (b) any amounts prepaid in accordance with the relevant prepayment provisions of any Financial Indebtedness and (c) any cost payable by the Issuer Group in connection with such Total Loss Event.

Permitted Financial Indebtedness:

Means (always subject to compliance with the relevant Financial Covenants) any financial indebtedness incurred by any Issuer Group Company under:

(i)

this Bond Issue and the Finance Documents;

(ii) existing and future bid-, payment- and performance bonds, newbuilding or other guarantees and letters of credit related to the operation or employment of the Vessels in the ordinary course of business;

(iii) interest rate hedging agreements relating to any Permitted Financial Indebtedness;

(iv) Group Loans; and

(v) not otherwise permitted above which at any time in aggregate does not exceed USD 5 million (or its equivalent in other currencies) and which is incurred in the ordinary course of business.

Permitted Disposal

Means any sale or disposal of a Vessel (or as the case may be, the shares of a Vessel Owning Company) to any third party that is not a member of the Group, provided however, that any such sale or disposal shall only constitute a Permitted Disposal if the Transaction Value received from a Permitted Disposal is paid directly into an account pledged in favor of the Bond Trustee (the "Disposal Account").

The funds paid into the Disposal Account shall remain pledged and blocked until they are employed (no later than 12 months thereafter following the relevant Permitted Disposal) as follows:

(i)

towards Mandatory Prepayment (subject to a no less than 5

business days prior written notice to the Bondholders); or

(ii) towards financing (in whole or in part) of the acquisition of any replacement assets satisfying the conditions as set out under the

14 (22)

Definitions:

definition of Additional Vessels clause (i)-(ii) and acquired at Market Value either externally or from another Group Company and over which new Security shall be granted,
after which any remaining funds on the Disposal Account if less than USD 1 million may be released to the Issuer Group.
"Adjusted Net Profit" means the Issuer Group's net profit after tax according to the latest Financial Report, after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of:
a) any loss or gain against book value arising from any Permitted Disposal;
b) any loss or gain against book value arising from any Total Loss Event including insurance proceeds resulting from such Total Loss Event; and
c) any appreciation made on the Vessels
"Ahrenkiel Ownership Interest" means an ownership interest of no more than 0.1 per cent. held by Ahrenkiel Steamship GmbH & Co. KG or its Subsidiaries in a Vessel Owning Company.
"Approved Shipbroker" means any of Affinity (Shipping), Barry Rogliano Salles International, Braemar Shipping Services, Clarksons, Howe Robinson, Maersk Broker and Walter J. Hinneberg and any independent reputable ship broker nominated by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee from time to time.
"Bondholders" means the holders of the Bonds from time to time.
"Bond Trustee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.
"Book Equity" means the aggregate book equity (on a consolidated basis) of the Group, calculated in accordance with IFRS.
"Cure Vessel" means an otherwise unencumbered vessel (other than a Vessel) in respect of which a first priority mortgage is provided by the Group in favor of the Bond Trustee as additional security.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement and/or through the direct and/or indirect ownership of shares and/or other ownership interests in another person:
a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Distribution" means any (i) payment of dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase of own shares, (iii) redemption of share capital, repayment of Group Loans or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, or (iv) any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct and indirect shareholders of any Group Company or the affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders, save for Group Loans contributed to an Issuer Group Company in connection with an Additional Vessel Acquisition, provided such Group Loan is repaid within 60 days by an equity injection in the Issuer or drawdown under the Bond Issue pursuant to documentation that the post drawdown Vessel LTV Ratio will be less than 50%.
"Equity Ratio" means the Book Equity divided by Total Assets.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:
15 (22)

a) moneys borrowed;
b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS as applicable at the Settlement Date, be treated as a finance or capital lease;
e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value shall be taken into account);
h) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution;
i) any amount paid up or credited as paid up on any redeemable share capital; and
j) without double-counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (i) above.
"Financial Report" means the financial reports of the Group or, where relevant the Issuer Group, to be prepared in accordance with IFRS in the English language and include a profit and loss statements, a cash flow statement, and a balance sheet statement on a consolidated basis for the relevant period and, in addition to the foregoing, a management commentary by the Parent with respect to the Parent's Financial Report.
"Group Loan" means any loan granted (or to be granted) by a Group Company to an Issuer Group Company. Group Loans shall be fully subordinated (including with a maturity date falling after repayment of the Bond Issue and no payment of principal) to all amounts owed under the Bond Issue pursuant to a subordination and turnover agreement acceptable to the Bond Trustee, provided that interest on Group Loans may be paid subject to the interest rate being on marketable terms and no Event of Default being outstanding.). All Group Loans granted to any of the Obligors shall be assigned on a first priority basis in favor of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the obligations under the Finance Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, no Issuer Group Company may grant loans to a Group Company outside of the Issuer Group.
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, and guidelines and interpretations issued thereto by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"LIBOR" means (London Interbank Offered Rate) being the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the Interest quotation day and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period, or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of commercial banks on the interbank market in New York City or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer is equal to what is offered to commercial banks in the New York city interbank market, for the relevant Interest Period. If any such rate is below zero, LIBOR will be
16 (22)

deemed to be zero.
"Liquidity" means the free and unencumbered consolidated cash balance of the Issuer Group as defined in accordance with IFRS (including for the avoidance of doubt amounts standing to the credit of accounts which have been pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, but not including any amounts standing to the Issuer's credit on the Escrow Account).
"Management Agreements" means any agreement from time to time entered into with the Vessel Managers for technical and operational management of the Vessels, which shall be om market terms and with customary termination and subordination provisions, provided that no subordination is required if a Vessel Manager is a non-related entity.
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Vessels and, if relevant, of any Cure Vessel in USD, determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the Vessels obtained from two Approved Shipbrokers. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer. The valuation shall be made at least semi-annually on each Calculation Date, or following an Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the number of Bonds outstanding from time to time.
"Outstanding Bond Amount" means the Outstanding Bonds multiplied with the Nominal Amount.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has Decisive Influence.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate total book assets (on a consolidated basis) of the Group, calculated in accordance with IFRS.
"Transaction Value" means:
a) In connection with a Permitted Disposal of a Vessel, the actual sales price net of transaction cost and tax received by the relevant Issuer Group Company from the relevant Permitted Disposal; or
b) In connection with an Additional Vessel Acquisition, the actual purchase price including direct transaction cost paid by the relevant Issuer Group Company.
"Vessel LTV Ratio" means the ratio of Outstanding Bond Amount, less any amount standing to the Issuer's credit on the Escrow Account, to the sum of (A) the total aggregate Market Value of the Vessels (which, in relation to an Additional Vessel, shall be deemed to equal the relevant Transaction Value of any such Vessel at the time of acquisition and for a period of 60 days thereafter, after which the value of such Vessel shall be determined as the Market Value) and (B) any free Liquidity within the Issuer Group.
"Vessel Manager" means MPC Container Ships AS, Ahrenkiel Steamship GmbH & Co. KG, Rickmers Shipmanagement GmbH & Cie. KG, Columbia Ship Management and CONTCHART Hamburg Leer GmbH & Co. KG (each with right to subcontract) or its subsidiaries as well as such other reputable ship manager as approved by the Parent's Board (and where written notice shall be sent to the Bond Trustee prior to any change of the Vessel Manager).
17 (22)

Material Adverse Effect: Put Option: Change of Control Event:
MPC Group: Mandatory Prepayment:

Means a material adverse effect on: (a) the Obligors ability to perform and comply with their obligations under the Finance Documents, or (b) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder will have a right (a "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101% of the Nominal Amount during a period of 30 days following the notice of a Change of Control Event. The Put Option repayment date will be the twentieth business day after the end of the 30 calendar days' exercise period.

Means:

a)

any person, or group of persons under the same Decisive Influence, or

two or more persons acting in concert obtains Decisive Influence over

the Parent, other than MPC Group or its Affiliates or other parties

acting in concert with MPC Group or its Affiliates; or

b)

a de-listing of the Parent's shares from the Merkur Market or another

internationally recognized stock exchange (if applicable) that does not

occur in connection with a listing of the Issuer's shares on another

internationally recognized stock exchange.

If MPC Group or its Affiliates or other parties acting in concert with MPC Group or its Affiliates acquire Decisive Influence or even 100% of the shares in the Issuer, and following such acquisition the shares of the Parent are de-listed as described in b) above, such de-listing shall not constitute a Change of Control Event as long as the Parent is listed on a reputable exchange simultaneously with a Merkur Markets delisting and remains listed until the Final Maturity Date.

Means MPC Group means MPC Münchmeyer Petersen & Co. GmbH and MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG and any legal or physical person which is directly or indirectly controlled by them or which is jointly controlled by shareholders of MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG.

Means that:
(a) Upon a Permitted Disposal occurring, the Issuer may (subject to the further terms and conditions set out under "Permitted Disposal") redeem Bonds with an amount equal to the Redemption Amount on the following prices:
(i) the Settlement Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to 105.0% of the Nominal Amount;
(ii) thereafter on the redemption prices set out under the "Issuer's Call Options" paragraph above.
In addition, the Issuer shall pay accrued and unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Permitted Disposal occurred and not the date on which the prepayment is carried out.
(b) Subject to paragraph (c) below, upon a Total Loss Event occurring, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds related to such Total Loss Event are available, and in any event no later than 180 days following the Total Loss Event, redeem Bonds with an amount equal to the Redemption Amount at a price equal to 100.0% of the Nominal Amount, including accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds.
(c) No redemption of Bonds under paragraph (b) shall be required if the Issuer deposits the insurance proceeds on the Disposal Account and the application of such funds shall then be subject to the terms and conditions for funds

18 (22)

Total Loss Event: Redemption Amount:
Events of Default: Issuer's Ownership of Bonds: Managers: Bond Trustee: Registration: Paying Agent:

credited to the Disposal Account. Means an actual or constructive total loss of any of the Vessels. Means an amount calculated as follows:

     ()    ()      ()
       

multiplied with the Outstanding Bond Amount.

In the above calculation of the Redemption Amount, the following principles shall be applied:

(i)

The calculation shall be made as per a calculation date determined

by the Issuer, falling no earlier than 5 business days prior to the

Issuer giving notice of the relevant Mandatory Prepayment;

(ii) The Market Value of the Vessel(s) disposed shall be the most recent Market Value of such Vessel prior to its Permitted Disposal; and

(iii) The Market Value of all the Vessels shall be the sum of:

a. the Market Value of all the Vessels at the time of the calculation, based on valuations dated no earlier than 20 business days prior to the date as of which the Redemption Amount is calculated; and

b. The value of the Vessel disposed, as calculated in the numerator of the fraction above

The Bond Terms shall include standard event of default provisions applicable to the Obligors, including cross-default provisions in respect of failure to fullfil any other financial indebtedness (including any guarantee liabilities) for any Group Company with recourse to the Parent or the Issuer with a threshold in the aggregate amount of USD 5,000,000 (or equivalent thereof in any other currency).

The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained or sold in the Issuer's sole discretion.

 DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 0021 Oslo, Norway; and
 Fearnley Securities AS, Grev Wedels Plass 9, NO-0151 Oslo, Norway.

Nordic Trustee AS

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS"). Principal and interest accrued will be credited the Bondholders through VPS.

DNB Bank ASA

19 (22)

Taxation Bond Terms:
Finance Documents: Approvals: Market Making: Terms of subscription:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law, subject to standard gross-up and grossup call provisions.

The standard Nordic Bond Terms for corporate and high yield bonds related to each Relevant Jurisdiction will regulate the rights and obligations with respect to the Bonds. In the event of any discrepancy between this term sheet and the Bond Terms, the provisions of the Bond Terms shall prevail.
By filing an application to subscribe for Bonds, each investor accepts to become a Bondholder (as defined in the Bond Terms) and to be bound by the provisions of the Bond Terms. Further, by filing such application, each investor accepts that certain adjustments to the structure and terms described in this term sheet may occur in the final Bond Terms.
The Bond Terms shall include provisions on the Bond Trustee's right to represent the Bondholders, including a "no action" clause, meaning that no individual Bondholder may take any legal action against the Issuer individually (as further described in the Bond Terms). The Bond Terms will further contain provisions regulating the duties of the Bond Trustee, procedures for Bondholders' Meetings and applicable quorum and majority requirements for Bondholders' consent, whereas a sufficient majority of Bondholders may materially amend the provision of the Bond Terms or discharge the Bonds in part or in full without the consent of all Bondholders, as well as other provisions customary for a bond offering as described herein.

Means: (i) (ii) (iii) (iv)

the Bond Terms; the Security Documents; the Bond Trustee Agreement; and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document

The issuance of the Bonds shall be subject to approval by the board of directors of the Parent and a resolution by the shareholder of the Issuer, as well as any other approvals as may be required by applicable company law.

No market-maker agreement has been entered into for the issuance of the Bonds.

Any subscriber of the Bonds specifically authorises the Bond Trustee to execute and deliver the Bond Terms on behalf of the prospective Bondholder, who will execute and deliver relevant application forms (the "Application Form") prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee will execute and deliver the Bond Terms and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become bound by the Bond Terms. The Bond Terms specify that by virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
The Bond Terms shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Bonds, be obtained on request to the Bond Trustee or the Issuer.

20 (22)

Subscription Restrictions: Transfer Restrictions: Governing Law:

The Bonds will only be offered or sold within the United States to Qualified Institutional Buyers ("QIBs") as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act.
The Bonds have not and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act, or any state securities law except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and appropriate exemptions under the laws of any other jurisdiction. The Bonds may not be offered or sold within the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person (as such terms are defined in regulations), except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. See further details in the Application Form. Failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities legislation.
The Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged, subject to the following:
Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under the Bond Terms provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
Norwegian for the Bond Terms, Norwegian or local law as applicable for the Security Documents,
Oslo/Amsterdam, 8 September 2017

MPC Container Ships Invest B.V. As Issuer

DNB Markets As Joint Lead Manager

Fearnley Securities AS As Joint Lead Manager

21 (22)

Schedule 1 ­ Relevant Vessel and Relevant Subsidiary Overview
Part A - Initial Vessels

Vessel Name AS Laetitia AS Laguna AS Fiona AS Fatima AS Fortuna AS Angelina AS Paulina AS Petronia AS Constantina AS Clara

Relevant Subsidiary* "AS LAETITIA" ShipCo CV "AS LAGUNA" ShipCo CV "AS FIONA" ShipCo CV "AS FATIMA" ShipCo CV "AS FORTUNA" ShipCo CV "AS ANGELINA" ShipCo CV "AS PAULINA" ShipCo CV "AS PETRONIA" ShipCo CV "AS CONSTANTINA" ShipCo CV "AS CLARA" ShipCo CV

IMO No. 9366237 9435820 9248930 9437191 9428322 9357092 9286774 9286786 9308390 9320049

Built 2007 2008 2003 2008 2009 2007 2004 2004 2005 2006

Interest 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%

TEU 966 966 1,200 1,284 1,345 2,127 2,556 2,556 2,742 2,742

Part B - Initial Vessels to be acquired after initial closing

Vessel Name AS Floretta AS Faustina AS Fabrizia AS Fiorella AS Columbia

Relevant Subsidiary* "AS FLORETTA" ShipCo CV "AS FAUSTINA" ShipCo CV "AS FABRIZIA" ShipCo CV "AS FIORELLA" ShipCo CV "AS COLUMBIA" ShipCo CV

IMO No.
9395056 9395094 9395135 9395111 9320037

Built 2007 2007 2008 2007 2006

Interest 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%

TEU 1,284 1,284 1,284 1,296 2,742

* Each of the vessel owning Subsidiaries is represented by its general partner.

22 (22)

