ISINNO 001 030730.9/ISIN NO 001 030731.7
Amendment Agreement to
the Bond Agreement between
Crew Gold Corporation ("Borrower") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue Crew Gold Corporation Senior Secured Bond Issue 2006/2011
with Call Option

norsk tillitsmann ase
This amendment agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated on 27 February 2009 between Crew Gold Corporation (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee").
1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement The Amendment Agreement amends the Bond Agreement "Crew Gold Corporation Senior Secured Bond Issue 2006/2011 with Call Option" - which consists of a NOK tranche with ISIN NO 001 030730.9 (the "NOK Tranche") and a USD tranche with ISIN NO 001 030731.7 (the "USD Tranche"), based on resolution adopted at the Bondholders' meeting dated 18 February 2009.
2. Amendment to the Bond Agreement
The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) New definition o f "Initial Exchange ratio " shall be inserted and read asfollows:
"The USD/NOK exchange rate at Disbursement Date (i.e. 30 March 2006) which is set to NOK 6,5947".
(ii) New definition o f "Voluntary Exchange Offer"shall be inserted and read asfollows:
"Refers to the voluntary exchange offer to exchange Bonds in the NOK Tranche for Bonds in the USD Tranche made by the Borrower on 9th February 2009 to the Bondholders in the Bond issue with ISIN NO 001030730.9."
(Hi) New definition o f "Voluntary Convertible Exchange Offer"shall be inserted and read as follows:
"Refers to the offer from the Borrower to exchange bonds in the bond issue with ISIN N0001029393.9 with bonds in the new convertible USD bond issue with ISIN N0001049555.9"
(iv) The definition o f "NOK Tranche "shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
"An advance of original NOK 200,000,000 divided into Bonds in denominations of NOK 500,000 each with ISIN NO 001 030730.9, to be decreased by the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds exchanged from the NOK Tranche to the USD Tranche pursuant to the Voluntary Exchange Offer."
(v) The definition o f "Guarantee "shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
2

norsk tillitsmann as;
"An on-demand limited recourse guarantee to be provided by the Guarantor (as may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified or restated from time to time) in favour o f the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Borrower's obligations under the Loan Agreement."
(vi) The definition o f "USD Tranche "shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
"An advance of original USD 50,000,000, divided into Bonds at a nominal value of USD 100,000 each with ISIN NO 001 030731.7, to be increased by the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds exchanged from the NOK Tranche to the USD Tranche pursuant to the Voluntary Exchange Offer and with a split o f each issued Bond with face value of USD 100,000 into 100,000 Bonds with face value of USD 1 each".
(W/)The Loan Agreement Clause 13.2 (d) and (e) restricting the Borrower from incurring additional Financial Indebtedness shall be waived in connection with the Voluntary Exchange Offer and the Voluntary Convertible Exchange Offer.
fviii) Clause 9.1 shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read asfollows:
Interest accrues from and including the Disbursement Date. The NOK Tranche is based on NIBOR plus 5.00 percentage points, and the USD Tranche is based on LIBOR plus 5.00 percentage points. The USD Tranche shall from and including 30 March 2009 be based on LIBOR plus 5.50 percentage points. NIBOR and LIBOR are set on the Interest Determination Date. Should NIBOR or LIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR - Reference Banks (for the NOK Tranche) or LIBOR - Reference Banks (for the USD Tranche) plus 5.00 percentage points or 5.50 percentage points as the case may be.
The interest rate is reset in accordance with Clause 9.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in June 2006.
fix) Clause 9.2first section shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
The interest on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest is set on the Interest Determination Date based on NIBOR plus 5.00 percentage points for the NOK Tranche and LIBOR plus 5.00 percentage points or 5.50 percentage points as the case may be for the USD Tranche. Should NIBOR or LIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR - Reference Banks (for the NOK Tranche) or LIBOR - Reference Banks (for the USD Tranche) plus 5.00 percentage points or 5.50 percentage points as the case may be.
3
Gw

norsk tillitsmann asa
(x) Clause 17.2 first section shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder holding bonds in the NOK Tranche shall have one vote for each bond he owns. Bondholders holding bonds in the USD Tranche shall have a number of votes for each such bond equal to the value in NOK of such bond converted at the Initial Exchange Ratio. The notification of the number of bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number o f voting Bonds.
In case o f doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
3. Security Documents
The Borrower agrees to restate and amend the Guarantee and the first priority share pledge in all of the Guarantor's shares in the Company to cover the amended Loan Agreement. The Borrower will also provide the Bond Trustee with any required legal opinion in relation to the amendments to the Loan Agreement.
4. Representations and Warranties
The Borrower represents and warrants that:
(a) the Borrower has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Amendment Agreement,
(b) this Amendment Agreement constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower,
(c) the entry into and performance by the Borrower o f this Amendment Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association,
4

norsk tillitsmann as;
by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower,
(d) no Event of Default exists and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment o f any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or any of its assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the amended Loan Agreement or any security documents in connection herewith, and
(e) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the amended Loan Agreement or any security documents in connection herewith.
5. Confirmation of the Bond Agreement
All other provisions of the Bond Agreement remain in full force. The Bond Agreement and this Amendment Agreement constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the above mentioned Bond issue.
6. Governing Law
Disputes arising out o f or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.
7. Commencement
The amendments to the Bond Agreement is conditional upon the following conditions, unless waived by the Borrower;
(a) the conditions for the voluntary conversion of bonds in the NOK Convertible bond issue with ISIN NO 001 029393.9 being fulfilled or waived by the Borrower;
(b) the Board of Directors of the Borrower having approved to complete the Voluntary Exchange Offer at the USD/NOK exchange rate at 6:9079 NOK for each 1 USD.; and
(c) Bondholders accepting the Voluntary Exchange Offer are at least 25 percentages of the outstanding Bonds in the NOK Tranche.
5

norsk tillitsmann as
The amendments to the Bond Agreement will commence when all the conditions are fulfilled.
6

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

