ISIN: NO 001 062270.7
Amendment Agreement to
the Note Agreement between
Transeuro Energy Corp. ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Note Trustee")
on behalf of the noteholders ("Noteholders")
in note issue 24.00 per cent Transeuro Energy Corp. Secured Callable
Note Issue 2011

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement") is dated on 9 November 2011 between Transeuro Energy Corp. (the "Issuer") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Note Trustee").

1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement

The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the agreement Note Agreement "24.00 per cent Transeuro Energy Corp. Secured Callable Note Issue 2011" - ISIN 001 062270.7, based on resolution adopted at the Noteholders' meeting dated 9 November 2011.

2. Amendment to the Note Agreement

The Note Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(i) The definition of "Maturity Date " shall read:

"Maturity Date" means 30 December 2011 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Note Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.

(ii) Clause 10.2.2 shall read:

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Note Trustee and the Noteholders minimum 5 Business Days and maximum 10 business days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

3. Confirmation of the Note Agreement

All other provisions of the Note Agreement remain in full force. The Note Agreement and this Amendment Agreement constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the above mentioned note issue.

4. Governing Law

Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.

5. Commencement

The amendments to the Note Agreement will commence at the date of the Noteholders' meeting.

r£'j*anctf*n>*n F .n p m v P n r n

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Issuer

Note Trustee

This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Note Trustee keep one each.

2

