NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA w w w .trustee.no
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001 036356.7 - FRN Interoil Exploration and Production ASA Senior Secured Callable and Putable Bond Issue 2007/2012
Oslo, 2 August 2010
SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDER'S MEETING
Proposal to approve the execution of the Payoff Agreements (as defined below) pertaining to the proposed refinancing of Interoil Exploration and Production ASA and the repayment of the Loan
1. BACKGROUND
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM"/"Norsk Tillitsmann") is appointed loan trustee for the holders of bonds (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned loan with ISIN NO 001 036356.7 (the "Loan"), established under the loan agreement dated 27 April 2007 (the "Loan Agreement") with Interoil Exploration and Production ASA as borrower (the "Borrower").
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Loan Agreement unless otherwise stated in this summons.
The Borrower failed to make repayment of the instalment of the Loan on the Payment Date falling on 5 May 2009, as required by Clause 10.1 of the Loan Agreement.
The Borrower remains in default under the Loan Agreement, and Norsk Tillitsmann initiated the enforcement proceedings for the enforcement of the Loan Security on 15 January 2010.
Recently there have been discussions between representatives of the Bondholders, collectively representing 69.7 % of the Outstanding Loan under the Loan Agreement (the "Instructing Bondholders"), and the Borrower with a view to find an amicable solution in order to repay the Loan.

M AILING ADDRESS ® P.O.BOX I47O VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LOCATION ® HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone @ +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail ® mail@trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
ww w . L'iTisroe.no
The Borrower has presented the Instructing Bondholders and NTM with a proposed refinancing solution involving (i) new loan facilities from Citibank N.A ("Citibank") to the Borrower's subsidiaries in Peru and Colombia and (ii) financing from West Face (Norway) AS ("West Face"), and (iii) the full repayment of the Loan (including but not limited to interest and default interest and fees/cost related to the enforcement proceedings). In connection therewith the Borrower has requested that NTM enter into the Closing Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "Closing Agreement") and the Escrow Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B (the "Escrow Agreement" and together with the Closing Agreement the "Payoff Agreements").
Following consultation with and the instructions from the Instructing Bondholders, NTM has executed the Payoff Agreements on 30 July 2010.
1 BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE PAYOFF AGREEMENTS
1.1 Background
Interoil Peru S.A and Citibank have entered into a USD 60 000 000 credit Agreement dated 14 July 2010, and prior to the Escrow Release Time (as defined below) Interoil Colombia Exploration and Production Inc and Citibank expect to enter into a USD 30 000 000 credit agreement.
Furthermore, and prior to the Escrow Release Time, the Borrower and NTM, on behalf of the bondholders in the two unsecured bond loans with ISIN NO 001 032535.0 and 001 036280.9, expect to enter into a conditional loan agreement, whereby the existing two bond loans will be exchanged into one new bond loan, and West Face or one or more parties associated with West Face proposes to purchase, and the Borrower proposes to issue to such party USD 40 000 000 aggregate principal amount of bonds in the new bond. In addition, West Face will also contribute up to USD 10 000 000 in new equity in the Borrower subject to, inter alia, the completion of the above.
1.2 The escrow arrangement
The funds provided by Citibank and West Face respectively as part o f the proposed refinancing solution will go into separate escrow accounts pertaining to the Peru facility, the Colombia facility and the West Face funds, pending the satisfaction o f the conditions precedent under the above mentioned agreements and the satisfaction o f the condition set by NTM.
The Closing Agreement sets out the terms and conditions to which the escrow accounts will be established and maintained, and pursuant to which the release of funds in the escrow accounts will be made.
The Escrow Agreement sets out the terms and conditions for the appointment of Citibank as escrow agent, the transfer of funds to the escrow accounts and the release from escrow. In case of any conflict between the terms of the Closing Agreement and the Escrow Agreement, the Escrow Agreement prevails.

2 -

-

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA www. m iM vc.no
1.3 Release from escrow - closing
The release of funds from escrow is anticipated to take place no later than 5 pm New York time on 31 August 2010 (the "Escrow Release Time"), whereas the transfer of the funds pertaining to the Peru facility to escrow was made on 30 July 2010. This implies that there will be funds held in escrow for approximately one month, on which interest will be accrued, and that the Borrower up to the Escrow Release Time will also incur fees and other transaction costs.
Pursuant to the Payoff Agreements the release of funds from escrow is conditional upon (i) Citibank and West Face providing the escrow agent with separate escrow release certificates, confirming that all the conditions to the completion of the refinancing and the release of their respective parts of the escrow funds have been satisfied, and (ii) a separate certificate from NTM setting forth the aggregate outstanding amount (including without limitation all interest, default interest, expenses and legal and enforcement costs of both NTM and the enforcing bondholders payable under or in connection with the Loan).
Pursuant to the Closing Agreement clause 3.2, in the event any of NTM's closing conditions (as set out therein) is not satisfied, there shall be no disbursement of any loan or advance under either of the Peru or Colombia facility agreements, and the consents granted by NTM shall be immediately revoked.
1.4 Risks and remedies
Should for some reason the refinancing not be completed on the Escrow Release Time the funds on the escrow accounts will be transferred back to Citibank and West Face respectively. However, this would imply that the Borrower pursuant to the facilities agreements has assumed additional financial indebtedness by incurring interest, fees and other transaction costs, which may not be covered by the balance on the escrow accounts. The amount of such additional indebtedness has been estimated to approximately USD 3 400 000.
In order to reduce the risk of any such residual amounts owing to Citibank adversely effecting the Bondholders' position, NTM's consents pursuant to the Payoff Agreements are conditional upon (i) the payment by the Borrower of a USD 1 000 000 consent fee in cash, (ii) the execution and delivery by the Borrower of an agreement and acknowledgement to pay an additional consent fee of USD 600 000, such additional consent fee to be paid through an increase of the principal amount outstanding under the Loan, (iii) evidence satisfactory to NTM of the payment by the Borrower to Citibank not less than USD 1 428 000 towards the commitments fees under the Peruvian facility agreement, and (iv) the deposit by the Borrower to a separate escrow account the accrued interests being no less than USD 400 000.
In connection with the increase of the principal amount outstanding under the Loan, cf item (ii) recited above, and in order to implement the pro rata distribution of the additional bonds as contemplated in the Closing Agreement, the Bondholders are proposed to resolve that the bonds in the Loan will be split, and that the Loan Agreement clause 2 is amended accordingly.
The additional bonds issued by the Borrower will be kept on an interim separate clients' account by NTM, and will be distributed pro rata among the Bondholders prior to the Escrow Release Time.
-3 -

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
www. m islee.no
1.5 Release of security and termination of enforcement proceedings
Subject to the satisfaction of NTM's consent conditions (as set out in the Closing Agreement clause 3.2) and the receipt of the portion of the escrow funds equal to the total outstanding amounts under the Loan in full clear cash funds without set off or counterclaim, (i) the Borrower or its designee may cause all liens and security interests (including guarantees) granted in connection with the Loan to be terminated and released, and (ii) any and all pending enforcement proceedings against the Borrower for amounts owed pursuant to the Loan will be terminated.
It has been agreed with the Borrower that the termination of the enforcement proceedings shall be without liability on the part of NTM or the Bondholders for the Borrower's costs.
2. THE PROPOSAL
Norsk Tillitsmann proposes the following resolution (Norwegian translation for the purpose of documentation before the Norwegian courts):
(a) The Bondholders' meeting ratifies and approves the execution of the Payoff Agreements entered into by Norsk Tillitsmann on 30 July 2010, and the obligations assumed therein.
(b) The Bondholders' meeting consents to the increase of theprincipal amount outstanding under the Loan by USD 600 000 as set out in the Closing Agreement clause 3.2 (a) (i).
(c) The Bondholders' meeting resolves to amend the Loan Agreement clause 2.1 pertaining to the denominations of the bonds, so that Norsk Tillitsmann is given the authority to split the Bonds in order to facilitate the distribution of bonds as set out in (b) above.
(d) The Bondholders' meeting authorises Norsk Tillitsmann to, on behalf of the Bondholders, and subject to the satisfaction of the consent conditions as set out in the Closing Agreement, deliver the Consent Conditions Satisfaction Certificate and the Total Bond Indebtedness Certificate (both as defined therein).
(e) The Bondholders' meeting authorises Norsk Tillitsmann to, on behalf of the Bondholders, and subject to the satisfaction of the consent conditions and only following the receipt of the total outstanding amounts under the Loan as set out in the Payoff Agreements, to terminate and release the Loan Security and to terminate the enforcement proceedings.
(f) The Bondholders' meeting instructs Norsk Tillitsmann to continue to advance the enforcement proceedings in full unless and until the total outstanding amounts under the Loan are paid in full.

4 -

-

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
\v\v\v.l ruslcc'. no
(g) The Bondholders' meeting authorises Norsk Tillitsmann to, on behalf of the Bondholders, arrange for the increase of the principal outstanding amount under the Loan in accordance with the resolution under (b) above, and implement the amendments to the Loan Agreement in accordance with the resolution under (c) above.
(h) The Bondholders' meeting authorises and instructs Norsk Tillitsmann to pay the legal fees, costs, expenses and other liabilities incurred in connection with the recovery of the Loan, and any other costs and fees, incurred by Norsk Tillitsmann, out of amounts recovered or received by Norsk Tillitsmann in connection with the Bonds and before it makes any payment or distribution of principal, interest, premium or otherwise to Bondholders with respect to the Bonds.
Norwegian translation:
(a) Obligasjonseierne ratifiserer og godkjenner PayoffAgreements (definert overfor) inngått av Norsk Tillitsmann den 30. juli 2010, ogforpliktelsene i disse avtalene.
(b) Obligasjonseierne samtykker til økningen av obligasjonslånet med USD 600 000 i henhold til Closing Agreementpunkt 3.2 (a) (i).
(c) Obligasjonseierne vedtar å endre låneavtalens punkt 2.1 for så vidt gjelder obligasjonenes pålydende slik at Norsk Tillitsmann gis fullmakt til å splitte obligasjonenefor å kunne gjennomførefordelingen av de nye obligasjonene som lånet er vedtatt utvidet med under punkt (b) overfor.
(d) Obligasjonseierne gir Norsk Tillitsmann fullmakt til å, p å vegne av obligasjonseierne og forutsatt at vilkårenefor Norsk Tillitsmanns samtykke, j f Closing Agreement, er oppfylt, å utstede Consent Conditions Satisfaction Certiflcate og Total Bond Indebtedness Certificate (begge som definert i Closing Agreement).
(e) Obligasjonseierne gir Norsk Tillitsmannfullmakt til å, p å vegne av obligasjonseierne og forutsatt at vilkårene for Norsk Tillitsmanns samtykke er oppfylt og bare dersom fullt oppgjør for ethvert utestående under låneavtalen er mottatt, slette sikkerhetene under låneavtalen og tilbakekalle begjæringen om tvangssalg av aksjer.
(f Obligasjonseierne instruerer Norsk Tillitsmann om å opprettholde begjæringen om tvangssalg av aksjene med mindre ogfrem til hele det totale utestående beløpet under obligasjonslånet erfullt innbetalt.
(g) Obligasjonseierne gir Norsk Tillitsmannfullmakt til å, på vegne av obligasjonseierne, gjennomføre økningen av obligasjonslånet i tråd med vedtaket under punkt (b) overfor, og gjennomføre endringen av låneavtalen i tråd med vedtaket under punkt (c) overfor.
(h) Obligasjonseierne gir Norsk Tillitsmannfullmakt til og instruks om å betale rettsgebyr, kostnader og utlegg påløpt iforbindelse med inndrivelse av lånet, og eventuelle andre kostnader ogfees, påløptfor Norsk Tillitsmann, med beløp Norsk Tillitsmann mottarfra utsteder og/eller tilfordeling blant Obligasjonseierne, og slik at disse kostnadene skal dekkes før noen utbetaling av hovedstol, renter, eller annet utestående til Obligasjonseierne av utestående beløp under låneavtalen.
*** For more information about the Proposal, please contact Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.

5 -

-

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
www.lruNlec.no
3. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:
Time: 11 August 2010 at 13 hours (Oslo time), Place: The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA,
Haakon VIIs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 5th floor
Agenda: 1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Consent to certain proposals:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:
"The Bondholders' meeting approves the Proposal as described in clause 2 in the summons to this Bondholders' meeting. "
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 1/2 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered.)
PLEASE NOTE: Bonds that were drawn and marked for redemption as part of the USD 10 000 000 instalment that was due in May 2009 (the "Drawn Bonds") may not show correctly on the subsequent statements. Bondholders may however vote also for the Drawn Bonds. Bondholders affected holding their Bonds through the Norwegian securities register may receive separate voting forms for the Drawn Bonds together with this summons (if not the case, please state the holding of Drawn Bonds at the received voting form and submit evidence for the Drawn Bonds, as set out below). Bondholders affected with Bonds held through Euroclear (or similar) may also vote for their Drawn Bonds, but will have to submit documentation that shows their holdings of Drawn Bonds, for instance a copy of the notification that the bonds were drawn for redemption.

6 -

-

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA www.trusiee.no
The individual bondholder may authorise Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

7 -

-

