Amendment Agreement
to the Loan Agreement
between
Sea Production Ltd (Borrower)
and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Loan Trustee")

ISINNO 001 035463.2

on behalf of
the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue
FRN Sea Production Ltd Callable Senior Secured Bond Issue 2007/2012

norsk tillitsmann as
This agreement (t he "Amendment Agreement") is dated on 2Zcd July 2010 between Sea Production Ltd, a company incorporated under the laws of Bermuda with Reg no 39562 and registered address at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda as borrower (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee").
1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement
The Amendment Agreement comprises amendments of the agreement Loan Agreement "FRN Sea Production Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012" - ISIN NO 001 035463.2, based on resolution adopted at the Bondholders' meeting dated 15 July 2010.
2. Amendment to the Bond Agreement
The Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) The definition of "Sea Jaguar Proceeds Amount" shall read:
"means the amount (in USD) equal to the net sale proceeds received by the Borrower in relation to the sale o f the Aframax Tanker M/S Sea Jaguar."
(ii) New definition of "Sea Jaguar Redemption Amount" shall read:
"means the amount equal to USD 7,500,000 less the amount of the Sea Jaguar Proceeds Amount."
(iii) Clause 8.3 shall be amended to read as follows:
"Upon the redemption of Bonds o f a par value of at least (i) an amount equal to the Sea Jaguar Proceeds Amount, in case of the Aframax Tanker M/V Sea Jaguar and (ii) USD 7,500,000, in case of the Aframax Tanker M/V Sea Cat, of the Remaining Loan as described in Clause 10.3, the Loan Trustee shall release all Aframax Security established in relation to the Aframax Tanker to which such redemption relates."
(iv) Clause 8.4 shall be amended to read as follows:
"Upon such time as redemption pursuant to Clause 10.3 takes place, the Secured Bank Loan Amount shall be reduced with an amount (i) equal to the Sea Jaguar Proceeds Amount, in case of a release of the Aframax Security established in relation to the Aframax Tanker M/S Sea Jaguar and (ii) of USD 7,500,000, in case o f a release of the Aframax Security established in relation to the Aframax Tanker M/S Sea Cat (collectively the "Down Payment Amount"), provided, however, that the respective Down Payment shall be reduced with an amount of USD 468,750 for each whole quarter ensuing from the Disbursement Date to the date of such redemption (however, the respective Down Payment Amount shall never fall below zero), provided always that the Borrower has complied with the original
2

norsk tillitsmann as
repayment schedule for the respective Aframax Tanker as stipulated in the Bank Loan Agreement,"
(v) The opening four lines of Clause 10.3 shall be amended to read as follows:
"For the purpose of (A) release of Aframax Tanker Security described under Clause 8.3, and subject to the Borrower complying with the provisions o f Clause 8.4 and Clause 8.5, in which case the Borrower may redeem Bonds of par value (i) equal to the Sea Jaguar Proceeds Amount, in case o f a release o f the Aframax Tanker Security established in relation to the Aframax Tanker M/S Sea Jaguar and (ii) USD 7,500,000, in case of a release o f the Aframax Tanker Security established in relation to the Aframax Tanker M/S Sea Cat and (B) enabling the Borrower to make Distributions according to the provisions of paragraph (k) of Clause 13.2 (as such term is defined therein) by redeeming Bonds of par value equal to the Sea Jaguar Redemption Amount, the Borrower may redeem Bonds as follows:"
(vi) The third paragraph of Clause 10.4 shall be amended to read as follows:
"If an Aframax Tanker is sold, if any of the Borrower's shares in a Guarantor owning an Aframax Tanker is sold (collectively a "Change of Aframax Tanker Ownership Event"), or in the event of a total or a constructive loss of an Aframax Tanker, the Borrower shall redeem Bonds of par value USD 7,500,000 of the Remaining Loan in accordance to the structure described above, provided, however, in case of a Change of Aframax Tanker Ownership Event regarding the Aframax Tanker M/S Sea Jaguar, the Borrower shall only be obligated to redeem Bonds o f a par value equal to the Sea Jaguar Proceeds Amount."
(vii) The wording of paragraph (k) of Clause 13.2 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended to read as follows:
"not to make any dividend payment, repurchase o f shares or make other distributions to its shareholders (each a "Distribution") during the first two years after the Disbursement Date. Thereafter, during the remaining term o f the Loan, the Borrower shall not make any Distributions that constitutes more than, on a consolidated basis, 35% o f the net profit after taxes for the previous financial year, provided, however, in the event that the Aframax Tanker Security established in relation to the Aframax Tanker M/S Sea Jaguar has been released pursuant to Clause 8.3, the Borrower shall not make any Distributions until Bonds o f a par value equal to the Sea Jaguar Redemption Amount has been redeemed in accordance with the provisions o f Clause 10.3 (not taking into account any redemption amount related to the release of the Aframax Security established in relation to the Aframax Tanker M/S Sea Cat)."
3

norsk tillitsmann as;
3. Confirmation of the Loan Agreement
All other provisions of the Loan Agreement remain in full force, The Loan Agreement and this Amendment Agreement constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the above mentioned Bond issue.
4. Governing Law
Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo City Court.
5. Commencement
The amendments to the Loan Agreement will commence at the date of the Bondholders' meeting.

Sea Production Ltd

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2 3 JUL 201
This Amendment Agreement has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Loan Trustee keep one each.
The terms of this Agreement are acknowledged and approved by Puffin Ltd. Signed for and on behalf Puffin Ltd.

4

norsk tillitsmann as;
The terms of this Agreement are acknowledged and approved by Melrose Shipping Company Limited Signed for and on behalf Melrose Shipping Company Limited
The terms of this Agreement are acknowledged and approved by Langford Shipping Company Limited Signed for and on behalf
The terms o f this Agreement are acknowledged and approved by Wisdom Shipping (S) Pte. Ltd. Signed for and on behalf
5

