NORDIC TRUSTEE

Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet pa engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt medNordic Tmstee ASA pa telefon +47 22 87 94 00 eller e-post mail@nordictnistee.com.

To the bondholders in:

ISIN NO 001 0584683 - 15.00 per cent Interoil Exploration & Production ASA Senior Callable Bond Issue 2010/2014

Oslo, 3 November 2014

Proposed changes to loan agreement - Summons to Bondholders' Meetings

Nordic Trustee ASA (previously known as Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) (the "Bond Trustee") is appointed as trustee for the abovementioned bond issue with ISIN NO 001 0584683 (the "Bond Loan") issued by Interoil Exploration and Production ASA (the "Issuer", the "Company" or "Interoil").

All capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein (including any attachment hereto) shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement for the Bond Loan dated 8 September 2010 (as amended) (the "Bond Agreement").

The information in this summons regarding the Issuer is provided solely by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

1.

BACKGROUND

1.1 Company Update To strengthen the financial position of the Company, Interoil has recently initiated a refinancing process. For more information on this process, we refer to the press release issued by Interoil on 27 October 2014. The Company is currently reviewing alternatives to secure a sustainable financing solution, as well as exploring other strategic options. A separate Bondholder's Meeting will be held to inform the Bondholders of the situation and to propose necessary changes to the Bond Agreement as soon as the Company has concluded on the process. As part of the refinancing process, Interoil has been informed that the Bond Trustee may seek to establish a Bondholder committee, to which a legal advisor will be appointed. Interoil can see the benefit of having such Bondholder committee established in the interest of finding an effective and constructive refinancing process going forward. Interoil therefore agree to provide a prepayment of NOK 1 000 000 to fund such advisor to the Bondholder committee.

In an effort to facilitate the contemplated refinancing, the Issuer is hereby putting forward a proposal to approve certain changes to the Bond Agreement.

Interoil has signed a transaction agreement with United Oilfield Colombia Inc, ("UOC") regarding the sale of the Company's subsidiary Interoil Exploration and Production Latin America AS ("LATAM") against a consideration of USD 1 and assumption of intercompany
1

debt (the "Transaction"). The divestment and closing of the Transaction is subject to Bondholder approval. For more information on the Transaction, we refer to the press release to be issued by the Company within the course of business on 3 November 2014.
LATAM is the holding company for the shares in Interoil Peru S.A. ("IOP") and North Oil Services S.A.C. ("NOS"). LATAM does not hold any other assets and has an intercompany debt to IOP amounting to approximately USD 44,000,000.
IOP is currently operating the blocks III and IV in Peru under 12 month license agreements, which both expire 5 April 2015. Perupetro S.A. has initiated an open bid round for both blocks. IOP does not qualify to participate in the bid round and has not been able to find eligible partners to submit a joint bid. IOP will therefore not have any operations after the expiry of the license agreements. NOS is under liquidation and does not have any activities.
Interoil is further proposing to reduce the number of days to summon a Bondholders' Meeting for a limited period in order to create more flexibility in the refinancing process.

1.2

Summary of the proposal

The Bondholder's Meeting is requested to approve the following amendments to the Bond Agreement:
i. Change the definition of "Subsidiaries" by deleting LATAM and NOS; ii. Change the definition of "Guarantees" by deleting reference to NOS; iii. Change the definition of "Hydrocarbon Resources" by deleting reference to
block III and IV and Puli-B and Armero; iv. Change the definition of "Preferred Senior Debt Borrowers" by deleting
reference to IOP; v. Change the definition of "Share Charge" by deleting reference to NOS; vi. Change the notice period for summons to Bondholders Meetings;

The Bondholder's meeting is also requested to approve the following:
vii. Approve of the Transaction; viii. Release the pledge in LATAM, including pledge over LATAM's inventory,
operating assets, the receivables and the bank accounts.
In relation to the change proposed above under point iii, the reference to the concessions PuliB and Armero is no longer of relevance, as Interoil no longer holds these concessions.
The amendments proposed in relation of the approval of the Transaction are subject to the closing of the Transaction.

2

2.

PROPOSED AMDENDMENTS TO THE BOND AGREEMENT

2.1 Introduction

The Issuer will propose that the Bondholders agree to the necessary amendments of the Bond Agreement in order to implement the proposals set out in section 1 above. Approving these proposals will require the Bondholders to adopt the specific, interdependent amendments to the Bond Agreement (such proposed changes together referred to as the "Proposal") described in this section 2.

2.2 New notice period

The Issuer proposes the following change in the Bond Agreement to reduce the number of days to summon for a Bondholders' Meeting during the refinancing process:

Clause 16.2.4 first sentence shall be amended as follows:

"For a period o f 6 - six - months from the date o f signing o f the Amendment Agreement No. 5, summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 5 - five - Business Days prior to the Bondholders ' Meeting. Following this six month period, summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - t e n - Business Days prior to the Bondholders 'Meeting. "

2.3 Approval of the Transaction

The Issuer proposes that the Bondholders approve the divestment of LATAM by giving all necessary waivers and approvals.

This includes a waiver of Clause 13.3 (h) and 13.6 (b), cf. 13.7 (a), with respect to the sale, and waiver of any other applicable provision (including releasing any pledges).

The Issuer proposes the following change in the Bond Agreement in order to align the Bond Agreement with the group structure after the Transaction:

Clause 1.1 shall be amended as follows:

The definition of "Guarantees" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended by deleting "...North Oil Services S.A.C.f.

The definition of "Hydrocarbon Resources" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended to read as follows:

"Hydrocarbon Resources" means the 70% owner share and operatorship in the producing concession Puli-C.

The definition of "Subsidiaries" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended to read as follows:

3

"Subsidiaries " means, for the purpose o f this Bond Agreement, the following directly and indirectly 100% subsidiaries o f the Issuer:

(i) UP Colombia Holding AS (Norway) (registration no. 912 384 551) being a 100% owned subsidiary o f the Issuer;
(ii) Interoil Colombia Exploration & Production Inc (British Virgin Island) (which for the avoidance o f doubt shall include the branch Interoil Colombia Exploration & Production Inc (Colombia)), being a 100% owned subsidiary o f UP Colombia Holding AS.

The definition of "Preferred Senior Debt Borrowers" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended by deleting "... Interoil Peru S.A. and...".

The definition of "Share Charge" under Clause 1.1 shall be amended by deleting "...North Oil Services S.A.C...

Clause 13.6 (cf) shall be amended by deleting ".. .Perupetro and..."

If the Transaction has not been closed before 31 December 2014, no amendments to the Bond Agreement shall be made pursuant to this section 2.3.

3.

COMPANY UPDATE

For access to the latest quarterly reports and other recent presentations, please visit the Company's web site www.interoil.no, or www.newsweb .no for stock exchange announcements.

4.

EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL

4.1 The Issuer's evaluation The Issuer is of the opinion that the Proposal is in the best interest of the Bondholders.

The Transaction IOP's right to operate the blocks III and IV expires in April 2015 and IOP does not expect to obtain any extension of this right beyond this date. Furthermore, all cash generated from the current date until the date of license expiry will for IOP need to be retained in Peru in order to meet all commitments. The upside to IOP is thus limited. After the expiry of the license agreements, the Company would therefore have to either consider liquidation of IOP or pursue divestment opportunities. The political resistance and scrutiny IOP is facing in Peru makes it difficult to operate in the country, and IOP is facing several potential contingencies. As the potential contingencies pertaining to IOP are uncertain, the Issuer is of the opinion that the Transaction will facilitate a sustainable refinancing solution or other strategic options for the Company.

The Company is of the opinion that the Transaction will enable the Company to discontinue its operations in Peru in an orderly fashion, without any material contingencies pertaining to
4

the Company. The Company has issued a parent company guarantee in favour of Perapetro, under which the Company guarantees for IOP's fulfilment of the work program for blocks III and IV. According to the transaction agreement, UOC assumes all liability towards Peruvian authorities in relation to the obligations under the license agreements, including the obligations under the parent company guarantee, and shall indemnify and hold the Company harmless for any liability arising in relation to the parent company guarantee. Should IOP and UOC in any case not honour its obligations in relation to the assumption of the guarantee, the expected liability for the Company in such case is approximately USD 1 800 000.

New notice period As stated above, the Company has initiated a refinancing process. As such processes can be demanding and require flexibility in relation to summons to Bondholders' Meetings, Interoil is of the opinion that a reduction of number of days to summon to a meeting will give a more flexible solution for all parties. This reduction will be applicable for a limited period of six months, after which the Company expects that the refinancing process will be completed.
Bondholders may for further information contact Erik Sandøy (email: esandoy@interoil.no).

4.2 The Bond Trustee's evaluation

The Proposal described herein is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable and vote accordingly.

5.

SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS

Based on the above information, the Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting (the "Bondholders' Meeting"):

Time: Place:

17 November 2014 13:00 hours (Oslo time) The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA Haakon VII's gate 1 - 6th floor, Oslo, Norway

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons 2. Approval of the agenda 3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman 4. Request for consent to waiver and amendments to certain Clauses in the Bond
Agreement: a. Amendment as described in 2.2 b. Waiver and amendments as described in 2.3

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting under agenda item 4 resolve the following:

5

"The Bondholders' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in item 2 o f the summons, and, consequently, the Bond Agreement shall be deemed amended as required to complete the amendments and all waivers necessary shall be deemed to have been given. The Bond Trustee is hereby authorised to complete the negotiation o f form, terms, conditions and timing in relation to the Proposal, without any obligation to notify the Bondholders as providedfor in Clause 16.2 o f the Bond Agreement. Further, the Bond Trustee is given power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agi'eements in connection with documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders ' Meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including making amendments to the Bond Agreement and enter into an addendum agreement to the Bond Agreement."
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 1/2 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to form a quorum, at least 1/2 of the Voting Bonds must be presented at the meeting.
Attached hereto is a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), which indicates your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by email (as set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely, Nordic Trustee ASA
Lars Erik Laerum Enclosure:
VPS Statement / Power of attorney form
6

