NO RSK TILLITSM ANN ASA

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.

To the bondholders in:

ISIN: NO 001 037822.7 - FRN Wega Mining ASA Callable Loan 2007/2012

Oslo, 26 March 2008

Waiver of financial covenants - Notice from Bondholders' Meeting
On 26 March 2008 a Bondholders' meeting was held pursuant to summons of 13 March 2008 regarding a waiver of financial covenants.
There where sufficient Bondholders present at the meeting to form at quorum. The proposed resolution obtained 91.26 % of the votes, and the proposal was adopted according to the voting requirements of the Bond Agreement. The Bond Agreement will therefore be subject to the following amendments:

1. The Bondholders grant a waiver of the relevant covenants in the Loan Agreement to allow for thefollowing security interests, as defined above, to be established:

a) the Societe Share, b) the Newco Share Pledge c) the Newco Asset Pledge d) the Newco Guarantee and e) the Account Pledge.

The security interests may be established directly in the new company structure o f the Borrower.

2. For as long as the waiver is in effect the Borrower undertake to

a) ensure that Newco's only assets are the shares in Societe and bank accounts, b) ensure that Newco does not undertake any liabilities other than the New'co
Guarantee, c) to ensure that Societe and Newco each year flow up the maximum o f cash alloM>ed
under the Bank Facility agreement to the Borrower.

3. Provided that the Bondholders ' meeting approve the proposed M>aivers, the Bondholders

are to receive a one-time waiver fee o f 0.50% (flat) o f the face value o f their Bonds. The

record date o f the waiver fee will be the end o f business day on the day after the

Bondholders 'meeting, and. will be due six Banking Days after the Bondholders meeting.

M A ILIN G ADDRESS · P.O.BOX 147O VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LOCATION @ HAAKON VII GATE I, O SLO, NORWAY

pho n e ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax +47 22 87 94 10 o r g. nr © no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail · mai l @t rust ee. no

NO RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
4. The Loan Trustee is granted power o f attorney to make any amendments o f the Loan Agreement and may on behalf o f the Bondholders enter into any agreement necessary as to accomplish thefacilitating o f the above resolution.
The Bondholders may obtain a copy of the minutes from the meeting by request to Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Elise Breivik

