NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.trustee.no
Dertne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 040401.5 -FRN Krill Seaproducts AS Callable Senior Secured Bond Issue 2007/2010
Oslo, 2 April 2009
PROPOSED CARVE OUT IN LOAN SECURITY - NEW FINANCIAL DEBT POSTPONED MATURITY AND INTEREST PAYMENTS - CONVERSION RIGHT SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee" or "Norsk Tillitsmann") is appointed as loan trustee for the above mentioned Bond issue (the "Loan") issued by Krill Seaproducts AS (the "Borrower" or the "Company").
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement related to the Loan (the "Loan Agreement") or in this summons unless otherwise stated.
The Borrower has appointed Feamley Fonds ASA as its financial advisor (the "Advisor") in the restructuring process.
The information in this summons regarding the Borrower and market conditions are provided by the Borrower, and the Loan Trustee and the Advisor expressly disclaim all liability whatsoever related to such information.
Reference is made to the previous summons dated 25 March 2009 regarding an extended grace period for the interest payment due on 18 March 2009. This summons contains a proposal from the Borrower for a more comprehensive and longer term solution to the tight liquidity situation of the Borrower.
BACKGROUND
The Borrower has informed the Loan Trustee of the following;
The Borrower has encountered cost overruns on the construction project of the harvesting and factoring vessel MS Thorshovdi. According to the Borrower the total estimated capital expenditure ("CAPEX") of the project has increased by NOK 285,000,000 from a total of NOK 525,000,000 to a total of NOK 810,000,000 including working capital.

M AILING ADDRESS @ P.O .BO X I47O VIKA, N -O Il6 OSLO

LOCATION @ HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

phone ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax @ +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr © no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail @ mail@trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
Part of the CAPEX increase has already been covered by a capital injection of NOK 128,482,000 by existing shareholders, partly through a convertible loan of NOK 113,482,000 (the "Shareholder Convertible Loan") and partly through new convertible loan of NOK 15,000,000 (the "Liquidity Convertible Loan") on March 26th2009. The Borrower has a signed term sheet from Innovasjon Norge as a first priority debt of NOK 100,000,000. The Borrower is also in close dialog with other financial institutions for NOK 80,000,000. With this financing the Borrower is confident that it will be able to complete the vessel and have the working capital needed for the first period of operation.
For more detailed information, please contact Fearnley Fonds ASA (Advisor), or the Borrower.
PROPOSAL
The Borrower proposes the following amendments of the Loan Agreement (the "Proposal"):
Deferred payment of interest
(a) Payment of interest accrued under the Loan and payable on 17 March 2009 and 17 June 2009, respectively, shall be deferred and become payable twelve (12) months after their original Interest Payment Dates.
(b) Payment of interest accrued under the Loan and payable on 17 September 2009 shall be deferred and become payable three (3) months after the original Interest Payment Date.
Interest payable under (a) and (b) above shall be calculated on the basis of the current coupon rate of the Loan and be accumulated on each Interest Payment Date as defined in the Loan Agreement.
Extension of final maturity
The final Maturity Date for the Loan shall be extended from 17 December 2010 until 17 December 2012.
Partly convertible bonds
The Loan shall be divided into two (2) bond loans as follows:
(a) convertible bonds in the aggregate amount of NOK 57 million (the "Convertible Bonds"); and
(b) ordinary bonds in the aggregate amount of NOK 288 million (the "Ordinary Bonds").

2 -

-

N ORSK TILLITSM A N N ASA
The Convertible Bonds and the Ordinary Bonds shall be governed by the same covenants and undertakings, however so that the bondholders in the Convertible Bonds shall have the option to convert their Convertible Bonds into new shares in the Company amounting to, in the aggregate, up to 25% of the total amount of shares in the Company on a fully diluted basis. For the avoidance of doubt talcing into account, inter alia 40,000 shares to be distributed to employees and owners, 186,000 warrants issued at strike price NOK 300, and the shareholder loans amounting to NOK 113,482,000 (the "Shareholder Convertible Loans") which shall to be converted into equity at a subscription price of NOK 145.5. The conversion right shall be subject to ordinary dilution protection. However, any equity raised as part of the Remaining Funding (as defined below) and/or conversion of the Liquidity Convertible Loan will not be subject to dilution protection, and will be issued at a subscription price of minimum the conversion price of the Convertible Bonds.
Committed Debt, Carve-out for new secured debt and Security
(a) The Company has received committed financing from Innovasjon Norge in the amount of up to NOK 100 million, subject to the (i) Innovasjon Norge receiving first priority security and (ii) the Company securing additional funding for remaining capital and operational expenditure in the amount of minimum NOK 80 million (the "Remaining Funding") within 30 April 2009. The Remaining Funding shall be provided by one or more commercial banks and shall be provided on terms similar to the financing from Innovasjon Norge
(b) The Loan Agreement (and the related security documents) shall be amended so as to allow for new additional secured debt as referred to in a) above being incurred by the Company in the amount of up to NOK 180 million and for such new debt to be secured with first priority (ranking ahead of the Bond Loan).
(c) The Company may not incur secured or senior debt other than the NOK 180 million referred to in a) above and the Loan.
(d) The Company may incur fully subordinated debt if otherwise in compliance with the terms of the Loan Agreement (as amended) on further terms of subordination approved by Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
(e) The Remaining Funding shall be secured before 30 April 2009. If the Remaining Funding is funded wholly or partly by equity, then the price per share shall be equal to the conversion price for the Convertible Bonds.
(f) All security granted to Innovasjon Norge or for the Remaining Funding shall also be security for the Convertible Bonds and the Ordinary Bonds.
Other terms unchanged
The Company shall enter into (a) an amendment agreement to the Loan Agreement with Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, and (b) a new convertible bond loan agreement reflecting the amendments set out herein. All other terms of the Loan Agreement shall remain unchanged.

3 -

-

Conditions

· N O R SK TILLITSM A N N ASA

The changes to the Loan Agreement shall be subject to:
(a) The Liquidity Convertible Loan amounting to NOK 15 000 000 being converted into equity by 30 April 2009 at a subscription price of conversion price for the Convertible Bonds The Innovation Norge loan of NOK 100 million being made available to the Borrower.

(b) The Remaining Funding of NOK 80 million being made available to the Borrower* If the Remaining Funding is raised in the form of equity, the subscription price shall be equal to the conversion price of the Convertible Bonds.

(c) All Shareholder Convertible Loans amounting to NOK 113,482,000 million being converted into equity at a subscription price of NOK 145.5.

(d) The Borrower undertaking not to raise any lurther secured or senior debt.

BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

To enable the Borrower to conduct the proposed change of the Loan Agreement, the Borrower has requested the Loan Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.

According to the Borrower, the Proposal has been discussed with major Bondholders who have expressed that they are positive to the Proposal.

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Loan Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

16 April 2009 at 14:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5,h floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Loan Agreement:

4 -

-

m f ® N O R SK T ILLITSM A N N ASA
It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:
1) The Bondholders accept Proposal as set out in the summons to this Bondholders *meeting.
2) The Loan Trustee is granted the power to make any amendments o f the Loan Agreement and may on behalfo f the Bondholders enter into any agreement necessary as to implement the Proposal The Loan Trustee is also granted the authority, on behalfo f the Bondholders, to agree to any minor adjustment to the Proposal
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 5/10 of Outstanding Loan (voting Bonds) must be represented at the meeting. If the Proposal is not adopted, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.

Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

5 -

-

