5 February 2018
EIKA BOLIGKREDITT AS
Issue of NOK 600 000 000 due to 8 February 2033 under the 20,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) of the VPS Notes set forth in the Offering Circular dated 13 October 2017 which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive (the Offering Circular). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of this combination of these Final Terms and the Offering Circular. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange at www.ise.ie

1.

Issuer:

2.

(a) Series Number:

(b) Tranche Number:

Eika Boligkreditt AS 54 1

(c) Date on which the Notes will be Not Applicable consolidated and form a single Series:

3.

Specified Currency or Currencies:

4.

Aggregate Nominal Amount:

(a) Series:

(b) Tranche:

5. Issue Price:

6.

(a) Specified Denominations:

Norwegian Kroner ("NOK")
NOK 600,000,000 NOK 600,000,000 99.75 per cent, of the Aggregate Nominal Amount NOK 1,000,000

(b) Calculation Amount

NOK 1,000,000

7.

(a) Issue Date:

(b) Interest Commencement Date:

8. Maturity Date:

8 February 2018 8 February 2018 8 February 2033

9.

(a) Extended Final Maturity:

(b) Extended Final Maturity Date:

10. Interest Basis: 11. Redemption/Payment Basis:
12. Change of Interest Basis: 13. Put/Call Options: 14. Date Board approval for issuance of Notes

Applicable
8 February 2034
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to February 2034; in each case falling one year after the Maturity Date.
2.67 per cent. Fixed rate from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the Maturity Date. Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent of their nominal amount.
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions

Applicable

(a) Rate(s) of Interest: (b) Interest Payment Date

2.67 per cent. Fixed rate from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.
8 February in each year up to and including the Maturity Date. First interest payment will be 8 February 2019

(c) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): (d) Broken Amount(s): (e) Day Count Fraction: (f) Determination Date(s):

NOK 26,700 per Calculation Amount Not Applicable 30/360, unadjusted Not Applicable

16. Floating Rate Note Provisions 17. Extended Maturity Interest Provisions

Not Applicable
Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date (if applicable)

(a) Fixed Rate (b) Floating Rate

Not Applicable Applicable

(i) Specified

Period(s)/Specified The period from and including the Maturity

Interest Payment Dates:

Date to but excluding the first Specified

Interest Payment Date and, thereafter, each

period from and including a Specified

Interest Payment Date.

Interest will be payable quarterly in arrears on 8 Februaiy, 8 May, 8 August, 8 November in each year from and excluding the interest commencement Date to and including the Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention below.

(ii) Business Day Convention:

Modified Following Business Day Convention, adjusted

(iii) Additional Business Centre(s):

Not Applicable

(iv) Manner in which the Rate of ISDA Determination Interest and Interest Amount is to be determined:

(v) Party responsible for calculating the Not Applicable Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):

(vi) Screen Rate Determination:

Not Applicable

(vii) ISDA Determination:

·

Floating Rate Option:

NIBOR

·

Designated Maturity:

3 months

·

Reset Date:

The first day of each Interest Period

(viii) Margin(s): (ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: (x) Maximum Rate of Interest: (xi) Day Count Fraction:

+ 0.48 per cent, per annum Not Applicable Not Applicable Actual/360

18. Zero Coupon Note Provisions

Not Applicable

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

19. Issuer Call:

Not Applicable

20. Investor Put:

Not Applicable

21. Final Redemption Amount:

100 per Calculation Amount

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

22. Form of Notes: (a) Form:

VPS Notes issued in uncertificated bookentry form

(b) New Global Note: 23. Additional Financial Centre(s):

Not Applicable Not Applicable

Signed on beha f of EikaBpligkreditt AS Duly authorised

PART B - OTHER INFORMATION

LISTING

(i) Listing and Admission to trading: Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange's Regulated Market with effect from the Issue Date.

(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to to be advised admission to trading:

RATINGS

Ratings:

The Notes to be issued have been rated

Aaa by Moody's Investors Service Limited

Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).

INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business

YIELD (FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY)

Indication of yield:

2.67 per cent fixed rate p.a.

OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

(i) ISDM:

N00010815376

(ii) Common Code:

1081537

(iii) Any clearing system(s) other than

Euroclear,

Clearstream, Verdipapirsentralen, Norway.

Luxembourg or Swiss Securities

Services Corporation and the VPS Identification number 985 140 421

relevant identification number(s):

(iv) Names and addresses of additional Not Applicable Paying Agent(s) (if any):

(v) Intended to be held in a manner Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means

which would allow Eurosystem that the Notes are intended upon issue to be

eligibility:

deposited with one of the ICSDs as common

safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the

Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

6. DISTRIBUTION

(i) U.S. Selling Restrictions:

TEFRA D

(ii) Prohibition of Sale to EEARetail Investors: Applicable

(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):

Not Applicable

