Bond Agreement

Nordic Trustee ASA

Entered into: between the Issuer: Company No. and the Bond Trustee: Company No. on behalf of the Bondholders in: with ISIN:

08 April 2016 Protector Forsikring ASA 985 279 721 Nordic Trustee ASA 963 342 624 FRN Protector Forsikring ASA Callable Subordinated Bond Issue 2016/2046 NO 0010762917

The Issuer undertakes to issue the Bonds in accordance with the terms set forth in this Bond Agreement.

1. Terms of the Issue

The terms o f the Issue are as follows, supplemented by the definitions and clarifications set forth in Section 2:

Maximum Amount:

NA

Initial Amount:

500,000,000

Face Value:

1,000,000

Currency:

NOK (Norwegian Krone)

Issue Date:

19 April 2016

Maturity Date:

19 April 2046

Redemption Price:

100 % of Face Value

Call:

Ordinary call:

Call price = Redemption Price

19 April 2021 (the "First

Call Date"), and on any

Coupon Date thereafter.

Put: Coupon Accrual Date: Coupon: Reference Rate: Margin: Coupon Date: Day Count Fraction: Business Day Convention: Listing: Exchange:

Regulatory call: See Clause 3.8.3

NA

NA

Issue Date

Reference Rate + Margin

3 months (NIBOR)

3,70 percentage points p.a.

19 January, 19 April, 19 July and 19 October each year.

Actual/360

Modified Following

YES

Oslo Bors

1

3 Cf

Nordic Trustee ASA

2. Clarifications and definitions

When, used in this Bond Agreement, the following words and terms shall have the following meaning and definition:

Applicable Regulations:
Arrears of Interest: Attachment: Bankruptcy Event:
Bond Agreement: Bond Trustee: Bondholder: Bondholders' Meeting: Bonds: Business Day: Business Day Convention:

Any legislation, rules or regulations (whether having the force of law, regulations or otherwise) applying to the Issuer from time to time implementing the Directive 2009/13 8/EC o f 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of business of Insurance and Re-insurance (Solvency II directive) into Norwegian law, including, without limitation, the Norwegian Solvency II regulation of 25 August 2015 which entered into force in Norway on 1 January 2016 and the other applicable implementing measures adopted pursuant to the Solvency II directive (as amended from time to time) which are in force in Norway from time to time. Any interest not paid on an Optional Interest Payment Date or a Mandatory Interest Date as set forth in Clause 3.6.3. Any attachments to this Bond Agreement. A decision by the Ministry of Finance that the Issuer shall become subject to public administration (No: Offentlig administrasjon) according to the Act on Financial Undertakings (Act 10 April 2015 no. 17) (NO: Finansforetaksloven) chapter 21, as amended from time to time. This agreement including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the parties hereto. Nordic Trustee ASA or its successor(s). Holder o f Bond(s) as registered in the Securities Register. Meeting o f Bondholders as set forth in Section 5 of this Bond Agreement. Securities issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement and which is registered in the Securities Register, each a "Bond". Any day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions. Convention for adjusting any relevant payment date ("Payment Date") if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day; (i) If Modified Business Day is specified, the applicable
Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day. (ii) If Modified Following Business Day is specified, the
applicable Payment Date shall be the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date shall be the first preceding Business Day. (iii) If No Adjustment is specified, the applicable Coupon Payment Date shall not be adjusted even if that day is not a Business Day (payments shall be made on the first following Business Day).

22

Call: Capital Disqualification Event:
Capital Requirement Breach: Compulsory Interest Payment Date:
Coupon:
Coupon Accrual Date: Coupon Date: Currency: Day Count Fraction:

Nordic Trustee ASA
Issuer's early redemption as set forth in Clause 3.8 (Optional Redemption). An event which occurs if, as a result of any replacement of or change to (or change to the interpretation by any court or authority entitled to do so of) the Applicable Regulation which becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, the Bonds or part of the Bonds are no longer eligible in accordance with the Applicable Regulations to count as cover for the capital or solvency requirements (however such terms are described from time to time in the Applicable Regulations) for the Issuer whether on a single or consolidated basis, except where in the case such non qualification is only a result of any applicable limitation on the amount o f such capital. A breach of the applicable capital requirements or solvency requirements from time to time (as such requirements are defined) under the Applicable Regulations. Any Coupon Date, other than a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date, where a decision o f payment o f any distribution or dividend or other payment (including payment in relation to redemption or repurchase) on or in respect o f any Junior Obligations has been made by the Issuer during the six months immediately preceding such Coupon Date. Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; (i) If the Coupon is stated in percentage points, the Bonds
shall bear interest at this rate per annum (based on the Day Count Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including the Coupon Accrual Date to the Maturity Date. (ii) If the Coupon is stated as Reference Rate + Margin the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin (based on the Day Count Fraction set forth in Section 1), from and including the Coupon Accrual Date to the first Coupon Date, and thereafter from and including each Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date until Maturity Date. The date on which interest on the Bond starts to accrue. If NA is specified, Coupon Accrual Date does not apply. Date(s) on which the payment of Coupon falls due. The Coupon Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. The currency in which the Bonds are denominated. The convention for calculation of payment of Coupon. (i) If 30/360 is specified, the number of days in the relevant coupon period shall be calculated from and including the Coupon Accrual Date/Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date on basis of a year of 360 days with 12 months of 30 days divided by 360, unless (a) the last day in the relevant coupon period is the 31s1calendar day but the first day of the relevant coupon period is a day other than the 30th or the 31stday o f a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the relevant coupon period is the last calendar day in February, in which case February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day

Event of Default: Exchange:
Face Value: First Call Date: Initial Amount: ISIN: Issue: Issue Date: Issuer: Issuer's Bonds:
Issuer Supervisor:
Junior Obligations:
Listing:
Mandatory Deferral: Mandatory Interest Deferral Date:

Nordic Trustee ASA
month. (ii) If Actual/360 is specified, the actual number of days in the
relevant coupon period shall be from and including the Coupon Accrual Date/Coupon Date to the next Coupon Date. The number of davs shall be divided by 360. No event of default, cf. Clause 3.10.
Exchange or other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the Issuer has, or has applied for, listing of the Bonds. If NA is specified, the terms of this Bond Agreement covering Exchange do not apply. The face value o f each Bond. 19 April 2021. The amount equal to the aggregate Face Value o f the Bonds (minimum) issued on the Issue Date. The identification number of the Bonds (International Securities Identification Number). The issue of Bonds pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The date of the first Issue. If Maximum Amount is NA the first issue is the only issue of Bonds. The person or entity that has issued the Bonds and is the borrower (debtor). Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence. The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer. Means (i) the Issuer's share capital, or (ii) any other obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Bonds issued by the Issuer. Indicates listing of the Bonds. If YES is specified, the Issuer shall submit an application in order to have the Bonds listed on the Exchange(s). If NO is specified, no obligation for listing applies, but the Issuer may, at its own discretion, apply for listing. Shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 3.7.1.
Each Coupon Date immediately following (i) the date as o f which the Issuer's most recent quarterly report to the Issuer Supervisor disclosed that a Capital Requirement Breach has occurred, or there is a risk that a Capital Requirement Breach or a Bankruptcy Event would occur as a result of the payment of interest, provided that such Coupon Date shall not be a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date if, since the date o f publication of such report, the Issuer has remedied the Capital Requirement Breach and that no such event will occur as a result o f the interest payment, and/or (ii) the occurrence of any event which under the Applicable Regulations would require the Issuer to defer or suspend payment of interest in respect of the Bonds (unless Issuer Supervisor has waived such requirement). Notwithstanding that a Coupon Date may be a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date, interest may still be paid on that
4

Nordic Trustee ASA

Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date: Margin: Maturity Date: Maximum Amount:
NIBOR:
Optional Interest Deferral Date: Optional Redemption:
Outstanding Bonds: Parity Obligations: Paying Agent: Rating Agency: Rating Agency Event:

relevant Coupon Date to the extent permitted under, and in accordance with, Applicable Regulations. Any date in respect of which a Capital Requirement Breach has occurred and is continuing or would occur if the payment o f the relevant redemption amount otherwise due was made on such date.
Margin expressed in percentage points to be added to the Reference Rate (if the Margin is negative, it shall be deducted from the Reference Rate). If NA is specified, no Margin applies. The date on which the Bonds fall due. The Maturity Date shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. Amount stating the maximum aggregate Face Value of Bonds which may be issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement. If NA is specified, the aggregate Face Value of the Bonds issued may not exceed the amount specified as the Initial Amount. (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) Interest rate fixed for a defined period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 Oslo time. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the Reference Rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate as the initial Reference Rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the Reference Rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. Any Coupon Date which is not a Compulsory Interest Payment Date or a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date. Issuer's Call pursuant to Clause 3.8 (Optional Redemption) and the dates stated therein at the Redemption Price. The relevant redemption dates shall be adjusted pursuant to the Business Day Convention. The aggregate value of the total number o f Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged in the Securities Register. Any obligations o f the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank pari passu with the Bonds.
The entity acting as registrar for the Bonds in the Securities Register and paying agent on behalf o f the Issuer in the Securities Register.
Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division of the McGraw Hill Companies, Inc., or any successor thereof.
If and when the Bonds are rated by a Rating Service, a change in the rating methodology, or in the interpretation of such methodology, as the case may be, becoming effective after the Issue Date, as a result of which the capital treatment assigned by a Rating Agency to the Bonds or part thereof, as notified by such Rating Agency to the Issuer or as published by such Rating Agency, becomes, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, materially unfavourable for the Issuer, when compared to the capital treatment assigned by such Rating Agency to the Bonds, as notified by such Rating Agency to the Issuer or as published by

Redemption Notice: Redemption Price: Reference Rate: Reset Date: Securities Register: Taxation Event:
Voting Bonds:

Nordic Trustee ASA
such Rating Agency, on or around the Issue Date. The written notification of exercise of an Optional Redemption as set forth in Clause 3.8.2. the Face Value of the Bonds, subject to any adjustment following
a R eduction o f A m ounts o f Principal, p lu s accrued and unpaid
interest, including Arrears of Interest (if any). NIBOR rounded to the nearest hundredth of a percentage point on each Reset Date, for the period stated. If NIBOR becomes negative NIBOR shall be deemed to be zero. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does not apply. Dates on which the Coupon is fixed for the subsequent coupon period for Bonds where Reference Rate applies. The first Reset Date is two Business Days before the Coupon Accrual Date. Thereafter the Reset Date is two Business Days prior to each Coupon Date. The securities register in which the Bonds are registered. An event which occurs as a result of any amendment to, clarification of or change (including any announced prospective change) in the laws or treaties (or regulations thereunder) of Norway affecting taxation (including any change in the interpretation by any court or authority entitled to do so) or any govermnental action, on or after the Issue Date, and there is a substantial risk that:
(i) The Issuer is, or will be, subject to more than a significant material amount of other taxes, duties or other governmental charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Bonds;
(ii) The treatment of any of the Issuer's items of income or expense with respect to the Bonds as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Issuer to more than a significant material amount of additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges; or
(iii) The Issuer would be required to gross up interest payments.
Outstanding Bonds less Issuer's Bonds.

6

3. Other terms of the Issue

Nordic Trustee ASA

3.1. The purpose of the Issue
3.1.1. The purpose of the Issue is to have the Bonds quality as Tier 2 Capital (basic own funds) of the Issuer for the puipose o f the Applicable Regulations and as determined by the Issuer Supervisor.
3.2. Listing and prospectus
3.2.1. In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, matters concerning the listing requiring the approval of the Bondholders shall be resolved pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement.
3.2.2. In the event that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, the Issuer shall submit the documents and the information necessary to maintain the listing.
3.2.3. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement shall be incorporated in any prospectus and other subscription or information materials related to the Bonds.
3.3. Status
3.3.1. The Bonds will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer, and will in connection with a Bankruptcy Event o f the Issuer rank: (a) pari passu without any preference among the Bonds; (b) pari passu with all outstanding Parity Obligations; (c) in priority to payments to creditors in respect of Junior Obligations; (d) junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of (i) policyholders of the Issuer and (ii) any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer.
3.4. Security
3.4.1. The Bonds are unsecured.
3.5. Payments
3.5.1. On each Coupon Date the Issuer shall, subject to the provisions of Clause 3.6, pay in arrears the accrued Coupon amount to the Bondholders.
3.5.2. Redemption at Maturity Subject to the provisions on Issuer deferral of redemption date, satisfaction of the preconditions to redemption, purchases, variation and substitution and to receiving the prior approval o f the Issuer Supervisor (if required), unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer will redeem the Bonds at their principal amount on the Maturity Date together with any Arrears of Interest (if payable) and any other accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the Maturity Date.
3.5.3. Amounts payable to the Bondholders by the Issuer shall be available to the Bondholders on the date the amount is due pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

7

Nordic Trustee ASA

3.6. Deferral of Coupons

3.6.1. Optional Deferral of Interest
The Issuer may on any Optional Interest Deferral Date defer payment of all (but not only s o m e )-o fth e G o u p o n -a cc ru e d -b u tu n p a id to th a td a te ^ -----------------------------------------------

3.6.2. Mandatory Deferral o f Interest
The Issuer will on any Mandatory Interest Deferral Date by notice to the Bond Trustee (together with a certificate signed by authorised signatories of the Issuer confirming the relevant Coupon Payment Date is a Mandatory Coupon Deferral Date) defer payment of all (but not only some) o f the Coupon accrued but unpaid to that date.

3.6.3.

Payment of Deferred Interest
(i) Arrears of Interest may, at the option o f the Issuer, be paid in whole or in part at the next Coupon Date which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date.
(ii) Arrears of Interest shall, subject to prior approval from the Issuer Supervisor (to the extent required under the Applicable Regulations), be paid in whole on a date which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date at the earliest of:
(a) the next Coupon Date which is a Compulsory Interest Payment Date or seven (7) days after the date when the requirements for a Compulsory Interest Payment Date would be deemed to be satisfied, if such date falls earlier than the next Interest Payment Date;
(b) the date of any redemption o f the Bonds in accordance with the terms and conditions for the Bonds;
(c) the date of a Bankruptcy Event; or
(d) the date on which the Issuer pays, or any other person declares or pays, any distribution or dividend or makes any payment (including payment in relation to redemption or repurchase) on or in respect of any Junior Obligations or Parity Obligations, or the date on which any dividend or other distribution on or payment (including payment in relation to redemption or repurchase) on or in respect of the Issuer's share capital is paid.

3.6.4 Interest will not accrue on Arrears o f Interest.

3.7. Mandatory Deferral

3.7.1.

No Bonds shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date, or prior to the Maturity Date pursuant to the relevant provisions on Optional Redemption, if the date set for redemption is a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date and redemption shall be deferred ("Mandatory Deferral"). Any failure to pay principal due to a Mandatory Deferral shall not constitute a default by the Issuer for any purpose, provided that nothing shall be construed to permit the Issuer to defer any principal otherwise due and payable except under the circumstances specified in the definition o f Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date.

3.7.2. Notwithstanding that the date set for redemption may be a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date, the Bonds may be redeemed and the relevant redemption amount may still be paid to the extent permitted under, and in accordance with, the Applicable Regulations.

3.7.3. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) and the Paying Agent no later than five (5) Business Days prior to any date set for redemption of the
8

Nordic Trustee ASA
Bonds if such redemption is to be deferred, provided that if the conditions to the date set for redemption being a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date are satisfied less than five (5) Business Days prior to the date set for redemption, the Issuer shall give notice of such deferral as soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence of such event.

3.7.4.

If redemption of the Bonds does not occur on the Maturity Date or, as appropriate, the date specified in the relevant Redemption Notice by the Issuer, as a result of a Mandatory Deferral the Issuer shall (subject, in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii) below only, to the provisions o f subordination and to receiving the prior approval o f the Issuer Supervisor (if required)), redeem such Bonds at their principal amount together with any Arrears of Interest and any other accrued and unpaid interest, upon the earliest of:

(a) the date falling ten (10) Business Days after the first date which immediately follows the date set for redemption and which is not a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date (unless such 10th Business Day is itself a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date, in which case this paragraph will apply mutatis mutandis to determine the due date for redemption of the Bonds); or
(b) the date falling ten (10) Business Days after the Issuer Supervisor has agreed to the repayment or redemption of the Bonds; or
(c) the date on which order for the liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration is made,

and the Issuer shall give the Redemption Notice to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the bondholders) and the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence of the relevant event triggering such redemption.

3.7.5.

If the Mandatory Deferral provisions do not apply, but redemption of the Bonds does not occur on the Maturity Date or, as appropriate, the date specified in the relevant Redemption Notice by the Issuer because the Issuer was not or would not be solvent, subject to receiving the prior approval o f the Issuer Supervisor (if required), such Bonds shall be redeemed at their principal amount together with any Arrears of Interest and any other accrued and unpaid interest on the 10th Business Day immediately following the day that (A) the Issuer is solvent and (B) the redemption of the Bonds would not result in the Issuer ceasing to be solvent, provided that if such Business Day specified for redemption is a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date, then the Bonds shall not be redeemed on such date and the provisions above shall apply mutatis mutandis to determine the due date for redemption of the Bonds.

3.7.6.

At the same time as delivering any notice of deferral of redemption to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders), the Issuer shall send to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by two Directors o f the Issuer confirming that the relevant date set for redemption is or is not (as applicable) a Mandatory Redemption Deferral Date. Any such certificate shall, in the absence of manifest error, be treated and accepted by the Issuer, the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) and all other interested parties as correct and sufficient evidence thereof, shall be binding on all such persons and the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate without liability to any person.

3.8. Optional Redemption (Issuer's Call Option)

3.8.1.

The Issuer may on the First Call Date or any Coupon Date thereafter, if the Issuer provided satisfactory evidence to the holders of the Bonds, represented by the Bond Trustee, that (i) in the opinion of the Issuer Supervisor no Capital Requirement Breach has occurred or is likely to occur as a result of a redemption, and (ii) the Issuer has received

9

Nordic Trustee ASA

prior consent o f the Issuer Supervisor, redeem all (but not only some only) of the outstanding Bonds at the Redemption Price, without any premium or penalty.

3.8.2.

Exercise of an Optional Redemption shall be notified in writing to the Bondholders, such notification to be sent via the Bond Trustee, through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS") with a copy to Oslo Børs at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the relevant redemption date (the "Redemption Notice").

3.8.3.

If the Issuer provides satisfactory evidence to the holders of the Bonds, represented by the Bond Trustee, that a;
(a) Capital Disqualification Event; (b) Rating Agency Event; or (c) Taxation Event;

has occurred when the Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer may subject to (i) no Capital Requirement Breach having occurred or would occur as a result of a redemption, (ii) prior consent of the Issuer Supervisor, and (iii) the provisions of Clause 3.9.3 below (as applicable), redeem all (but not only some only) of the outstanding Bonds at the Redemption Price, without premium or penalty.

3.8.4. Exercise of the Optional Redemption shall be notified by a Redemption Notice.

3.9. Preconditions to redemption, purchase, variation or substitution

3.9.1.

Prior to the publication of any Redemption Notice before the Maturity Date or any purchase, variation or substitution of the Bonds, provided that no Capital Requirement Breach has occurred or is continuing, the Issuer will be required to be in continued compliance with the applicable capital adequacy requirements and on the same date as publishing any Redemption Notice before the Maturity Date or making any purchase, variation or substitution of the Bonds the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond Trustee a certificate from any two Directors of the Issuer confirming such compliance. Any such certificate shall be conclusive evidence of such compliance (it being declared that the Bond Trustee may rely absolutely on such certification without liability to any person).

3.9.2.

Prior to the publication of any Redemption Notice or notice o f variation or substitution pursuant to any Optional Redemption by the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, Rating Agency Event or Taxation Event, the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond Trustee (A) in the case of a redemption, variation or substitution in a Taxation Event a certificate signed by two Directors stating that any or all of the requirements referred to in paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) in the definition of Taxation Event will apply on the next Coupon Date and cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, together with an opinion of independent tax counsel of recognized standing to such effect and the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence o f the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above; and (B) in the case of a redemption, variation or substitution in a Capital Disqualification Event or Rating Agency Event, a certificate signed by two Directors stating that a Capital Disqualification Event or Rating Agency Event (as applicable) has occurred and is continuing. Any such certificate shall be conclusive and binding on the Bondholders.

3.9.3. In the case of a redemption or purchase within the period of five (5) years from the Issue Date, (i) the Issuer shall deliver a statement determining that the circumstance entitling it to exercise the right of redemption or purchase was concluded or judged to have been

10

Nordic Trustee ASA
unlikely to occur at the Issue Date; and (ii) such redemption or purchase shall be funded out of the proceeds of a new issuance of capital of at least the same quality as the Bonds.
3.10. Events of default
3.10.1. The Bond Agreement shall not contain any event of default provision and the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the bondholders) may not declare any event o f default by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Bond Agreement neither on the basis o f the Bond Agreement nor on the basis of general principles of Norwegian law.
3.10.2. Bondholders may only demand prepayment in the event of a Bankruptcy Event.
4. Other terms and conditions
4.1. Conditions precedent
4.1.1. The Bond Trustee shall have received the following documentation, no later than 2 --two - Business Days prior to the Issue Date: (a) this Bond Agreement duly signed, (b) the Issuer's corporate resolution to make the Issue, (c) confirmation that the relevant individuals are authorised to sign on behalf o f the Issuer this Bond Agreement and other relevant documents in relation hereto, (Company Certificate, Power of Authority etc.), (d) the Issuer's Articles of Association, (e) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (prospectus requirements) are fulfilled, (f) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Issue, (g) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register, (h) any agreement regarding the Bond Trustee's fees and expenses as set forth in Clause 4.8.2 duly signed, (i) confirmation according to Clause 4.2.2 if applicable, (j) approval from the Issuer Supervisor regarding issuance o f Bonds in accordance with Clause 3.1 (k) any other relevant documentation presented in relation to the Issue, and (l) any statements (including legal opinions) required by the Bond Trustee regarding documentation in this Clause 4.1.1.
4.1.2. The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for the documentation as set forth in Clause 4.1.1.
4.1.3. The Issuance of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the manager of the Issue and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
11

4.2. Representations and warranties

Nordic Trustee ASA

4.2.1. At any Issue, the Issuer represents and warrants that:

(a) all information which has been presented in relation to such Issue is, to the best

--

-- knowledge o f the Issuer, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions-----

likely to effect the importance of the information as regards the evaluation o f the

Bonds, and that the Issuer has taken all reasonable measures to ensure this,

(b) the Issuer has made a valid resolution to make such Issue, and such Issue does not contravene any o f the Issuer's other liabilities, and

(c) public requirements have been fulfilled (i.a. Norwegian Securities Trading Act Chapter 7), and that any required public authorisations have been obtained.

4.2.2. The Bond Trustee may prior to any Issue require a statement from the Issuer confirming the Issuer's compliance with Clause 4.2.1.

4.3. Registration of Bonds

4.3.1. The Issuer shall continuously ensure the correct registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.4. Interest Rate Fixing

4.4.1.

If, pursuant to this Bond Agreement, the Coupon shall be adjusted during the term o f the Bonds, any adjustments shall be carried out by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Exchange shall be notified of the new Coupon applicable until the next Coupon Date.

4.5. The Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

4.5.1.

The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Bonds in any manner at any price, subject to (i) prior consent of the Issuer Supervisor, and in the case of purchase within the period of five (5) years from the Issue Date, (ii) such purchase shall be funded out of the proceeds from new issuance o f capital of at least the same quality as the Bonds (unless such requirement no longer is required under the Applicable Regulations).

4.5.2. Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer or any of its affiliates will be held by the Issuer or may be cancelled by causing such Bonds to be deleted o f the records o f the VPS.

4.6. Information covenants

4.6.1. The Issuer undertakes to:
(a) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any event which may have a material effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement,
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or change the nature o f its business,
(c) upon request, provide the Bond Trustee with its annual and interim reports and any other information reasonably required by the Bond Trustee,
(d) upon request report to the Bond Trustee the balance of Issuer's Bonds, (e) without being requested to do so, provide a copy to the Bond Trustee of any notice to
its creditors to be made according to applicable laws and regulations,

Nordic Trustee ASA
(f) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of notices to the Exchange which have relevance to the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement,
(g) without being requested to do so and without any delay, inform the Bond Trustee of any events described in Clause 3.6, 3.7, 3.8 and 3.9, and
(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
4.7. Notices

4.7.1. Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.com.

4.7.2. The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

4.8. Expenses

4.8.1.

The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfillment of its obligations hereunder, including the `preparation o f this Bond Agreement, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange, and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

4.8.2.

The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer. For financial institutions, and Norwegian governmental issuers, the annual fee will be determined according to applicable fee structure and terms and conditions presented at the Bond Trustee's web site (www.nordictrustee.com~) at the Issue Date, unless otherwise is agreed with the Bond Trustee. For other issuers a separate fee agreement will be entered into. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to insolvency or similar by the Issuer, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

4.8.3. Any public fees payable in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilling o f the obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any public fees levied on the trading of Bonds.

4.8.4. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.

Or

13

5. Bondholders' Meeting

Nordic Trustee ASA

5.1. Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

"`57171'!

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders' community in all matters regarding the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding and prevail for all Bonds.

5.2. Procedural rules for the Bondholders' Meeting

5.2.1. A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f the Voting Bonds, (c) the Bond Trustee, or (d) the Exchange.
5.2.2. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

5.2.3. If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 --ten -- Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

5.2.4.

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation o f each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

5.2.5.

The summons shall specify the agenda o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

5.2.6. The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes in the number o f Voting Bonds in the period from distribution o f the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.7. Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

5.2.8.

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

5.2.9. Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at

14

Nordic Trustee ASA
least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

5.2.10. The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and representatives of the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

5.2.11. Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

5.3. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

5.3.1.

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuer's Bonds. Issuer's Bonds have no voting rights.

5.3.2.

In all matters to be dealt with at the Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless o f the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

5.3.3. In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 5.4. Even if less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

5.3.4. Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otheiwise set forth in clause 5.3.5.

5.3.5. In the following matters, a majority o f at least 2/3 o f the votes is required:
(a) any amendment o f the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the Coupon, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow o f the Bonds.
(b) the transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (borrower), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.
5.3.6. The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

5.3.7. The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

5.3.8. The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

15

Nordic Trustee ASA

5.4. Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

5.4.1.

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 5.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

5.4.2. When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

6. The Bond Trustee

6.1. The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

6.1.1.

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, informing the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange o f relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

6.1.2.

The Bond Trustee may lake any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.1.3.

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement, which, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement, see however Clause 6.1.5.

6.1.4.

The Bond Trnstee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 6.1.3 provided prior notification to the Bondholders is given, see however Clause 6.1.5. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date of such notification.

6.1.5. The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 6.1.3 or 6.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 5.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

6.1.6. The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16

Nordic Trustee ASA
6.1.7. The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

6.1.8. The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 5.3.5.

6.2. Event of Default, termination and recovery

6.2.1.

If an Event o f Default occurs, the Bond Trustee may take any action it deems necessary in order to protect the interests o f the Bondholders, including declaring the Bonds to be in default, revoking this Bond Agreement and declaring the Bonds plus accrued interest and expenses due for payment, and initiating recovery o f all amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement.

6.2.2.

Should the Bond Trustee receive a written demand to take action as set forth in Clause 6.2.1 from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f Voting Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall take such actions unless the Bondholders' Meeting has passed a resolution for alternative solutions,

6.2.3.

The Bond Trustee shall be indemnified by the Bondholders for any results (including any expenses, costs and liabilities) o f taking action pursuant to Clause 6.2.2 or pursuant to the Bondholders' Meeting having declared the Bonds to be in default. The Bond Trustee may claim indemnity and security from the Bondholders who put forward the demand in accordance with clause 6.2.2 or voted for the adopted resolution at the Bondholders' Meeting.

6.3. Liability and indemnity

6.3.1.

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content o f information provided to the Bondholders on behalf o f the Issuer.

6.3.2.

The Issuer is liable for and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect o f all direct losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f negligence by the Issuer to fulfill its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement.

6.4. Change of Bond Trustee

6.4.1. Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 5. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

6.4.2.

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 4.9, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach o f the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

6.4.3. The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

7. General provisions
7.1. The Bondholders' community

Nordic Trustee ASA

7.1.2.

deemed to have acceded to this Bond Agreement and hereby accept that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement,
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders,
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register,
(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
This Bond Agreement shall be publicly available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer.

7.2. Dispute resolution and legal venue

7.2.1. Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Bond Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law in the Oslo District Court.

7.3. Amendments

7.3.1. Amendments of this Bond Agreement may only be made with the approval of the parties to this Agreement, with the exception of amendments as set forth under Clause 6.1.8.

7.4. Contact information

7.4.1.

The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed o f any changes in its postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
\

18

