NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann A S A
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 0551609 -11 per cent Lotos Exploration and Production Norge AS Second Priority Secured Callable Bond Issue 2009/2013
Oslo, 7 November 2011
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Request for waiver and Amendment of Bond Agreement
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as trustee for the holders o f bonds (the "Bondholders") in the " 11 per cent Lotos Exploration and Production Norge AS Second Priority Secured Callable Bond Issue 2009/2013" with ISIN NO 001 0551609 (the "Bond Issue") where Lotos Exploration and Production Norge AS (the "Lotos" or the "Company") is the issuer. All capitalized terms used herein shall, unless otherwise defined in this summons (the "Summons"), have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement for the Bond Issue (the "Bond Agreement"). The information in this summons regarding the Company and market conditions is provided by the Company, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. BACKGROUND AND COMPANY UPDATE The Company has explained that the background for the proposed changes is the delay in start-up of production of petroleum from the Field and the need to adjust the dates for payments o f interests and principal under the Bond Agreement to reflect such delay in progress. The Bondholders are encouraged to consult the Company for any further details of the Company's financial and operational status.
2. THE PROPOSAL The Company has resolved to propose to the Bondholders certain changes to the Bond Agreement and to approve the request for a waiver, and the Company has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the following proposed changes (the "Proposal");
(1) To approve the Amendment Agreement specified in A ppendix 1 to the Summons.
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo j Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard:+47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

(2) To approve to waive the requirement in the Bond Agreement Clause 16.2.4 that the Summons for the Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 Business Days before the Bondholders' Meeting, and by that to give their acceptance for the Bondholders' Meeting to be held with shorter notice than 10 days, and alternatively at the same day as the date of the Summons for the Bondholders' Meeting.

3. FURTHER INFORMATION

For more detailed information, please contact the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, Mr. Artur Socik, at tel. +47 90 97 74 65 or email: artur.socik@lotosupstream.no.

4. THE COMPANY'S EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL

4.1 The Company's evaluation

The Company considers the proposal and the changes to the terms o f the Bond Agreement as necessary in order to adjust the due dates for principal and interest with the revised schedule for when the corresponding cash flow from the Field is expected to become available to the Company. In compensation for deferral of interests from the Interest Payment Date in 2011 to the Interest Payment Date in 2012, the Fixed Rate is adjusted to reflect a compounded interest in order to avoid the Bondholders' suffering a financial loss as a result of the deferred interest payment.

4.2 Non-reliance

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

5. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time:

9 November 2011 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time),

Place:

The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval o f the Summons. 2. Approval o f the Agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the
chairman, 4. Request for adoption o f the Proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Bondholders' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in the Summons section 2.

P0 Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo j Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo
Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
The Bond Trustee is given the power o f attorney to enter into the Amendment Agreement specified in Appendix 1, the Amendment Agreement NO 1, to this Summons as well to carry out the necessary completion work, including make other related and necessary amendments to the Bond Agreement.
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour o f the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership o f the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page o f this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page o f this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
'Linn Veras
Appendix 1: Amendment Agreement
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
-3-
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate i, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

M f l i r ' ; . . '
ISIN N O 001 055160.9
Amendment Agreement NO 1 to
the Bond Agreement between
Lotos Exploration and Production Norge AS ("Issuer") and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalf of the bondholders ("Bondholders")
in bond issue 11 per cent Lotos Exploration and Production Norge AS Second Priority
Secured Callable Bond Issue 2009/2013

NORSK TILLITSMANN AS1
This agreement (the "Amendment Agreement NO 1") is dated on [date] between Lotos Exploration and Production Norge AS (the "Issuer") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee").
1. The Scope of the Amendment Agreement NO 1
The Amendment Agreement NO 1 comprises amendments of the agreement "11 per cent Lotos Exploration and Production Norge AS Second Priority Secured Callable Bond Issue 2009/2013" dated 5 November 2009 (the "Bond Agreement") with ISIN NO001 055160.9 (the "Bond Issue"), based on resolution adopted at the Bondholders' meeting dated 9 November 2011 (the "Bondholders' Meeting").
2. Incorporation of defined terms
Unless contrary indication appears, a term defined in the Bond Agreement has the same meaning in this Amendment Agreement NO 1. The principles of construction set out in the Bond Agreement shall have effect as if set out in this Amendment Agreement NO 1.
3. Amendment to the Bond Agreement
The Bond Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
(i) The definition o f "Interest Payment Date "shall be amended and restated to be read asfollows:
"Interest Payment Date" means 13 November each year and the Maturity Date, except 13 November 2011. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention."
(ii) The definition o f "Maturity Date "shall be amended and restated to be read asfollows:
""Maturity Date" means 13 November 2014 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention."
(Hi) Clause 9.1 shall be amended and restated to be read asfollows:
"The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a coupon rate as follows (the "Fixed Rate"):
(1) from and including the Issue Date to the Interest Payment Date in November 2010, 11 per cent per annum;
(2) from and including the Interest Payment Date in November 2010 to the Interest Payment Date in November 2012,11.605 per cent per annum; and
2

NORSK TILLITSMANN AS1

(3) from and including the Interest Payment Date in November 2012 to the Maturity Date, 11 per cent per annum."

(iv) Clause 9.2 shall be amended and restated to be read asfollows:

"Payments of interest shall be made in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Payment Date being 13 November 2010."

(v) Clause 10.1 shall be amended and restated to be read asfollows:

"The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in installmenl:s as follows:

Payment Date On the Interest Payment Date in November 2013

Amount 20 000 000

On the Maturity Date

All Outstanding Bonds

Instalments must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository)."

4. Confirmation of the Bond Agreement

All other provisions of the Bond Agreement remain in full force. The Bond Agreement and this Amendment Agreement NO 1 will constitute together the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the above mentioned Bond Issue.

5. Conditions precedent

This Amendment Agreement NO 1 is subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) this Amendment Agreement NO 1 duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions necessary to enter into this Amendment Agreement NO 1; and

(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of this Amendment Agreement NO 1.

5. Representations and Warranties

All representations and warranties made by the Issuer under clause 7.1 of the Bond Agreement shall be deemed repeated by signing this Amendment Agreement NO 1.

3

NORSK TILLITSMANN Å SJ

6. Governing Law
All and any disputes arising out of or in connection with this Amendment Agreement NO 1 (including but not limited to its execution) which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law by the Oslo City Court.
7. Commencement
The amendments to the Bond Agreement will enter into force at the date of this Amendment Agreement NO 1.

' k ' k ' k 'k

Lotos Exploration and Production Norge AS

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Issuer

Bond Trustee

This Amendment Agreement NO 1 has been executed in - 2 - two - copies (originals), of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

4

