NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001035264.4 - FRN Petrorig III Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2014 (the "FRN Bond Loan")
Oslo, 28 May 2013
NOTICE OF PARTIAL REPAYMENT OF THE FRN BOND LOAN
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Loan Trustee") is appointed as loan trustee for the holders (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond loan (the "Bond Loan" or the "FRN Bond Loan"). The Bond Loan is registered in the Norwegian Securities Depository (the "VPS").
Reference is made to earlier resolutions at several bondholders meeting in the Bond Loans regarding funding of the acceleration of the Bond Loan and the corresponding security, funding of several litigation issues in connection with the acceleration o f the Bond Loan, and security for certain advisors. Reference is also made to the approved restructuring plan (the "Plan") related to the chapter 11 proceedings involving PetroRig I, PetroRig II and the borrower, PetroRig III. As a result o f the funding and security requirements, the Loan Trustee has retained certain amounts from funds received on behalf of the Bondholders.
The Loan Trustee has now received what is believed to be the final payment under the Plan concerning the FRN Bond Loan, in an amount of approx. USD 692,000. The received amount will be paid to the Bondholders.
In the present situation where the chapter 11 proceedings are nearly finalized, the Loan Trustee has made a new reassessment the funding and security requirement related to the FRN Bond Loan. Based on the present available information, it is assumed that the only remaining process relevant for the FRN Bond Loan is the liquidation of the borrower in accordance with the rules applicable under Singapore law. The liquidation process will probably not imply significant costs for the Bond Loan, and the amount retained by the Loan Trustee may thus be somewhat reduced by paying an additional USD 308,000 to the Bondholders. It is planned that any remaining amounts held by the Loan Trustee will be paid to the Bondholders, and the Bond Loan closed down, as soon as the liquidation o f the borrower is finalized.
Payment to the Bondholders
The aggregate o f the two amounts indicated above, together USD 1,0 million will (after being exchanged to NOK) be paid to the Bondholders as of as on 30 May 2013 (Record Date) with payment on 3 June 2013 (Payment Date). The payment will constitute a payment of principal equal to 1.43078 % of remaining outstanding amount prior to the payment.
Bondholders requesting further information may contact Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
Kind regards
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
-SL-- 9
Hans Bernhard Lind
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

