ISIN NO 001 028280.9
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Songa Offshore ASA (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA on behalf of Bondholders in bond issue
9.00 per cent Songa Offshore ASA Bond Issue 2005/2010

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

1

5

3 Listing

5

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

5

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

6

6. Conditions Precedent

6

7 Representations and Warranties

8

8 Status of the Loan and negative pledge

8

9 Interest

8

10 Maturity of the Loan

8

11 Interest in the event of late payment

9

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

9

13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan

9

14 Fees and expenses

10

15 Events of Default

11

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

12

17 Procedural rules

13

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16

19 Change of Bondholder's representative

15

20 Limitation

17

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

17

22 Notification

16

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 7 September 2005 between Songa Offshore ASA (Company No 988 124 923) as Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as Loan Trustee.
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to this Loan Agreement (i.e.):
The Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders' subscription been granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders as set out in this Loan Agreement.
This Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that this Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Banks Settlement System (NBO) is open.

Bondholders:

the holders of the Bonds from time to time.

Bonds: Borrower: Borrower's Bonds: Companies Act:
Disbursement Date: Final Payment Date: Interest Payment Date: Lead Manager: Loan:

shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 2.1. Songa Offshore ASA. Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower. The Norwegian Public Companies Act of 14 June 1997 No. 45 (as amended). 8 September 2005. 8 September 2010. shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 9.1. Pareto Securities ASA. shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 2.1.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Loan Outstanding:

Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

Mortgages;

(i) a second priority mortgage with priority and right of advancement after USD 60 million (the "First Priority Mortgage Mercur") to be registered against the Rig "Songa Mercur" in the Marshall Island Ship Registry in the amount of USD 66 million, in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and (ii) a second priority mortgage with priority and right of advancement after USD 40 million (the "First Priority Mortgage Venus") to be registered against the Rig "Songa Venus" in the Marshall Island Ship Registry in the amount of USD 44 million in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

Payment Date:

in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal. If any Payment Date is not a Banking Day, payments should be made the following Banking Day.

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.

Rigs:

(i)the Pacesetter F&G 9500, 1,500 ft. semi-submersible

rig "Songa Mercur" registered in the Marshall Island Ship

Registry in the ownership of Songa Mercur AS and (ii) the

Pacesetter 1-900, 1,500ft. semi-submersible rig "Songa

Venus" registered in the Marshall Island Ship Registry in

the ownership of Songa Venus AS.

Securities Depository

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirregisteret ("VPS")

Security Documents:

means all or any documents issued as security for the Borrower's obligations under the Loan Agreement as detailed in subclause 8.2 below.

Securities Depository act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

4

Senior Bank Loan:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
the USD 100,000,000 loan facilities from Nordea Bank Norge ASA (as mandated lead arranger) to the Borrower made pursuant to a loan agreement dated 7 September 2005, secured inter alia by the First Priority Mortgage Mercur and the First Priority Mortgage Venus - or the refinancing of this facilities (provided that a new co ordination agreement, satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, is entered into between, inter alia, the new lenders and the Trustee).

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue Bonds in the maximum aggregate amount of USD 110,000,000(US dollar onehundredandtenmillion), herein referred to as the "Loan".
The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 100,000 each and rankpari passu among themselves.
The Loan will be described as "9.00 per cent Songa Offshore ASA Bond Issue 2005/2010".
The international securities identification number (ISIN) of the Loan will be: NO 001 028280.9
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Final Payment Date.
The net proceed of the Loan shall be used for pre-payment of ISIN NO 001 02684.9 "6.50 per cent Songa Offshore ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2005/2010 with Warrants"

3 Listing
3.1 The Loan will initially not be listed on the Oslo Børs. An application in order to have the Loan listed on the Oslo Børs might be submitted during the term of the Loan.

4 Registration in the Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to the Disbursement Date be registered in the Securities Depository in accordance with the Securities Depository act and the requirements of the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall receive a copy of any such notification.
5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, and inter alia:
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of his obligations under this Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to it under this Loan
Agreement, - ensure that valid resolutions are being passed at Bondholder' meetings being
implemented, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Loan Trustee, - verify the timely and correct payment by the Borrower of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Oslo Børs of any circumstances which are of
significant importance to the listing of the Loan; though only in situations in which the Loan Trustee is aware of or should have knowledge about such circumstances and the Borrower neglects, despite encouragement from the Loan Trustee, to fulfil its obligation to provide information to the Oslo Børs.
5.2 In performing its functions, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from this Loan Agreement
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under this Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information it has submitted to the Bondholders on behalf of the Borrower provided it has been accurately forwarded by the Loan Trustee.
6. Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least three Banking days prior to the Disbursement Date, however so that the documents listed in item (h), (i) and (1) below shall be delivered on the Disbursement Date before 11.00 a.m.:
(a) this Loan Agreement duly signed,
6
V

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and sign this Loan Agreement,
(c) satisfactory Board Resolutions of the Borrower and relevant subsidiaries approving the execution, delivery and performance of this Loan Agreement and other related documents including inter alia Security Documents,
(d) certified copies of the Articles of Association ( "vedtekter") and the Certificate of Registration ("firmaattesf') of the Borrower,
(e) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of this Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Oslo Børs, or confirmation from the Lead Manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian Law,
(f) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in the Securities Depository,
(g) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly signed,
(h) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(i) satisfactory documentation of the relevant Mortgage being registered against the relevant Rig in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) securing the Bondholders' rights under this Loan Agreement in accordance with Clause 8.2, including evidence of necessary insurance of the Rigs, and that the Loan Trustee is notified at the insurance company as beneficiary for insurance claims related to the relevant Mortgage,
0) the assignment of the insurance arrangement set out in (i) above duly signed by the parties thereto,
(1) evidence that the bond loan ISIN NO 001 026846.9 will be cancelled together with accompanying security, in connection with the disbursement of the Loan,
(l) a legal opinion from the Borrower's external lawyer in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, if so required by the Loan Trustee, and
(m) evidence that a co-ordination agreement, satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, has been validly entered into between, inter alia, Nordea Bank Norge ASA (as agent for the Senior Bank Loan) and the Loan Trustee.
6.2 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to the above.
6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the Loan will be made available to the Borrower on the Disbursement Date.
7
V

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower represents and warrants that:
(a) all documents and information, including the term sheet and loan description in connection with this Loan presents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower which could have a material adverse change on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under this Loan Agreement,
(b) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of this Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid, and
(c) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under this Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee (except where the Loan Trustee's loss is due to its own negligence or willful misconduct) for any economic losses suffered as a direct result of relying on the representations and information provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan and security
8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other existing senior debt of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan including interest and expenses are secured by the Mortgages. The Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall be notified at the insurance company as beneficiary or insurance claims related to the Mortgages.
9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan at a fixed rate of 9.00 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made in arrears on 8 September each year (each an "Interest Payment Date"), the final Interest Payment Date being on the Final Payment Date.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days. Part of month will be calculated on the basis of a 30 days month less remaining calendar days in the month, divided by 360.

8

.
V

Ia
j

V

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
10 Maturity of the Loan
10.1 The Loan will run without instalments and the Remaining Loan together with accrued and unpaid interest shall be repaid in full on the Final Payment Date, at par (100%).
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the relevant Interest Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2- 15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Borrower'sundertakings during the term of the Loan
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall:
1(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) send to the Loan Trustee its annual reports as soon as they are available, (c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of the
Borrower's Bonds, (d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications (to the Norwegian
Register of Business Enterprises) in respect of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of share capital, (e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Agreement, laws and regulations,
9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(f) not make any financial arrangements concerning the Mortgage which may jeopardize the Mortgage and which has effect on the operating ability of the Mortgage,
(g) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(h) provide for reasonable maintenance and insurance of the Rigs, and
(i) once a year, provide documentation confirming that the outstanding amount of the Senior Bank Loan is redeemed with at least USD 10 million each year (i.e. the outstanding amount of Senior Bank Loan shall be USD 50 million by 5 years).
13.2 The Borrower shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or - where necessary according to Clause 18- the Bondholders'meeting:
(a) cease to carry on its business, or
(b) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or materially change the nature of its business, which (for both alternatives) will have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfil its payment obligations under this Loan Agreement, however so that no approval by the Loan Trustee and/or the Bondholders' meeting shall be required if the sales proceeds from a sale of any of the Rigs will be sufficient to cover the Borrower's obligations under Clause 10provided that a sufficient (in the opinion of the Loan Trustee) amount of such sales proceeds will be transferred to a pledged account (in favour of the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders) to secure repayment of the Loan.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, as set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses reasonably incurred in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of this Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Oslo Børs (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise required by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for the deduction at the source of withholding any withholding tax payable pursuant to Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover necessary and reasonable extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, such as summoning and holding Bondholders' meetings and change of trustee, unless otherwise is specifically agreed.
10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan will be declared to be in default by the Loan Trustee upon the occurrence and continuance of any of the following events:
(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay on the Payment Date any interest or principal due or any other amount due and payable under this Loan Agreement; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 30thirty - Banking Days after the Payment Date or the relevant due date,
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other material covenant or obligation, to be performed under this Agreement and such failure is not remedied within 30thirty - Banking Days after written notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) any other material loan, material financial indebtedness of, or assumed or guaranteed by, the Borrower shall become repayable prior to the due date thereof as a result of acceleration of maturity caused by the occurrence of an event of default thereunder,
(d) the Borrower shall enter into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place,
(e) any representation or warranty made by the Borrower in this Loan Agreement or in connection herewith proves to be incorrect in any material respect in relation to the Loan as at the time made, or
(f) any change occurs in the financial condition of the Borrower which, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee after consultations with the Borrower, will have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to meet its payment obligations under this Loan Agreement.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee may, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Loan Outstanding, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to accelerate the Loan due to an event of default which as occurred.

In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who have made a demand in accordance with litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.

15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be immediately repayable, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a written notice of demanding for repayment of the Loan including accrued interest and any other amounts payable under this Loan Agreement.

15.5 No individual Bondholder shall separately be entitled to demand payment or enforcement of its Bond(s) directly from the Borrower.

I

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or this Loan

Agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions related thereto in all

questions concerning the Loan, such as:

(a) change of trustee, (b) change of borrower,

(c) changes to this Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,

(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital
reduction or conversion,

I

(e) declare the Loan to be immediately repayable due to an event of default, and

(f) approve the sale, mortgaging or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets, however so that no approval by the Bondholders shall be required if the sales proceeds from a sale of any of the Rigs will be sufficient to cover the Borrower's obligations under Clause 10- provided that a sufficient (in the opinion of the Loan Trustee) amount of such sales proceeds will be transferred to a pledged account (in favour of the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders) to secure repayment of the Loan.

I

The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.

The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.2 The Loan Trustee alone can make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (d) and (f), provided that:

12
V

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) the arrangements regarding the Borrower's assets or the changes in the Borrowers corporate structure are not, in the Loan Trustee's reasonable opinion, of material importance for the fulfilment of this Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security the Borrower may provide in connection with any such arrangements provide, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the due and correct repayment of the Remaining Loan.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in this Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in Loan Trustee's reasonable opinion, of minor importance to the Bondholders'financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone should any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than one month from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under this Loan Agreement that may give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free to submit any question to the Bondholders'meeting, however not in respect of Clause 16.1 f) if the sales proceeds of any of the Rigs are sufficient to cover the Borrower's obligations under Clause 10 - provided that a sufficient (in the opinion of the Loan Trustee) amount of such sales proceeds will be transferred to a pledged account (in favour of the Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders) to secure repayment of the Loan.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders'meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Børs shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16. 1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders'meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Loan Outstanding or
13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) Oslo Børs - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 A Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Loan Outstanding.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1within ten Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Børs have the right to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Børs for public announcement. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of this Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters, which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Loan Outstanding agree otherwise.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise, If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
14*

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies, elected by the Bondholders' meeting. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - iithe Loan is listed - the Oslo Børs have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting.
The Bondholders' meeting may grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bond carries one vote. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give voting rights and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Loan Outstanding must be represented, see however Clause18.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Loan Outstanding, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the Bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/10 or more of the Loan Outstanding, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of trustee,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in this Loan Agreement, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate or business structure which are of material importance for the fulfilment of the borrower's obligation under this Loan Agreement.
15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.9 In all matters where unanimity not attained, the noting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to this Loan Agreement shall be attached to this Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

*

In the event that less than 2/10 of the Loan Outstanding are represented, valid decisions

may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed.

After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a

valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also

applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Loan Outstanding is represented.

19 Change of trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or/and Bondholders each representing more than 1/10 of the voting rights of the Bonds wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of the Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss on the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall present to the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a newtrustee. The Bondholders, the Borrower and Oslo Børs - if the Loan is listed - may also submit proposals for the appointment of a new trustee.
The Bondholders and Oslo Børs - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision arid the date on which the change of trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall continue to perform its duties under this Loan Agreement until a new trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not fulfil its obligations or the interests of the Bondholders suffer, the Oslo Børs may appoint a new, temporary trustee. The Borrower is liable for cost incurred by nomination of a temporary trustee pursuant to this Clause 19, but can, either in whole or in part, demand reimbursement from the former Loan Trustee, in the event the change of trustee is due to a breach of duty by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of this Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the Loan Trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform its functions and duties under this Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the status under this Lian Agreement.

t\ 16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
20 Limitation Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979nr. 18.

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law by the Norwegian courts.
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the addresses specified in Clause 22.

22 Notification

22.1 All communications concerning this Loan Agreement or circumstances related to this Agreement shall be notified to the Loan Trustee or the Borrower in writing, by letter or by telephone facsimile to the following addresses:

the Loan Trustee

Norsk Tillitsmarm ASA Haakon VII gate 1 P.O. Box 1470 Vika . N O -0116 OSLO Facsimile: + 47 22 87 94 i0

the Borrower

Songa Offshore ASA P.O. Box 1468 Vika N - 0116 OSLO Telefax: + 4 7 22 83 21 51

or to such other addresses as any of them may so notify to the other.

22.2 Should any of the 'above addresses or telefax numbers be changed, the party to whom the change of address applies shall, in the manner set out Clause 22.1, immediately notify the other party of such change. Thereafter, all communication shall be sent to the new address.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Oslo, 7 september 2005

Soiiga Offshore ASA

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies *originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

