NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

To the bondholders of:

ISIN: NO 001 063 619.4 - 4% Northland Resources S.A. Second Lien Bond Issue 2013/2020 and ISIN: NO 001 063 613.7 - 4% Northland Resources S.A. Second Lien Bond Issue 2013/2020 (together the "Second Lien Bonds")

ISIN: NO 001 068 232.1 - 15% Northland Resources AB (publ.) First Lien Bond Issue 2013/2019 and ISIN: NO 001 068 233.9 - 15% Northland Resources AB (publ.) First Lien Bond Issue 2013/2019 (together the "First Lien Bonds" and)

(together with the Second Lien Bonds, the "Bonds" or the "Bond Loans" and the holders of the Bonds together the "Bondholders")

Date 21 March 2014

Summons to Bondholders' Meetings

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee") acts as loan trustee for the abovementioned bond loans, all of which are documented in amended and restated bond agreements dated (i) 7 June 2013 in respect of the Second Lien Bonds (the "Second Lien Bond Agreement") and (ii) 6 June 2013 in respect of the First Lien Bonds (the "First Lien Bond Agreement") (each also referred to as a "Bond Agreement" and jointly as the "Bond Agreements"). Northland Resources S.A. ("NRSA") is the issuer of the Second Lien Bonds, and Northland Resources AB (pubi.) ("NRAB", and together with NRSA, the "Issuers") is the issuer of the First Lien Bonds. The Issuers, Northland Sweden AB, Northland Exploration Sweden AB, Northland Logistics AB and Northland Logistics AS are collectively referred to as the "Group". This summons has been issued at the request of the Issuers.

Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to such terms in the Bond Agreements, as the context requires.

The information in this summons regarding the legal, operational and financial status of the Issuers and market conditions is provided by the Issuers, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

PART 1 - BACKGROUND

1

Introduction

In a press release dated 14 November 2013 NRSA announced that the board had decided to set a target for financial headroom, leading to a funding requirement of USD 150 million. To address this a dialogue was started with a number of important stakeholders of the Group with an aim to conclude the discussions within 1 May 2014. However, as the production and operations of the Group has experienced certain adverse developments, including as a result of slower ramp-up of production levels, mechanical failures of equipment, higher inventories than targeted (contributing to higher working capital requirements) and logistics issues due to periods of severe cold in Northern Sweden, the Group's liquidity is experiencing increasing strain at an earlier point in time than contemplated. The purpose of this Bondholders meeting is to approve certain required waivers and amendments to the Bond Agreements in order to be able to strengthen the short term liquidity of the Group until a long term financing solution is in place.

1
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

As a consequence of the above, the Issuers have determined to propose an offering of super senior secured bonds by NRAB (the "Financing Proposal") on the terms set out in a non-binding indicative term sheet attached hereto as Schedule 1 (the "Term Sheet"), as part of a potential bridge capital financing of the Group that is under discussion between the Group, certain existing Bondholders under the Loan Agreements, other stakeholders of the Group and further sources of funding. The key terms of the Financing Proposal is summarised below.
The Group has previously announced the need for a financial restructuring of the capital structure and certain liabilities of NRAB, NRSA and the Group (the "Restructuring").
The implementation of a Restructuring is subject to contract and definitive documentation between, amongst others NRAB, NRSA and certain members of the Group and the Bondholders under the Bond Agreements, at terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
In addition certain amendments are proposed to the existing Bond Agreements (see Part 2, 2 e.). Also, although in the opinion of the Issuer it is not required for all intra group loans under the Bond Loans, the Issuer proposes (for the sake of good order) that the Bond Trustee is granted authority to consent to conversion of pledged intra group loans into equity on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee (see Part 2, 2 d.). Such conversion may be required to procure that the Group has satisfactory equity, in accordance with statutory requirements.
The purpose of this summons is to present the terms of the Financing Proposal to the Bondholders and to seek the approval of the Bondholders to implement the Financing Proposal in the manner contemplated by the Term Sheet. The background sections of this summons are intended to summarise certain key elements of the Financing Proposal and do not replicate in full the detailed provisions of the Term Sheet to which Bondholders should refer.
If the Financing Proposal is not approved by Bondholders, it is expected that the Group may be unable to continue to trade due to lack of liquidity.

2

Key terms of the financing proposal

The Financing Proposal will provide the Northland Group with funding in an amount of up to USD 75,000,000 (less the issue discount and costs) through issue of super senior secured bonds by NRAB (the "Super Senior Bridge Bonds").

The Super Senior Bridge Bonds will, subject to any restrictions imposed by relevant securities laws, first be offered to holders of First Lien Bonds on a pro rata basis, as further described in section B of the Term Sheet. The lead managers for the offering will be entitled to place any Super Senior Bridge Bonds not allocated to holders of First Lien Bonds in the market at their discretion. The minimum investment amount will be USD 200,000.

The net proceeds from the Super Senior Bridge Bonds shall be applied towards financing the working capital needs of the Group. The net proceeds shall be paid to an escrow account blocked and pledged on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the funding bondholders), and each withdrawal of (and release of) any funds from the escrow account shall be subject to the following cumulative conditions, unless explicitly approved by the Bond Trustee:

(i)

receipt by the Bond Trustee of an approved liquidity budget;

2

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

(ii)

in case of the first drawdown, the total amount of funds released from the escrow account shall

not exceed USD 30,000,000;

(iii) in case of any drawdown following the first drawdown, receipt by the Bond Trustee of evidence in

a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that the minimum liquidity of the Group as a whole has

fallen below an amount corresponding to USD 10,000,000;

(iv) in case of each drawdown the total amount of funds released from the escrow account shall not

have exceeded an amount corresponding to the lower of (i) the expenditure for the following eight

weeks as determined by the most recently approved liquidity budget and (ii) the remaining amount

on the escrow account; and

(v) in the Bond Trustee's reasonable opinion no event of default under the Super Senior Bridge

Bonds having occurred or continuing as a result of a drawdown.

The Super Senior Bridge Bonds shall accrue PIK interest at 11% per annum on a 30/360 basis. The Super Senior Bridge Bonds shall be issued at a 5% discount to their principal nominal amount and be repayable at par plus (i) up to and including 1 July 2014, a make whole amount ensuring that bondholders of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds are receiving in total a repayment corresponding to at least 106% of the nominal value of their bonds, (ii) from 2 July 2014 and including 30 September 2014, a make whole amount ensuring that bondholders are receiving in total a repayment corresponding to at least 110% of the nominal value of their bonds and (iii) from and including 1 October 2014, a make whole amount ensuring that bondholders are receiving in total a repayment corresponding to at least 117% of the nominal value of their bonds (the "Repayment Price").

The Super Senior Bridge Bonds shall have a term of 6 months, with extension option until 12 months as per condition in Term Sheet. However, NRAB shall be entitled at any time to exercise a call option and redeem the Super Senior Bridge Bonds at the Repayment Price.

Mandatory prepayment provisions similar to those applicable to the First Lien Bonds shall apply, but at the prevailing Repayment Price. Furthermore the Super Senior Bridge Bonds shall become mandatory prepayable at the prevailing Repayment Price if the Group or a member of the Group under the Restructuring secures additional capital (either through the incurrence of debt or the issue of equity or any equity similar instruments). In addition, if the Restructuring has not been agreed by the relevant parties and their requisite approvals have not been provided by 30 June 2014, the bondholders of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds may at a bondholders meeting vote, with a majority vote from at least two-thirds of the principal amount of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds present at such bondholders meeting, to require the Company to redeem all Super Senior Bridge Bonds at a price of par plus accrued interest plus a make whole amount ensuring that Super Senior Bridge Bondholders are receiving in total a repayment corresponding to at least 110% of the nominal value of their Super Senior Bridge Bonds.

The Super Senior Bridge Bonds shall be secured by the same security package as the First Lien Bonds, but shall effectively be given super senior ranking over the existing Bonds pursuant to an amended and restated intercreditor agreement. The Super Senior Bridge Bonds shall also have the benefit of the same guarantees as included in the First Lien Bond Agreement. It is worth to note that the Bond Agreements do already provide for the issue of a USD 50,000,000 tap bond to the First Lien Bonds, which means that after issue of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds the Second Lien Bond will be with respect to the collateral package in substantially the same position as if the tap bond to the First Lien Bonds would have been issued.

In respect of the proposed amended and restated intercreditor agreement, the holders of Super Senior Bridge Bonds and the holders of First Lien Bonds shall be treated as if they vote together as one creditor class for the purposes of giving instructions to the Security Agent in connection with any enforcement of

3

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
security securing the Super Senior Bonds and/or the Bonds. Such instruction will require an affirmative vote of creditors holding 50,01% or more of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of both the Super Senior Bridge Bonds and the First Lien Bonds (for these purposes, acting together as one single class of voting bonds).
Covenants and event of default provisions for the Super Senior Bridge Bonds shall be similar to those applicable to the First Lien Bonds. The Super Senior Bridge Bonds will further be in default if the fee letters with the Bond Trustee's advisers are terminated prior to full repayment of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds without the Bond Trustee's consent.
In case the Super Senior Bridge Bonds are accelerated as a result of an event of default, they shall become due and payable at par plus the make whole amount ensuring that bondholders are receiving in total a repayment corresponding to the prevailing Repayment Price.
The Super Senior Bridge Bonds will include change of control provisions corresponding to those included in the First Lien Bonds. The Super Senior Bonds shall not be listed on an exchange.
The issuance of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds will be conditional upon, among other things:
· receipt by the Bond Trustee of evidence satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that the lead managers have received subscriptions from investors for the Super Senior Bridge Bonds in a total amount of USD 40,000,000 or more;
· receipt by the Bond Trustee of an approved liquidity budget; · receipt by the Bond Trustee of executed commitment letters in support of Restructuring from
Norrskenet, Folksam and PEAB in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee; · receipt by the Bond Trustee of evidence satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that PEAB has validly
agreed (i) to defer an amount corresponding to SEK 54,000,000 resulting from services rendered to the Group prior to the date hereof until 1 July 2014 and as part of the implementation of the Restructuring to (ii) change its payment terms from payment in advance to a minimum credit period of 30-days and (iii) to convert its current outstanding supplier credit in the amount of approximately USD 63 million to equity; · the entry into of the amended Intercreditor Agreement in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee; · no member of the Group having entered into any bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, receivership or any other insolvency procedure (or any analogous proceeding in any other jurisdiction), whether voluntary or involuntary; · no enforcement or acceleration action taken by or on behalf of any of the other creditors and or suppliers of the Company or any member of the Group being outstanding under or in connection with any indebtedness of the Company or any member of the Group; · receipt of the requisite approvals of the First Lien Bondholders and the Second Lien Bondholders for the issuance of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds by way of resolution in a Bondholders' Meeting or evidence in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that sufficient Existing Bondholders have signed binding lock-up agreements that it is certain that the relevant resolution will be passed when the respective Bondholders' Meetings are held; · payment of all invoices issued to the Company and/or NRSA in respect of the fees and expenses of the Bond Trustee's advisers or the Bond Trustee accrued up to that date; · the entry into of related agreements, including, without limitation, the security, having been approved by (i) the Company's and NRSA's boards of directors; and (ii) the boards of directors of those members of the Group necessary to create and perfect the security;
4

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
· there being no fact or circumstance that will, or might, in the reasonable determination of the Bond Trustee, result in a Material Adverse Effect; and
· there being no events of default outstanding under any of the Existing Bonds. It is noted that certain First Lien Bondholders have committed to convert approximately USD 60 million of such bonds to either (i) shares in NRSA, or (ii) into a new unsecured fully subordinated convertible three year tenor bond (with PIK interest only), which will be mandatorily convertible to equity at the end of the tenor with a strike of 35% above the prevailing share price at the establishment of the new bond.
PART 2 - THE PROPOSAL Based on the above, the Issuers hereby propose the following to the Bondholders (the "Proposal"):
"The Bondholders: 1. approve and authorise the implementation of the Financing Proposal on the terms of and as described in the Term Sheet;
2. subject to the terms of the Term Sheet, instruct the Bond Trustee (in consultation with its advisors) to do all things and take such steps on behalf of the Bondholders as may be necessary or desirable in connection with the implementation of the Financing Proposal as described in the Term Sheet, including, without limitation:
a. negotiating and approving the final terms of, and entering into, amended and restated forms of the Bond Agreements and related documentation, as contemplated by the Term Sheet;
b. negotiating and entering into an amended Intercreditor Agreement for the purpose of constituting the intercreditor arrangements between the Super Senior Bridge Bonds, the First Lien Bonds and the Second Lien Bonds, as contemplated in the Term Sheet, including inter alia giving the Super Senior Bridge Bonds effective super senior ranking over the Bonds;
c. negotiating and approving the final terms of, entering into and, where relevant, terminating, documentation and agreements as may be necessary or desirable in order to share the existing security package with the Super Senior Bridge Bonds, as contemplated in the Term Sheet;
d. to consent to any conversion to equity of intra group loans pledged as security for the Bond Agreements, on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee at its discretion;
e. to amend the majority requirement from 4/5 to 2/3 in section 19.3.5 of the First Lien Bond Agreement and to change the Bond Agreements so that future bondholders meetings may be called with five Business Days written notice; and
5

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

f. taking any and all other steps and actions expressly or impliedly required to be taken or that it would be desirable to take in order to implement the Financing Proposal, including, without limitation, negotiating, documenting and entering into legal agreements, granting amendments and waivers and giving instructions, consents, approvals and directions, as contemplated by the Term Sheet.
3. agree that the Bond Trustee may at its discretion, in consultation with its advisors, consent to amendments to the terms of the Term Sheet on behalf of the Bondholders where such amendments (i) are of a minor or technical nature, (ii) are otherwise consistent with the Term Sheet and are required in order to implement the Financing Proposal, or (iii) would not adversely affect the position of the Bondholders;
4. agree that the Bond Trustee, in consultation with its advisors, may exercise (or refuse to exercise) any discretion, consent or approval required or contemplated in connection with the matters referred to in the Financing Proposal or the Term Sheet; and
5. agree that the Bond Trustee shall have no liability whatsoever to any Bondholder or any other person in connection with the exercise (or non-exercise) of any such discretion which is exercised in good faith.
The proposals made according to Part 2, 2 d. and/or Part 2, 2 e. above shall, if the Proposal is not agreed in its entirety, each be subject to a separate vote and may be approved and become effective even if the Financing Proposal is not approved with the requisite majority. Similarly the Financing Proposal may be approved even if the Part 2, 2 d. and/or Part 2, 2 e. proposals are not approved.

PART 3 - NON-RELIANCE
Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee, or its advisors. The Bondholders should independently evaluate the Proposal and vote accordingly.

PART 4 - SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS

Bondholders in each Bond Loan are hereby summoned to Bondholders' Meetings:

Time: 4 A pril 2014 at 11:00 Oslo time

Place: The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon Vlls gt. 1, 0116 Oslo - 5th floor.

There will be a joint meeting for the Bond Loans, but each Bond Loan will vote separately as each vote will depend on the outcome of the other vote.

Agenda:

1.

Approval of the summons.

2.

Approval of the agenda.

6

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

3.

Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes with the chairman.

4.

Consent to the Proposal.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meetings resolve the following (the "Resolution"):

ISIN: NO 001 063 619.4 - 4% Northland Resources S.A. Second Lien Bond Issue 2013/2020 and ISIN: NO 001 063 613.7 -4% Northland Resources S.A. Second Lien Bond Issue 2013/2020

The Bondholders hereby adopt the resolution set out in the Proposal as described in the summons to this Bondholders' Meeting, conditional on that the identical approval has been made in respect o f the First Lien Bond Agreement.

ISIN: NO 001 068 232.1 - 15% Northland Resources AB (publ.) First Lien Bond Issue 2013/2019 and ISIN: NO 001 068 233.9 -15% Northland Resources AB (publ.) First Lien Bond Issue 2013/2019

The Bondholders hereby adopt the resolution set out in the Proposal as described in the summons to this Bondholders' Meeting, conditional on that the identical approval has been made in respect of the Second Lien Bond Agreement.

***

To approve the Resolution, Bondholders representing at least 4/5 of the Voting Bonds in the First Lien Bond Agreement, and 2/3 of the Voting Bonds in the Second Lien Bond Agreement, represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the Resolution.
In order to have a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds of each Bond Loan must be represented at the Bondholders' Meeting. If the Resolution is not adopted by the Bondholders of each Bond Loan, the Proposal will be dismissed and no instructions to release amounts from the Debt Service Accounts will be made.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm: (i) the owner of the bonds; (ii) the aggregate nominal amount o f the bonds; and (Hi) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual Bondholders may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorizing the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholders' Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholder's Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence that the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (by 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) on the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.

7

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Investors may contact Arctic Securities or Swedbank regarding subscription to the Super Senior Bridge Bonds or any other questions related to the above. Contact details: Arctic Securities: Kristian Pande Horn Telephone number: +47 48 40 32 74 E-mail: kristian.pande.horn@arcticsec.no Swedbank: Anders Hakonsen Telephone number: +47 91 80 49 17 E-mail: anders.hakonsen@swedbank.no Yours faithfully Norsk Tillitsmam
Ola Nygård
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form Super Senior Bridge Bond Term Sheet
8

Private and Confidential Without Prejudice and Subject to Contract
Northland Resources AB Super Senior Bridge Bond
Term sheet

This non-binding indicative term sheet (the "Term Sheet") dated 21 March 2014 sets out the terms for a proposed first priority super senior bridge financing to be made available to Northland Resources AB (the "Company") by way of the Super Senior Bridge Bond (as described and defined below) by certain Existing Bondholders (as defined below) as part of a potential bridge capital financing of the Company, its parent company, Northland Resources S.A. (the "Parent"), and other members of the Parent's corporate group (together, the "Group") that is under discussion between the Group, certain Existing Bondholders (as defined below), other stakeholders of the Group and further sources of funding.
This Term Sheet remains subject to contract and definitive documentation to be entered into between, amongst others, (i) the Company, the Parent and other members of the Group (ii) and certain Existing Bondholders (the "Term Sheet Parties").
This Term Sheet is for discussion purposes only between the Term Sheet Parties. None of the Term Sheet Parties will be legally bound or obligated to proceed on any matter contemplated herein (with the exception of those matters described in sections C.4 through C.7) unless and until suitable definitive agreements are executed and delivered by their respective authorised representatives.
This Term Sheet is not exhaustive, is solely indicative o f the key terms of the proposal set out herein between the Term Sheet Parties and additional terms and conditions may be included in the definitive legal documentation prepared in connection with the Super Senior Bridge Bond.
This Term Sheet is not an offer to issue or sell, or a solicitation of an offer to acquire or purchase, securities in Luxembourg, Norway, Sweden, the U.S. or any other jurisdiction. Such offer or solicitation will only be made in compliance with all applicable securities laws.

Definitions

"Acceptable Bank" means any reputable international bank selected by the Issuer with at least A- rating from Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd or A3 rating from Moody's Investors Services Limited.
"Amended Intercreditor Agreement" has the meaning given to that term in section C1.
"Approved Liquidity Budget" means a liquidity budget and cash flow statement showing the costs and amounts to be payable during a rolling period of 8 weeks, in a format approved by the Bond Trustee, and the content of which has been approved by Reco.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means the meetings of Existing Bondholders convened and held in accordance with the provisions of the Bond Loan Agreements for the purpose of approving the issue of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds.
"Bond Loan Agreements" means the First Lien Bond Agreement and the Second Lien Bond Agreement.
"Bond Trustee" means Norsk Tillitsmann ASA in its capacity as the bond trustee under the Bond Loan Agreements.
"Bond Trustee's Advisers" means the advisers retained from time to time by the Bond Trustee in connection with the issue of the Super Senior Bridge Bond and the Restructuring, as at the date of this Term

1
UKDOCS/1517512.10

Private and Confidential Without Prejudice and Subject to Contract
Sheet being Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP, BA-HR and the Blackstone Group International Partners LLP) .
"Business Day" means a day on which banks are normally open for business in London and Oslo.
"Cash and Cash Equivalent" means, on any date, the aggregate of the equivalent in USD on such date of the then current market value of (i) unrestricted cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on unrestricted deposit accounts with an Acceptable Bank; and (ii) unrestricted time deposits with Acceptable Banks and certificates of deposits issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an Acceptable Bank.
"Conditional Mandatory Redemption" has the meaning given to that term in section A 16.
"Conditional Mandatory Redemption Price" has the meaning given to that term in section A16.
"Drawdown" means each withdrawal of (and release of) any funds from the Escrow Account subject to a duly executed release notice from the Company in form and substance as set out in the Bond Agreement.
"Drawdown Conditions" means each of the following conditions cumulative:
(i) receipt by the Bond Trustee of an Approved Liquidity Budget;
(ii) in case of the first Drawdown the total amount of funds withdrawn (and released) from the Escrow Account will not exceed an amount corresponding to USD 30,000,000;
(iii) in case of any Drawdown following the first Drawdown receipt by the Bond Trustee of evidence in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that the minimum Liquidity o f the Group as a whole has fallen below an amount corresponding to USD 10,000,000;
(iv) in case o f each Drawdown the total amount o f funds withdrawn (and released) from the Escrow Account have not and will not have exceeded an amount corresponding to the lower of (i) the expenditure for the following eight weeks as determined by the most recently Approved Liquidity Budget, and (ii) the remaining amount on the Escrow Account; and
(v) in case o f each Drawdown in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee no event o f default under the Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement having occurred or being continuing.
"Escrow Account" means an account located in Norway (denominated in the currency of the Super Senior Bridge Bond) and established in the name o f the Company (in its capacity as issuer o f the Super Senior Bridge Bond) with a bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee to be blocked and pledged in first priority in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Funding Bondholders) under Norwegian law, in which the bank operating the account has waived
2
UKDOCS/1517512.10

Private and Confidential Without Prejudice and Subject to Contract
all of its set-off rights.
"Existing Bondholders" means the holders of the Existing Bonds from time to time.
"Existing Bonds" means, together:
· the First Lien Bonds; and
· the Second Lien Bonds.
"First Lien Bond Agreement" means the bond loan agreement dated 6 June 2013 regarding the First Lien Bonds as amended and restated from time to time.
"First Lien Bondholders" means the holders of the First Lien Bonds from time to time.
"First Lien Bonds" means the USD 335,000,000 first lien bonds issued by the Company on the terms of the First Lien Bond Agreement.
"First Lien Security Proceeds" means any proceeds resulting from the enforcement of any security securing the First Lien Bonds.
"Folksam" means Folksam ömsesidig livförsäkring and Folksam ömsesidig sakförsäkring jointly.
"Funding Bondholders" has the meaning given to that term in section B1.
"Liquidity" means at any time, (on a consolidated basis) the aggregate amount o f the Group's Cash and Cash Equivalents plus any positive balance of the Earnings Accounts (as defined under the First Lien Bond Agreement), but excluding any positive balance of the Escrow Account.
Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the issuer, the Group taken as a whole or any member of the Group, (b) the issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Norrskenet" means Norrskenet AB.
"Original Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement between amongst others Norsk Tillitsmann ASA in its capacity as the Security Agent (on behalf of the Existing Bondholders) and certain members o f the Group dated 6 June 2013.
"Peab" means Peab AB and its affiliates.
"Record Date" has the meaning given to that term in section B1.
"Reco" means Reco Restructuring and Turnaround Sweden AB.
"Repayment Price" has the meaning given to that term in section A8.
"Restructuring" means a financial restructuring of the capital structure and certain liabilities of the Company, the Parent and the Group, subject to contract and definitive documentation, between (i) the Company, the Parent and certain members of the Group, (ii) the
3
UKDOCS/1517512.10

Private and Confidential Without Prejudice and Subject to Contract
Existing Bondholders (including in particular the Tranche B Bondholders (as defined in the First Lien Bond Agreement) at terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
"Second Lien Bond Agreement" means the amended and restated bond loan agreement dated 6 June 2013 regarding the Second Lien Bonds.
"Second Lien Bondholders" means the holders of the Second Lien Bonds from time to time.
"Second Lien Bonds" means the convertible second lien bonds as constituted under the Second Lien Bond Agreement.
"Security Proceeds" means any proceeds resulting from the enforcement of any security securing the Super Senior Bridge Bonds.
"Settlement Date" means on or about 7 April 2014.
"Shiploader" means the shiploader delivered by Sandvik and situated at Northland group's jetty in Narvik, Norway.
"Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement" has the meaning given to that term in section A25.
"Super Senior Bridge Bondholders" means the holders of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds from time to time.
"Super Senior Bridge Bonds" means the up to USD 75,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) bonds to be issued by the Company on the terms set out in sections A, B and C below.

A. Terms of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds

1.

Format

Norwegian law-governed bonds generally subject to standard market terms applicable to such instruments but to include the following terms.

2.

Issuer

The Company.

3.

Principal Nominal Up to USD 75,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, as the

Amount

case may be) and the first tranche shall be minimum USD

40,000,000.

4.

Nominal Value

The Super Senior Bridge Bonds will have a nominal value of USD 1.00 each.

Minimum investment amount will be USD 200,000.

5.

Original Issue

Discount

The Super Senior Bridge Bonds will be issued at a 5% discount to their principal nominal amount, giving an aggregate subscription price of USD 71,250,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, as the case may be).

6.

Maturity/Extension The date falling 6 months after the Settlement Date.

The maturity of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds may be automatically

4
UKDOCS/1517512.10

Private and Confidential Without Prejudice and Subject to Contract
extended to 12 months after the Settlement Date provided that (i) PEAB has validly agreed to extend its deferral of certain supplier claims set out under section C.2 (iv) to at least 1 October 2014 and (ii) the Company has promptly requested such extension by written notice to the Bond Trustee.

7.

Interest

11 % PIK interest per annum calculated on a 30/360 basis. PIK interest will accrue on a semi-annual basis.

8.

Repayment Price The Super Senior Bridge Bonds shall be repayable by the payment of

par plus accrued interest plus (to the extent applicable)

(i) up to and including 1 July 2014, a make whole amount ensuring that Super Senior Bridge Bondholders are receiving in total (including accrued interest) a repayment corresponding to at least 106 % of the nominal value of their Super Senior Bridge Bonds;

(ii) from 2 July 2014 and including 30 September 2014, a make whole amount ensuring that Super Senior Bridge Bondholders are receiving in total (including accrued interest) a repayment corresponding to at least 110 % of the nominal value o f their Super Senior Bridge Bonds; and

(iii) from and including 1 October 2014, a make whole amount ensuring that Super Senior Bridge Bondholders are receiving in total (including accrued interest) a repayment corresponding to at least 117 % of the nominal value of their Super Senior Bridge Bonds (the "Repayment Price").

9.

Purpose

The net proceeds from the Super Senior Bridge Bonds shall be applied towards working capital needs o f the Group.

10. Guarantors

Same as for the First Lien Bonds.

11. Security

Same as for the First Lien Bonds. Furthermore the collateral package for the Super Senior Bridge Bond and the Existing Bonds will (to the extent legally possible) be amended to change the existing floating charge security over the Shiploader into a fixed charge security.

12. Ranking

The Super Senior Bridge Bonds will benefit from the same collateral package as the First Lien Bonds, but shall effectively be given first priority ranking pursuant to the subordination provisions described below and as per the Intercreditor Agreement.

13. Covenants and

Covenants and events of default similar to those applicable to the

events of default First Lien Bonds.

The Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement will furthermore provide in particular for an event of default if the engagement and/or fee letters with the Bond Trustee's Advisers have been terminated prior to full repayment of the Super Senior Bridge Bond, without the Bond Trustee's consent.

In case the Super Senior Bridge Bonds are accelerated as a result of an event of default they will become due and payable at the prevailing Repayment Price.

5
UKDOCS/1517512.10

Private and Confidential Without Prejudice and Subject to Contract

14. Change of Control Change of control provisions corresponding to the change of control provisions included in the First Lien Bond.

15. Mandatory Prepayment

Mandatory prepayment provisions similar to those applicable to the First Lien Bonds, but at the Repayment Price.
Furthermore the Super Senior Bridge Bonds shall become mandatory prepayable at the prevailing Repayment Price if the Group or a member of the Group in connection with the Restructuring secures additional capital (either through the incurrence of debt or the issue of equity or any equity similar instruments).

16. Conditional Mandatory Redemption

If the Restructuring has not been agreed by the relevant parties and their requisite approvals have not been provided by 30 June 2014 the Bond Trustee shall have the right and will be authorised to require the Company to promptly redeem all Super Senior Bridge Bonds (the "Conditional Mandatory Redemption") at a price of par plus accrued interest plus a make whole amount ensuring that Super Senior Bridge Bondholders are receiving in total (including accrued interest) a repayment corresponding to at least 110 % of the nominal value of their Super Senior Bridge Bonds (the "Conditional Mandatory Redemption Price") provided that in a bondholders' meeting of the Super Senior Bridge Bondholders, at which a quorum of Super Senior Bridge Bondholders holding Super Senior Bridge Bonds representing at least 50 % of the principal amount outstanding of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds is present, the Super Senior Bridge Bondholders present and voting at such meeting holding at least twothirds of the outstanding principal amount of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds represented in such the meeting, vote to approve and require the Conditional Mandatory Redemption.

17. Call Option 18. Disbursement

The Company shall be entitled at any time to exercise a call option and redeem the Super Senior Bridge Bonds at any time at the prevailing Repayment Price.
The net proceeds of subscription of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds will be paid directly to the Escrow Account.
The withdrawal of (and release of) any funds from the Escrow Account shall be subject to the Drawdown Conditions, unless explicitly approved by the Bond Trustee.
To the extent any unspent amounts from a previous Drawdown remain deposited on the Company's account, any disbursement under a requested Drawdown will be reduced in an amount equal to such unspent amount, until said amount has been spent in full.

19. No Listing/ISIN

The Super Senior Bridge Bond shall not be listed on an exchange. The Super Senior Bridge Bond will have an ISIN.

20. Registration

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS). Principal and interest accrued will be credited to the Funding Bondholders through VPS.

21. Lead Managers

Arctic Securities and Swedbank.

6
UKDOCS/1517512.10

Private and Confidential Without Prejudice and Subject to Contract

22. Bond Trustee/ Security Agent

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.

23

Reco

The Company shall retain Reco as a restructuring adviser at least until repayment of the Super Senior Bridge Bond, , to assist with and supervise preparation of the Approved Liquidity Budget and the provision of evidence to the Bond Trustee as to Liquidity for the purposes o f the Drawdown Conditions .

24. Other

Subject to the other provisions of this Term Sheet, the Super Senior Bridge Bond will include further customary provisions, including in relation to representations, undertakings, covenants, prepayments, events of default and bondholders' meetings, at a minimum at least equivalent to those applying to the First Lien Bond and customary for Norwegian high-yield bonds issued in similar circumstances.

25.

Bond Agreement

A bond loan agreement (the "Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement") will be entered into by the Company as issuer and

certain members of the Group as guarantors and the Bond Trustee

acting as the Funding Bondholders' representative.

The Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement shall regulate the Funding Bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Super Senior Bridge Bonds, and it shall be based on a Norwegian bond market standard as applied by the Bond Trustee.

Each Subscriber is by their application for Super Senior Bridge Bonds deemed to have granted an irrevocable authority to the Bond Trustee to negotiate and finalise the Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement and related documents (including the Amended Intercreditor Agreement) with the issuer.

The terms of application for the Super Senior Bridge Bonds shall specifically state that by applying for and receiving an allocation of Super Senior Bridge Bonds, the applicant authorises the Bond Trustee to execute and deliver the Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement and the related documentation (including the Amended Intercreditor Agreement) on behalf of the prospective Funding Bondholders. On this basis, the issuer and the Bond Trustee will execute and deliver the Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement and related documentation and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the Subscribers, such that thereby they will as Funding Bondholders become bound by the terms o f the Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement and the related documentation. The Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement will specify that all Super Senior Bridge Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof and of the related documentation (including the Amended Intercreditor Agreement), and the Bond Trustee and all Super Senior Bridge Bond transferees shall, when acquiring the Super Senior Bridge Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement, which will specify that all such transferees shall automatically be bound by the terms o f the Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken.

The Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement shall specify that it shall

7
UKDOCS/1517512.10

Private and Confidential Without Prejudice and Subject to Contract
be made available to the general public for inspection and may, until redemption in full of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds, be obtained on request by the Bond Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Super Senior Bridge Bonds.

25. Governing law of The Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement shall be governed by

the Super Senior Norwegian law and will be subject to the jurisdiction of Norwegian

Bridge Bonds

courts (at the competent legal venue of the Bond Trustee).

B. Super Senior Bridge Bond Subscription Process

1.

Offer to all Subscription for the Super Senior Bridge Bonds will be offered to all

Existing

First Lien Bondholders, subject to any restrictions imposed by

Bondholders

relevant securities laws. All subscriptions for Super Senior Bridge

Bonds must be received by the Manager(s) by the date which is 5

Business Days after the summons for the Bondholders' Meeting have

been posted on Stamdata (the "Subscription Period"). First Lien

Bondholders who subscribe for Super Senior Bridge Bonds within the

Subscription Period will be referred to as "Funding Bondholders". A

First Lien Bondholder's "Pro Rata Share" is established by

reference to the principal amount o f First Lien Bonds held by that

First Lien Bondholder on the date of the Bondholders' Meeting as a

proportion o f all o f the First Lien Bonds outstanding on that date (the

date o f the Bondholders' Meeting being the "Record Date").

2.

Entitlement

to Each First Lien Bondholder will be entitled to subscribe for at least

Subscribe

their Pro Rata Share of Super Senior Bridge Bonds. First Lien

Bondholders will, however, be entitled to apply for an amount of

Super Senior Bridge Bonds in excess of their respective Pro Rata

Share.

3.

Allocation where If a First Lien Bondholder subscribes for less than its Pro Rata Share,

subscription

is it will be allocated that number of Super Senior Bridge Bonds for

equal to or less which it subscribed.

than the Pro Rata Share

If a First Lien Bondholder subscribes for a principal amount of Super Senior Bridge Bonds that is equal to its Pro Rata Share, it will be

allocated that number of Super Senior Bridge Bonds for which it

subscribed.

4.

Allocation where Where First Lien Bondholder subscribe for more Super Senior Bridge

subscription

is Bonds than their Pro Rata Share (each an "Oversubscribing

greater than the Bondholder"), they will initially be allocated Super Senior Bridge

Pro Rata Share

Bonds based on their respective Pro Rata Share (the "Pro Rata

Allocation").

Following the Pro Rata Allocation, if Super Senior Bridge Bonds still remain unallocated, such unallocated Super Senior Bridge Bonds will be allocated to each Oversubscribing Bondholder (if such Oversubscribing Bondholder still has an unsatisfied subscription amount at that time) on a pro rata basis relative to the subscription amount for which that Oversubscribing Bondholder applied as a proportion of the aggregate subscription amount applied for by all

8
UKDOCS/1517512.10

Private and Confidential Without Prejudice and Subject to Contract
Oversubscribing Bondholders who, at that time, still have unsatisfied subscription amounts, subject, in each case, to a maximum allocation equal to the subscription amount for which the Oversubscribing Bondholder actually applied (the "Oversubscription Allocation").

5.

Offer to the Following the Oversubscription Allocation, if Super Senior Bridge

Market

Bonds remain unallocated, the Arrangers will be entitled to place the

unallocated Super Senior Bridge Bonds in the market at their

discretion.

C. Miscellaneous

1.

Amended

Intercreditor

Agreement

2.

Conditions

Precedent

UKDOCS/1517512.10

The Original Intercreditor Agreement will be amended and restated for the purpose of, amongst other things, constituting the super senior ranking of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds over the Existing Bonds (the "Amended Intercreditor Agreement").
It is intended that the Super Senior Bridge Bonds and the Existing Bonds will benefit from the same collateral package, however so that the Super Senior Bridge Bonds shall effectively be given first priority ranking pursuant to the subordination provisions described below and the Amended Intercreditor Agreement.
The Bond Trustee will be appointed as security trustee to hold the security on behalf of each of the creditor classes. The Bond Trustee will undertake to apply any Security Proceeds exclusively in repayment of (or for the benefit of) the Super Senior Bridge Bonds, subject to the waterfall under the Amended Intercreditor Agreement.
The Super Senior Bridge Bonds will rank senior to the Group's obligations under the First Lien Bonds.
The waterfall arrangements in the Intercreditor document will reflect the ranking, as set out in this Term Sheet.
The Super Senior Bondholders and the First Lien Bondholders shall be treated as i f they vote together as one creditor class for the purposes of giving instructions to the Security Agent in connection with any enforcement o f security securing the Super Senior Bonds and/or the Existing Bonds. Such instruction will require an affirmative vote o f creditors holding 50,01% or more o f the aggregate principal amount outstanding o f both the Super Senior Bridge Bonds and the First Lien Bonds (for these purposes, acting together as one single class o f voting bonds).
The issuance by the Company o f the Super Senior Bridge Bonds and the corresponding subscription of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds by the Funding Bondholders will be conditional upon (amongst other things) the following conditions precedent:
(i) receipt by the Bond Trustee of evidence satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that the Lead Managers have received subscriptions from investors for the Super Senior Bridge Bond in a total amount of USD 40,000,000 or more;
(ii) receipt by the Bond Trustee of an Approved Liquidity
9

Private and Confidential Without Prejudice and Subject to Contract

Budget;

(iii) receipt by the Bond Trustee of executed commitment letters in support of Restructuring from Norrskenet Folksam and PEAB in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;
(iv) receipt by the Bond Trustee of evidence satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that PEAB has validly agreed (i) to defer an amount corresponding to SEK 54,000,000 resulting from services rendered to the Group prior to the date hereof until 1 July 2014, (ii) as part of the implementation of the Restructuring to change its payment terms from payment in advance to a minimum credit period of 30-days, and (iii) convert their current outstanding supplier credit in the amount of approximately USD 63 million to equity;
(v) the entry into the Amended Intercreditor Agreement in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(vi) no member of the Group having entered into any bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, receivership or any other insolvency procedure (or any analogous proceeding in any other jurisdiction), whether voluntary or involuntary;

(vii)

no enforcement or acceleration action taken by or on

behalf of any of the other creditors and or suppliers of the

Company or any member of the Group being outstanding

under or in connection with any indebtedness o f the Company

or any member o f the Group;

(viii)

receipt of the requisite approvals of the First Lien

Bondholders and the Second Lien Bondholders for the

issuance of the Super Senior Bridge Bonds by way of

resolution in a Bondholders' Meeting or evidence in a form

satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that sufficient Existing

Bondholders have signed binding lock-up agreements that it

is certain that the relevant resolution will be passed when the

respective Bondholders' Meetings are held;

(ix) payment of all invoices issued to the Company and/or the Parent in respect of the fees and expenses of the Bond Trustee's advisers or the Bond Trustee accrued up to that date;
(x) the issue o f the Super Senior Bridge Bonds and the entry into of related obligations, including, without limitation, the Security, having been approved by (i) the Company's and Parent's boards of directors; and (ii) the boards of directors of those members of the Group necessary to create and perfect the security;
(xi) there being no fact or circumstance that will, or might, in the reasonable determination of the Bond Trustee, result in a Material Adverse Effect; and

3.

Bondholders'

(xii)

there being no events of default outstanding under

any of the Existing Bonds.

The Bond Agreement shall include such provisions concerning bondholder meetings and resolutions in a form and manner

10
UKDOCS/1517512.10

Private and Confidential Without Prejudice and Subject to Contract

Meeting

customary for the Norwegian high-yield bond market as of the date of the Bond Agreement, and provisions for written resolutions as an alternative to bondholder meetings. A majority of 2/3 of the voting Super Senior Bridge Bonds represented in the bondholders' meeting will be required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Super Senior Bridge Bond Agreement.
Summon of a bondholders meeting will only require a 5 Business Day notice period.

4.

Costs/Fees

The costs and expenses of the Funding Bondholders and Bond Trustee (and its advisers) in preparing and agreeing this Term Sheet and implementing this Term Sheet will be borne by the Parent and the Company.
The engagement/fee letters into which the Company has entered with the Bond Trustee's Advisers may not be terminated by the Company until full repayment of the Super Senior Bridge Bond. The Bond Trustee may withdraw from the Escrow Accounts, at any time, sufficient amounts for the payment of the Bond Trustee's and the Bond Trustee's Advisers fees and expenses.

5.

Reservation of

Rights

Any and all rights o f the Term Sheet Parties are fully reserved and the provisions of this Term Sheet will be without prejudice to all of their rights.

7.

Governing Law

This Term Sheet and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or

in connection with this Term Sheet shall be governed by Norwegian

law and will be subject to the jurisdiction of Norwegian courts (at the

competent legal venue of the Bond Trustee).

11
UKDOCS/1517512.10

