NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

To the bondholders in: ISIN: NO 001 036004.3 -FRN Monitor Oil Pic Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012

Oslo, 24 April 2008
Proposal to authorise the Loan Trustee to enter into an inter-creditor settlement agreement and to enforce over the Bond Escrow Account Summons to Bondholders' Meeting

Background
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NT" or the "Loan Trustee") is appointed as bond trustee for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Loan") where Monitor Oil Pic (the "Company") is the issuer.
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the loan agreement date 16 March 2007 (as amended on 22 October 2008) (the "Loan Agreement") unless otherwise stated.
As Bondholders are aware, on 21 November 2007 the Company and certain of its subsidiaries (the "Debtors") entered into Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings in the United States (the "US Proceedings"). The two principal unsecured creditors of the Company in these bankruptcy proceedings are (i) the Bondholders and (ii) the holders (the "Second Lien Lenders") of debt under a second lien credit facility dated 11 January 2007 (the "Second Lien Facility") between Credit Suisse (as agent) ("Credit Suisse"), the Company and certain of the Company's affiliates. Under the Second Lien Facility, the Second Lien Lenders have a guarantee claim against the Company.
The Loan Trustee and certain Bondholders have been in discussions with representatives of the Second Lien Lenders regarding the quantum of the Second Lien Lenders' unsecured claim against the Company, as well as how the Bondholders and the Second Lien Lenders might work together going forward as unsecured creditors of the Company, in maximising their recoveries from the Company. These discussions have resulted in a compromise regarding these matters being reached between an ad hoc committee of Bondholders who together hold 83% of the principal face amount of the Bonds (the "Committee") and the Second Lien Lenders.
In addition, the US Bankruptcy Court has now given its permission for the Loan Trustee to exercise its pledge over the funds in the Escrow Account (the "Escrow Monies"), which currently total approximately US$4,143,600.

MAILING ADDRESS · P.O.BOX I4 7 O VIKA, N -O I16 OSLO

LOCATION · HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

p ho n e · +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 o r g. nr no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail » mai l @t rust ee. no

NORSK TILLITSM ANN ASA
The Loan Trustee is therefore seeking the approval of Bondholders to it (i) being authorised and empowered to enter into compromise and settlement agreements with the Second Lien Lenders on behalf of (and so as to bind) all Bondholders, and (ii) taking enforcement action with respect to the Escrow Monies, each as more fully described below.
Pursuant to the Loan Agreement consent to these proposals require a majority of 2/3 the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting. A Bondholders' Meeting is summoned by NT and will be held at the premises of NT (Haakon VIIs gt. 1, Oslo - 7th floor) on 6 May 2008 at 13.00 hours (Oslo time).
1. The Compromise Agreement
The Loan Trustee believes that the Bondholders have a claim against the Company of US$55,245,268 (representing principal plus interest accrued up to the date of the Company's Chapter 11 filing, and net of costs). The Escrow Monies would need be deducted from that amount upon the Loan Trustee enforcing against these monies on behalf of Bondholders. The Second Lien Lenders believe that they have a claim against the Company with respect to the guarantee provided by the Company under the Second Lien Facility, of approximately US$82 million (representing principal plus interest accrued up to the date of the Company's Chapter 11 filing, and net of costs).
As can be seen, leaving aside the claims of any other unsecured creditors of the Company, and before including unpaid costs and expenses, the Bondholders and the Second Lien Lenders would share in the unsecured assets of the Company (after administrative expenses), as between themselves, on approximately a 40%:60% basis.
However, there has been some considerable discussion between the Committee and the Second Lien Lenders as to whether and to what extent the claim of the Second Lien Lenders should or could be reduced by reference to amounts the Second Lien Lenders recover with respect to certain collateral (including approximately US$45 million of cash collateral) that has been granted to them under the Second Lien Facility. This issue is dependent on a number of complex legal issues, which could be affected, amongst other things, by whether the Company remains in Chapter 11 proceedings in the United States, or (for example) is liquidated in another jurisdiction (such as the Cayman Islands, where the Company is incorporated).

N O RSK TILLITSM A N N ASA
The result of the discussions between the Committee and the Second Lien Lenders was that if some agreement could be reached on the valuation and treatment of unsecured claims against the Company, then both creditor groups would become aligned in their approach to how value is best realised for them as unsecured creditors of the Company going forward, irrespective of how their claims might be treated under any particular set of circumstances. Accordingly, on 10 April 2008, the Committee and the Second Lien Lenders entered into a binding term sheet setting out a compromise settlement arrangement (the "Settlement Term Sheet"). The Loan Trustee has also entered into the Settlement Term Sheet, but shall only become bound by its terms if a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds at a Bondholders' meeting approve certain resolutions regarding the settlement arrangement, as set forth below (the "Settlement Resolutions"). For this reason, and because the approval of the Settlement Resolutions is a condition to the Settlement Term Sheet remaining effective, the Committee have all agreed to vote in favour of the Settlement Resolutions at the Bondholders' meeting.
In summary, the Settlement Term Sheet addresses the following matters, amongst other things:
(a) the amounts of the claims of the Bondholders and the Second Lien Lenders against the Company;
(b) an agreement to work cooperatively to minimize the costs of the insolvency proceedings affecting the Debtors; and
(c) an agreed formula for the sharing and allocation of unsecured recoveries from the Company (if any).
In summary, the agreement in relation to (c) means that, as between Bondholders and the Second Lien Lenders, the 40% recovery for Bondholders described above will be improved, including by reference to (i) any recoveries made by the Second Lien Lenders with respect to their claims against Monitor Single Lift I Limited (the Company's subsidiary that is the principal company involved in the SLV project), and (ii) any recoveries of US$10 million or more made by the Company with respect to the US$53.8 million inter-company receivable owing to it by its wholly owned subsidiary, Monitor Producer 1Limited.
In order to give effect to the sharing and allocation arrangements in the Settlement Term Sheet described above, the Loan Trustee needs to be in a position on behalf of all of the Bondholders to receive and handle, including (if applicable) paying to Credit Suisse, distributions made by the Company to Bondholders.
It is also intended that the terms set forth in the Settlement Term Sheet will be formalised in a more detailed written agreement between Credit Suisse (for and on behalf of the Second Lien Lenders) and the Loan Trustee (for and on behalf of all the Bondholders), and the Loan Trustee requires further authorisation to become party to that agreement on behalf of all of the Bondholders.

N ORSK TILLITSM A N N ASA
2. Enforcement over Escrow Account
As Bondholders are aware, the Company has granted to the Loan Trustee a pledge over the funds in the Escrow Account in the form of the Escrow Account Pledge. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (which has occurred), the Loan Trustee is entitled to enforce the terms of the Escrow Account Pledge and instruct the bank holding the Escrow Monies to make payment of the Escrow Monies directly to the Loan Trustee. Such enforcement action was prohibited by the Chapter 11 stay, but the US Bankruptcy court has now authorised this enforcement action to be taken.
Under the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Escrow Monies may be used to meet the fees, costs and expenses of Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP ("Bingham") as legal adviser to the Committee. Further, following the Company filing for Chapter 11, 99% of the Bondholders formed an ad hoc committee of Bondholders for the purposes of the US Proceedings, represented by Bingham. The agreement reached with those Bondholders as to Bingham's retention was that their fees, costs, expenses and disbursements would be paid out of the Escrow Monies in priority to, and prior to, payment of any amounts in the Escrow Account being paid to Bondholders. A similar understanding was reached in relation to the professional advisory fees, costs and expenses of the Loan Trustee incurred in it taking certain actions on behalf of Bondholders, including (amongst other things) presenting a petition for the appointment of provisional liquidators to the Company in the Cayman islands, and participating in the Chapter 11 proceedings (including as a member of the official unsecured creditors' committee in those proceedings), provided that the quantum of such fees, costs and expenses have the written approval of holders of more than 50% of the aggregate principal face amount of the Bonds. As at 3 April 2008, the aforementioned fees, costs and expenses totalled approximately US$1.25 million. This includes a nominal fee to the Loan Trustee itself for its services of US$12,500. The Loan Trustee does not currently expect to seek any additional fees on its own behalf, assuming that the amount of work it undertakes on behalf of Bondholders does not significantly increase relative to the work undertaken by it to date.
The Loan Trustee therefore wishes to obtain formal approval through resolutions passed at the Bondholders' meeting, to meet the payment of these fees, costs and expenses (incurred up to the date of payment) out of the funds in the Escrow Account, provided that the quantum of such fees, costs and expenses have the written approval of holders of more than 50% of the aggregate principal face amount of the Bonds. The Loan Trustee would then intend to distribute to Bondholders the sum of US$1.5 million and to retain the balance (a) to meet the future fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of Bingham, and the future fees, costs and expenses of the Loan Trustee's legal advisers in relation to the Loan Trustee's representation of the Bondholders, and then (b) for further distribution (if applicable) to Bondholders. The Committee have agreed to vote in favour of such resolutions.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

Tuesday 6 May 2008 at 13.00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7th floor

-4-

NO RSK T ILLITSM A N N ASA
Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the resolutions. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman.
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following resolutions:
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is authorised and instructed to:
(1) enter into settlement and compromise agreements with Credit Suisse (as Second Lien Facility Agent) and the Second Lien Lenders, including the Settlement Term Sheet, on behalf of and so as to bind all the Bondholders, provided that the form of such agreements have been approved in writing (or also entered into) by holders of at least 66 % of the principal face amount of the Bonds (as so approved or entered into, "Second Lien Lender Agreements");
(2) take all steps necessary to give effect to the terms of Second Lien Lender Agreements on behalf of Bondholders, including (without limitation) (i) receiving distributions from the Company, (ii) agreeing the allocation of distributions received from the Company with Credit Suisse, (iii) holding distributions received from the Company pending agreement of allocations with Credit Suisse, and/or (iv) making payments to or receiving payments from Credit Suisse and/or the Second Lien Lenders out of distributions received from the Company;
(3) enforce the security over the Escrow Account by instructing the bank holding the Collateral (as defined in the Escrow Account Pledge) to make payment of all amounts standing to the credit of the Escrow Account from time to time directly to a segregated, interest bearing trust account held in the name of the Loan Trustee for the Bondholders (the "Trust Account");
(4) to hold and/or apply the monies in the Trust Account for the Bondholders without set off or counterclaim (save as expressly provided below) on the following basis and in following order of priority:
Firstly, and promptly:
(i) to pay:
(a) the fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of Bingham incurred up to the date of the Bondholders' meeting in it representing the Committee, and the ad hoc committee formed for the purposes of the US Proceedings, and
(b) the fees, costs and expenses of the legal advisers to the Loan Trustee incurred up to the date of the Bondholders' meeting, in the Loan Trustee taking certain actions on behalf of and representing Bondholders,
-5-

·

N O RSK T ILLITSM A N N ASA

provided that the quantum of such fees, costs, expenses and disbursements shall

have the written approval of holders of more than 50% of the aggregate

principal face amount of the Bonds;

(ii) to pay a fee to the Loan Trustee of US$12,500;

(iii) to make a distribution to Bondholders in respect of principal and interest on the Bonds in the amount of US$1,500,000;

And then to retain the balance of the monies in the Trust Account:

(iv) firstly to pay:

(a) the fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of Bingham incurred after the date of the Bondholders' meeting in representing the Committee, and the ad hoc committee of Bondholders formed for the purposes of the US Proceedings, and

(b) the fees, costs and expenses of the legal advisers to the Loan Trustee incurred after the date of the Bondholders' meeting, in the Loan Trustee representing Bondholders in the US Proceedings or any other insolvency proceedings with respect to the Company;

provided that (i) the incurrence and quantum of such fees, costs, expenses and disbursements shall have the written approval of holders of more than 50% of the aggregate principal face amount of the Bonds, and (ii) following such payment, the balance in the Trust Account shall not be reduced below US$500,000 without the written approval of the holders of at least 2/3 of the aggregate principal face amount of the Bonds; and

(v) secondly (after payment of amounts to be paid under (iv) above), for distribution to Bondholders upon the written approval of the holders of at least 2/3 of the aggregate principal face amount of the Bonds (provided that, prior to such distribution, any Bondholder may provide a written direction to the Loan Trustee as to where it wishes its distribution to be paid).

To approve the above resolutions, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolutions. In order to have a quorum, at least 2/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form1 from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

1If the bonds are held in custody other than in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (" Verdipapirsenlralen" or " TPS"), an evidence provided from the custodian - confirming that (i) you are the beneficial owner of the bonds, (ii) in which account number the bonds are hold, and (iii) the amount of bonds owned - have to be obtained and brought along to the bondholders' meeting or enclosed to the power of attorney (as the case may be).

-6-

NO RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
The individual bondholder may authorise Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) by 16.00 hours (4.00 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place. Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Ola Nygård Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
-7-

