NORDIC TRUSTEE

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kim utarbeidet p å engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA

To the bondholders in:

ISIN NO 001 060632.0 -

6.50 per cent Noreco Norway AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2015/2018

Oslo, 2 March 2016

Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
1 INTRODUCTION
Nordic Trustee ASA acts as trustee (the "Bond Trustee" or "Nordic Trustee") for the bondholders (together, the "Bondholders") in the above bond issue (together the "Bonds" / the "NOR06 Bond"/ the "Bond Issue") with Noreco Norway AS as issuer (the "Company" or the "Issuer").
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement amended and restated on 23 March 2015 (as amended from time to time, the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated.
This summons (the "Summons") is being issued at the request of Issuer.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer, the market conditions and the described transactions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
Bondholders are encouraged to read this Summons in its entirety.
2 BACKGROUND
2.1 Detnor and Enoch Transactions
Reference is made to the summons dated 20 January 2016 (the "January 2016 Summons") and the Bondholders' Meeting held 3 Februaiy 2016. The resolution proposed in the January 2016 Summons received 62.01% of the votes, which, according to the voting requirements of the Bond Agreement, was not sufficient for adoption of the proposed resolution.
Further reference is made to the press release by Norwegian Energy Company ASA ("Noreco" or the "Parent") on 2 March 2016 whereby the Parent disclosed that the Issuer has entered into a sale and purchase agreement (the "SPA") with Det norske oljeselskap ASA ("Detnor") for the sale of all of the Issuer's existing license interests, including the Gohta license (but excluding the interest in the Enoch license), and including all current employees of the Issuer, the lease agreement for the offices in Stavanger and such other agreements and assets as agreed between the parties (the "Detnor Transaction"). A consideration of NOK 45,000,000 shall be payable by the Issuer to Detnor on closing of the Detnor Transaction, adjusted for working capital as per 31 December 2015. Closing of the Detnor Transaction is subject to fulfilment of certain conditions, including consent from the Ministry of Oil and Energy and the Ministry of Finance.
Furthermore, as described in the January 2016 Summons, the Issuer has entered into a sale and purchase agreement to transfer its 4.36% participating interest in the Enoch licence to CapeOmega AS (the

PO Box 1470 Vika. N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

"Enoch Transaction"). A consideration of NOK 15,000,000 shall be payable by the Issuer to CapeOmega AS upon closing of the Enoch Transaction. Closing of the Enoch Transaction is subject to fulfilment of certain conditions. The Enoch Transaction together with the Detnor Transaction is hereinafter referred to as the "Transactions".
Subject to completions of the Transactions, the Issuer will terminate all activity in the Issuer, including a ceasing o f all of the Issuer's petroleum activities.
The board of the Issuer believes that the carrying out of the Transactions represents the best solution for the Issuer and its stakeholders, including the Bondholders.
The loss carried forward and unused uplift per 31 December 2015 is not part of the Transactions, and will be kept by the Issuer. The Issuer will claim refund of the tax value of the loss carried forward and unused uplift (the "Tax Refund") succeeding ceasing of all of the Issuer's petroleum activities, cf. the Petroleum Tax Act Section 3 c (4) and Section 5 (7).
Furthermore, the Issuer estimates an exploration tax refund for the year ended 31 December 2015 of approximately NOK 10 million (following repayment of the Issuer's exploration financing facility, including accrued interest) to be received in December 2016 (the "Exploration Tax Refund").
Subject to the Transactions being carried out and the Issuer receiving the Tax Refund and the Exploration Tax Refund, the Issuer estimates the aggregate of:
(i) the NOK 173 million standing to the credit of the Proceeds Account; (ii) NOK 18 million in free cash at the disposal of the Issuer following the Transactions; (iii) the Tax Refund; and (iv) the Exploration Tax Refund,
together the "Recovery Sources", to amount to approximately 94.7% of the initial principal amount of the Bonds of NOK 617,527,875 (the "Initial Principal Amount").
Should certain conditions in the Issuer's agreement for the sale of its 20% share of the Zidane-license be met (such conditions including that a plan for development and operation of the Zidane field is approved before 2018), the Issuer will have the right to receive an additional remuneration from the buyer (the "Zidane Payment"). The Issuer expects the aggregate amount of the Recovery Sources and the Zidane Payment (should such payment become payable) to be equal to or higher than 100% of the Initial Principal Amount.
2.2 Repayments and cap of outstanding amounts under the Bond Agreement
The Issuer has approximately NOK 173 million standing to the credit of the Proceeds Account that will be used to make a pro rata repayment (interest and principal) under the Bonds at par (the "Cash Sweep") at the first Interest Payment Date.
In addition to the Cash Sweep, the Issuer wishes to utilise cash as it becomes available to make pro rata repayments under the Bonds:
a) After closing of the Detnor Transaction, NOK 18 million to be paid as a pro rata repayment under the then Outstanding Bonds at par (estimated to occur prior to June 2016);
b) On payment of the Tax Refund, estimated NOK 383 million to be paid as a pro rata repayment under the then Outstanding Bonds at par (estimated to occur in December 2017, conditional upon approval by the Ministry o f Finance);
c) On payment of the Exploration Tax Refund and repayment of the Issuer's liabilities under its exploration financing facility (including accrued interest on such facility), estimated NOK 10 million to be paid as a pro rata repayment under the then Outstanding Bonds at par (estimated to occur in December 2016),

The NOK 18 million mentioned in a), the Tax Refund mentioned in b), and the Exploration Tax Refund mentioned in c) are together with the Cash Sweep referred to as the "Repayments".

As the Issuer effectively will cease its petroleum activities following the Transactions, the Recovery Sources and the Zidane Payment constitute available recovery sources for the Bondholders. The Issuer proposes that all remaining Outstanding Bonds (including any accrued interest) shall be discharged following an aggregate repayment by the Issuer of an amount equal to (as relevant):

1.

the Repayments and an amount corresponding to the highest of NOK 33,200,000 and

30% of the Zidane Payment, or

2.

in the event that the Issuer does not on or before 31 January 2018 become entitled to the

Zidane Payment, the Repayments, or

3.

in the event that the Zidane Payment is NOK 33,200,000 or less, the Repayments and the

Zidane Payment,

(the amounts stipulated in (1.), (2.) or (3.), respectively, is herein referred to as the "Repayment Amount").

3 THE BOND AGREEMENT

3.1 The Transactions

Several provisions of the Bond Agreement prohibit or limit the carrying out of elements of the Detnor Transaction. These include (without limitation) Clauses 13.3.4 (Continuation o f business), 13.3.5 (Disposal o f assets/business), 13.4.4 (Insurances) and 13.4.1 (Dividends and other distributions).

Should the Detnor Transaction be carried out prior to the Enoch Transaction, some of the same limitations under the Bond Agreement would apply to the Enoch Transaction as the Enoch license would then be the remaining substantial asset and business of the Issuer. It is on this background and in this context that consent is requested for both Transactions.

Should the Detnor Transaction not be carried out, the Enoch Transaction will not require the consent of the Bondholders. Therefore, should the Bondholders resolve not to approve the Transactions, so that the Detnor Transaction is not carried out, the Enoch Transaction will still be completed.

By accepting the Proposal (as defined below), Bondholders waive all breaches of any relevant provisions of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document in relation to each of the Transactions.

3.2 Cash sweep and cap of outstanding amounts under the Bond Agreement

Clause 10.4.1 of the Bond Agreement requires that cash sweeps are made on each Interest Payment Date. Furthermore, according to Clause 10.2.2 of the Bond Agreement the exercise of the call option requires 30 Business Day prior notice. By approving the Repayments, the Bondholders waive any notice period requirements under the Bond Agreement, and any requirement that the Repayments cannot be carried out until the next Interest Payment Date, except that the Issuer shall provide 5 Business Days' notice to the Trustee of any repayment.

Several provisions of the Bond Agreement require the Issuer to repay all Outstanding Bonds as a condition for discharge of its obligations under the Bond Agreement. By accepting the Proposal (as defined below), Bondholders waive all breaches of any relevant provisions of the Bond Agreement and any other finance obligation exceeding the relevant Repayment Amount.

3.3 Notice period for Bondholders' Meetings

The Issuer wishes, in order to quickly present and resolve issues with the Bondholders, to reduce the notice period for future Bondholders' Meetings from 10 to 5 Business Days.

4 THE PROPOSAL

Based on the foregoing, the Bond Trustee has convened a Bondholders' Meeting in order to approve the following proposal (the "Proposal")-.

"The Bondholders agree to the following:

i. The Detnor Transaction is approved.

ii. The Enoch Transaction is approved.

Hi. Provided that (i) and (ii) are approved, the timingfo r the Repayments are accepted.

iv. That the Bond Agreement shall be amended to reflect that all Outstanding Bonds shall be discharged and redeemed in fu ll upon repayment by the Issuer o f the relevant Repayment Amount.

v. The Bond Agreement shall be amended to make the notice periodfo r Bondholders 'Meetings five (5) Business Days.

By accepting the Proposal, Bondholders waive all breaches o f any relevant provisions o f the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document in relation to each o f the Transactions, including, without limitation, Clauses 13.3.4 (Continuation o f business), 13.3.5 (Disposal o f assets/business), 13.4.4 (Insurances) and 13.4.1 (Dividends and other distributions). "

5 FURTHER INFORMATION

For further information about the Company, please visit the Company's website www.noreco.com.

For further information regarding the Transactions and the Proposal, Bondholders can contact the CEO of Noreco Group Silje Augustson at telephone: +47 468 19 180 and email: 5ilje.Augustson@noreco.com.

6 EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL

The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendation from the Bond Trustee, and the Bond Trustee emphasises that each Bondholder should cast its vote in the Bondholders' Meeting based on its own evaluation of the Proposal. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable and vote accordingly. The Bond Trustee urges each Bondholder to seek advice in order to evaluate the Proposal.

The Issuer has informed the Bond Trustee that major Bondholders holding a majority of the Outstanding Bonds have undertaken to vote in favour o f the Proposal.

7 SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS

The Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting, the details of which are set out below:

Time:

16 March 2016 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA,

Haakon VHs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda:
1. Approval of the Summons.
2. Approval o f the agenda.
3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman.
4. Request for adoption of the Proposal:
It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting resolve the following:
"That the Bondholders ' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in sections 2, 3, and 4 (including the waivers as described in section 3 o f the Summons) o f the Summons to the Bondholders ' Meeting and the Bond Trustee is given a power o f attorney to make any amendments to the Bond Agreement required to implement the Proposal. "

To approve the Proposal, Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented (in person or by proxy) at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the Proposal. In order to have a quorum at least 1/2 of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the Bondholders' Meeting.
If the above is not adopted by the Bonds as proposed herein, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS) as Schedule A hereto, indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Nordic Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Nordic Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to mail@nordictrustee.com. +47 22 87 94 10, or Nordic Trustee ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely
Nordic Trustee ASA

Lars Erik Lærum

Enclosed:

Bondholder's Form

