NORDIC TRUSTEE ISIN NO 001 064167.3 - FRN I.M. Skaugen SE Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2012/2017
Oslo, 9 January 2017

SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING - REQUEST FOR AMENDMENTS
Nordic Trustee ASA acts as trustee (the "Bond Trustee") for the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in the above bond issue (the "Bonds" or "IMSK13") with I.M. Skaugen SE as issuer (the "Issuer").
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 29 March 2012 (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. BACKGROUND
The Issuer informs that it is seeking a solution to amend the Maturity Date to 17 February 2017 and to postpone the payment of the coupon due 11 January 2017 until Maturity Date. This will allow the Issuer to prepare and present to its creditors a refinancing plan to handle all o f its coming debt maturities.
As stated in the Issuer's Q3 report the Issuer has entered into discussions with relevant parties regarding the refinancing o f the 2017 debt maturities. The Nordea syndicate, the Swedbanlc swap and IMSK12 all have maturity date 17 February 2017, while IMSK13 currently has maturity date 11 April 2017. To facilitate the refinancing discussions and the process of finding a common solution with all o f its creditors the Issuer believes it is suitable to align all maturity dates, and hence expedite the IMSK13 maturity date.
Furthermore, as part o f the expedited maturity date solution, and the fact that it is a short period of time until the debt maturities, the Issuer also finds it prudent to postpone the payment of the coupon due 11 January 2017 until Maturity Date.
As communicated for a period of time the Issuer is actively pursuing 4 specific SSLNG projects, which, if realised, will improve the cash generation given the premium rates SSLNG projects achieve compared to Petrochemical/LPG rates. Some of these projects are ongoing tenders and due to any such contract's positive impact on the Issuer's refinancing capabilities the Issuer believes it is in all creditors interest to allow the Issuer to continue to work on commercialising the projects while the Issuer is preparing and discussing a refinancing plan to handle its coming debt maturities with all its creditors.
The IMSK13 Bond Issue with NOK 350m outstanding is currently maturing on 11 April 2017, whereof there is currently NOK 243.5 million (approx. USD 31 million) voting bonds (net of current Issuer's Bonds of NOK 106.5m).

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

NORDIC TRUSTEE
The proposal is approved by the Board o f Directors o f I.M. Skaugen SE.
For further information regarding the Issuer and other updates, please refer to the Issuer's recent stock exchange announcements and the Issuer's financial reports, all available on www.newsweb.no and the Issuer's web page www.skaugen.com.
2. THE PROPOSAL
The Issuer has approached the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' Meeting to propose that the Bond Agreement shall be amended as follows (the "Proposal"):
i. Under 1.1 Definitions the definition o f Maturity Date shall be amended to read as follows: " "Maturity Date" means 17 February 2017 or an earlier maturity date as provided fo r in this Bond Agreement. Anyfurther adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention. "
ii. Section 9.2 shall be amended and read as follows: "Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, except the interest payment in January 2017 with settlement date 11 January 2017 and record date 9 January 2017, which shall be payable at the Maturity Date. No default interest shall accrue on the interest paymentfalling due in January 2017from and including 11 January 2017 to, but excluding, the Maturity Date. "
3. FURTHER INFORMATION
The Issuer has engaged Arctic Securities AS as its financial advisor (the "Advisor") with respect to the Proposal. Accordingly, Bondholders may contact the Advisor for further information: Arctic Securities AS:
· Fabian Qvist, tel: +47 21 01 31 91, cell: + 47 48 40 31 91, email: fabian.qvist@arctic.com
· Jan Henrik Getz, tel: +47 21 01 32 92, cell: + 47 48 40 32 92, email: ian.getz@arctic.com
In light o f the coming refinancing o f all o f the Issuer's debt maturities, the Issuer further encourages all Bondholders to contact the Advisor to facilitate a constructive process.
The Advisor acts solely for the Issuer and no-one else in connection herewith. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by the Advisor with respect to the Issuer, and the Advisor expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposal (including but not limited to the information contained herein).
For further questions to the Bond Trustee, please contact Vivian Trosch at trosch@nordictrustee.com or + 47 22 87 94 22.

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon Vlls gate 1, Oslo

nordlctrustee.com

NORDIC TRUSTEE
4. EVALUATION AND NON-RELIANCE

The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable and vote accordingly. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal, financial and tax advisors regarding the effect o f the Proposal.

The Bond Trustee is informed by the Issuer that Bondholders holding a simple majority (53%) of the Voting Bonds have undertaken to vote in favor of the Proposal.

5. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

The Bondholders are hereby summoned to Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

23 January 2017 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 6th floor

Agenda: 1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval o f the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption o f the Proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meeting for the Bond Issue resolves the following: "The Bondholders' Meeting approves the Proposal as described in section 2 o f the summons for the Bondholders 'Meeting. The Bond Trustee is authorized to implement the Proposal.
>f< # sfc >fc
To approve the Proposal, Bondholders representing more than 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented (in person or by proxy) at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour o f the Proposal. In order to have a quorum at least half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting.

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS) as Schedule A hereto, indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership o f the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner o f the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount o f the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to mail@nordictrustee.com , +47 22 87 94 10, or Nordic Trustee ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway).

PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo, Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo

nordictrustee.com

NORDIC TRUSTEE in the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page o f this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Business Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely
Vivian Trøsch
Enclosed: Schedule A - Bondholder's Form

