NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
Dette brevet til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere informasjon vennligst ta kontakt med Norsk Tillitsmann ASA på telefon +47 22 87 94 00.

To the bondholders in:
ISIN NO 001031608.6 - 9.75 per cent Petromena ASA Callable Bond Issue 2006/2012 and ISIN NO 001039578.3 - 10.85 per cent Petromena ASA Senior Secured Callable bond Issue 2007/2010 and
Oslo, February 25, 2009

Proposal to amend Bond Loan Agreements - Summons to Bondholders' Meetings

1. BACKGROUND
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NTM" / "Norsk Tillitsmann" / "Loan Trustee") acts as trustee for the holders of bonds (the "Bonds") in the above-mentioned loans (the "Bond Loans") with ISIN NO 001031608.6 (the "NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue") and ISIN NO 001039578.3 (the "USDm 264 Bond Issue") where Petromena ASA ("Petromena" / the "Company") is the borrower.

All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the loan agreement related to each of the Bond Loans (the "Bond Loan Agreements") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.

The Borrower is calling for the Bondholders' meetings in both the Bond Loans.

Furthermore, pursuant to the Bond Agreements, a Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the outstanding Bonds. NTM has received such request from Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch ("Requesting Bondholder") as a holder of minimum 1/10 of the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue. The summons for the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue is based on the jointly request from the Company and the Requesting Bondholder.

Reference is made to the Company Update and the summons letter distributed by the Company on 19 December 2008. On 16 January 2009 there were Bondholders' meetings in each of the Bond Loans, however the Bondholders did not approve the Company's proposals in such meetings.

The information herein regarding the legal, operational and financial status o f the Company is provided by the Company. The Loan Trustee expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever in connection with such information given from the Company.

The Company has now received a commitment letter and final term sheet from Lloyds

TSB Bank for USD 200 million out of a USD 300 million 1st lien structure in respect of

M AILING ADDRESS · P.O.BO X 14 7 0 VIKA, N -OI16 OSLO

LOCATION ® HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

47 22 87 94 00

fax · +47 22 87 94 10

org.nr » no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail m mail@trustee.no
1

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

Rig 1, and the Company is working actively to secure the remaining USD 100 million from another bank under the same, or substantially the same, terms and conditions provided by Lloyds TSB Bank. The Company is optimistic with regards to this. However, the process with the banks is delayed as long as the Bondholders are reluctant to increase the allowed carve-out from USD 200 million to USD 300 million of 1st lien debt. In the Company's opinion, allowing for this bank financing and securing the USD 300 million of debt in respect of Rig 1 is the most important issue for Petromena for the time being. The Company therefore asks the Bondholders to vote in favor of the amendment proposals described herein. In the Company's opinion, the alternative is jeopardizing the Bondholders' values.
Parallel to working with the bank financing for Petrorig 1, the Company has managed to sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with an international drilling contractor regarding sale of Petrorig 3 for approximately USD 540 million. Furthermore, the Company has managed to get an extension for the second last yard installment for Petrorig 3 of USD 105 million from 31 January 2009 to delivery of the rig in January 2010. This demonstrates the Company's ability to secure the support of commercial counterparties.
The figure below gives an overview if the Company with subsidiaries (the "Group").

P etro m en a A S A Debt; NO Km 2,000 bond
USDm 264 bond

M anagem ent services according to m anagement agreement w ith LOG

100%

100%

P e tro rig I P te L td P e tr o r ig II P te L td

100%
P e tro rig III Pte Ltd
D ebt: N O K m 1,600
bond

Owner of Rig 1

Owner of Rig 2

Owner of Rig 3

100%
P etrom en a Ltd
Owner of SS Petrolia

Petromena has, through its subsidiaries Petrorig I Pte Ltd, Petrorig II Pte Ltd and Petrorig III Pte Ltd (the "Singapore Subsidiaries") three ultra deepwater drilling units ("Rig 1, Rig 2 and Rig 3") under construction at Jurong Shipyard in Singapore ("Jurong"). The rigs have expected delivery dates at 30th April 2009, 30th September 2009 and 31st January 2010 respectively.
Rig 1 and Rig 2 are included in the security package for the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue by i.a. the Assignment of Construction Contract (pre delivery) and the Mortgage and Assignment of Insurances (post delivery), while i.a. the shares in the Singapore Subsidiaries are included in the security package for the USDm 264 Bond Issue by Share Charges. In addition, the Company owns one operating drilling rig ("SS Petrolia") through its subsidiary Petromena Limited, which is also included in the security package for the USDm 264 Bond Issue. Rig 3 is part of the security package for a NOK 1,600 million bond issue issued by the subsidiary Petrorig III Pte Ltd. All four rigs owned by the Company have secured time charter contracts with either Petrobras or Pemex, with a total value of USD 2,556 million.

2

N O RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

Remaining financing uses and sources In order to complete the construction of the three new rigs and to bring the units into operation, the Group has remaining capital expenditures of approximately USD 300 million per rig, USD 900 million in total. The table below shows remaining capital expenditures related to the rigs.

(U S D m ) R e m a in in g yard p a y m e n ts O th e r c o s ts to g e t rig in to o p e ra tio n s (in c l. m o b c o s ts ) T o ta l re m a in in g c a p ita l n eed

P e tro rig 1 225 71 295

P e tro rig 2 243 57 300

P e tro rig 3 270 81 351

A v a ila b le cash N e t c a p ita l n eed

295

300

38 314

N o te s: 1) P e tro rig 3 rig c o s ts is U S D m 1 5 7 + U S D m 1 0 5 * 1 .0 8 (8 % in te re s t o n p o s tp o n e d a m o u n t) 2 ) P e tro rig III P te L td h a s N O K m 2 4 6 o n e s c ro w a c c o u n t re la te d to th e F R N b o n d

In late 2007, the Group established a USD 200 million bank financing for each of these rigs from Lloyds TSB Bank, equaling the maximum amount of first priority debt (the "First Priority Debt") allowed under the Bond Loan Agreements. The finalization of this loan facility presupposes i.a. finalization of an inter-creditor agreement with the Loan Trustee, such finalization yet to occur. However, the currently undrawn USD 200 million credit facility for each rig will not be sufficient to fully fund each rig as there is a funding gap of approximately USD 100 million per rig in order to bring the units into operation.

Petromena has over time explored various alternatives to meet this funding requirement, and the Company is now in the process of finalizing the USD 300 million 1st lien bank facility, of which USD 200 million is committed by Lloyds TSB Bank in respect of Rig 1. On the basis of the commitment by Lloyds TSB Bank, the Company is working with another bank to provide a commitment for the remaining USD 100 million, under the same, or substantially the same, terms and conditions as provided by Lloyds TSB Bank. Lloyds TSB Bank has here accepted that the additional USD 100 million amount has the same priority as Lloyds TSB Bank. As a pre condition for providing the new facility, Lloyds TSB Bank has demanded that the bank is released from the previous facilities related to the rigs, USD 600 million in total. Accordingly, the Company will have a funding gap of approximately USD 300 million with respect to Rig 2 and USD 300 million with respect to Rig 3. The Company is of the opinion that it is a preferred alternative to fund and finalize Rig 1 separately on the terms indicated from the banks, while actively seeking necessary financing of Rig 2 and Rig 3. The fact that a MOU is signed for Rig 3 enhances, in the opinion of the Company, this strategy even further.

All alternatives involving USD 300 million of debt with better priority than the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue and USDm 264 Bond Issue in Rig 1 and Rig 2 require changes in the Bond Loan Agreements in order to be implemented, as the Bond Loan Agreements are limiting the first priority carve-out to USD 200 million related to each rig. Accordingly, the Company will put forward a proposal to increase this carve-out in the Bond Loan Agreements for an amount up to USD 300 million for Rig 1 as described below. This will, according to the Company, be sufficient to finance the yard delivery installment and other costs that are needed in order to bring Rig 1 into operation.

3

NO RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
Various outcomes o f the proposed amendments In the Company's opinion, it is very important that all Bondholders realize the consequences of the two possible outcomes of the Bondholders meetings, namely approval or not approval of the proposed amendments. If the proposed amendments are accepted, the Company will be able to fund and take delivery of Rig 1. The value of a rig that has been tested, mobilized and started to operate is significantly higher compared to a rig that is not.
If the proposed amendments are not accepted, the Company and its subsidiary are likely to default under the construction contract for Rig 1. This will be a very difficult position for the Company and all its stakeholders (including the Bondholders). If Petrorig I defaults under the construction contract with Jurong Shipyard, the yard has the right to initiate a sale of the rig. Under the construction contract between Petrorig I and Jurong Shipyard, the position is as follows: if Petrorig I defaults in making the delivery installment and fails to take delivery of the rig:
After technical acceptance of the rig by Petrorig I, Jurong shall nominate a banking day with not less than three working days advance notice to Petrorig I on which the rig will be delivered. If Petrorig I is unable to take delivery of the rig as a result of its inability to pay the delivery installment, this will be a purchaser's default under the construction contract.
In such an event, Jurong shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to terminate the construction contract by giving written notice to the Petrorig I. If the construction contract is terminated in accordance with this provision, (i) Jurong shall cease to be under any further obligation to construct and deliver the rig to Petrorig I, (ii) any purchaser's supplies installed onto the rig or in the custody of Jurong will become the property of Jurong and (iii) any amounts paid under the previous installments will be retained and applied towards the contract price due to Jurong.
Following this, Jurong has the right to sell the rig. If the proceeds from a sale exceed what is due to Jurong, the yard shall pay such excess amount within 60 days of receipt of the same to Petrorig I, provided that such amount shall in no event exceed the total amount of the installments previously paid by Petrorig I and other monies of Petrorig I held by Jurong.
The remaining installment for Rig 1 is USD 224.5 million, payable at delivery. In addition the yard may claim coverage of costs. To summarize, if Petrorig I fails to take delivery of Rig 1, USD 224.5 million plus the yards cost and other claims will be covered before any proceeds fall to Rig 1. The yard has limited responsibility to obtain a higher price for the rig, as long as a sale is concluded on best effort basis.
Changes vis-a-vis previous bondholder meetings The Company has received feedback related to the amendment proposal from various bondholders over the last weeks. In good faith, the Company has therefore incorporated
4

N O RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

this feedback to the extent possible. This feedback is mainly related to covering the fees of Bondholders' advisers and commitment from the Company to sell rigs.

2. THE PROPOSED CHANGES IN THE BOND LOAN AGREEMENTS:
The Company puts forward the proposals (the "Proposals") below for the respective Bond Loan Agreements. In order that a valid resolution shall be adopted for each of the Loans, the proposed changes must be approved by the Bondholders' meetings in each of the Loans described herein.
All the Proposals below for both the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue and the USDm 264 Bond Issue are subject to USD 300 million of 1st lien debt with better priority than the NOK 2,000 million Bond Issue in Rig 1 being secured.

2.1. FOR BOTH THE BOND LOANS

2.1.1. Sale o f a rig The Company shall immediately appoint an internationally recognized rig broker (the "Rig Broker") for the purpose of marketing for sale (the "Sale") of Rig 1 and Rig 2 owned by the Group (Rig 1 and Rig 2, "each a Unit", or together being the "Units") or the construction projects relating thereto. The terms and conditions of such appointment shall be approved by the Loan Trustee and by 2/5 of the holders of each of the relevant Bond issues. None of the approvals would need to be provided in a Bondholder meeting. The approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

The Sale shall be performed in accordance with the following principles:

(i)

The Rig Broker shall have an exclusive mandate to market the Units. If the

Company wishes to utilize additional rig brokers this shall be approved by the

Loan Trustee.

(ii) The Rig Broker's mandate shall be to obtain the maximum purchase price possible for each of the Units taking into consideration the status of construction or operation of a particular Unit and any on-going obligations with respect to construction of the Unit.

(iii) The Sale shall be performed as part of the Borrower's ordinary course of business without the Sale as such having the effect of reducing the value of any of the Units. The method of sale shall be chosen with a view to achieving full repayment of the bond loans within the Group as soon as commercially practicable.

(iv) The Borrower shall use its best efforts to efficiently and actively contribute to and co-operate with respect to a Sale, including, without limitation, assisting the Rig Broker with relevant personnel and other resources in connection with presentations or other marketing activities (as deemed appropriate by the Rig Broker) and providing and procuring full access to information requested by

5

N O RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
the Rig Broker. The Rig Broker shall be entitled to report to and communicate openly with the Loan Trustee, as long as this is in compliance with relevant confidentiality clauses.
(v) Save as set out in this summons, the pursuit of a Sale shall not imply a default under or breach of any agreement to which the Borrower or any company in the Borrower's group is a party.
(vi) The Borrower shall provide twice monthly updates to the Loan Trustee (or otherwise as reasonably requested by the Loan Trustee) on the status of the marketing and Sale process.
(vii) As soon as practically possible, after the approval of the Proposals in the Bondholders' meetings, the Company and the Loan Trustee, subject to approval by 2/5 of the holders of each of the relevant Bond Loans, will appoint an Independent Expert to agree on the Sale procedure and to monitor the status of the Sale.
(vii) It is understood that, upon securing commitment of financing for the completion of Rig 1 as per clause 2.2.1 and 2.3.1, the Sale of Rig 1 and Rig 2 will not be actively pursued until Rig 1 has been accepted for operations.
2.1.2. Reporting and approval The Borrower shall consult (and shall procure that the relevant Singapore Subsidiary consults) with the Loan Trustee and the Rig Broker on all material issues and actions of importance to be taken in accordance with the marketing and a Sale. Any and all interest shown by potential bidder and buyers shall be promptly reported by the Borrower to the Rig Broker and the Loan Trustee.
No Sale of a Unit or Rig 3 (nor a sale of any of the shares in the Singapore Subsidiaries) may take place without the prior approval of a Bondholder meeting unless the sale process is sufficient to repay the relevant bond loans together with costs in accordance with the mandatory redemption clauses in the respective loan agreements. Any Bondholder meeting to approve such a transaction must be held on at least 10 Banking Days notice (unless the Loan Trustee consents to a shorter period). The meeting summons to approve such sale must set out in reasonable detail all relevant terms of the proposed sale including (without limitation): (i) price (ii) any conditions (iii) funding arrangements (iv) identity of purchaser and (v) timing; save as the potential buyer has accepted such disclosure.
2.1.2. Financing of Rig 1 Any new or revised loan arrangement or other financing arrangement related to Rig 1 must be approved by the Loan Trustee. The Loan Trustee shall provide its approval to the loan arrangement if it is satisfied that it is on reasonable market terms and would not materially prejudice the recovery of the Bondholders.
In making this determination, the Loan Trustee may require to consult with and obtain the confirmation of two independent banks or other financial institutions that commonly
6

N O RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

provide or arrange financing for the offshore industry as to whether the financing arrangement is on reasonable market terms, taking into account the present financial market, the circumstances of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries. The two independent banks / financial institutions shall be chosen by the Loan Trustee.

Neither of the banks nor financial institutions may be affiliated or associated with or otherwise have a relationship with the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries or any holding company or material shareholder of the Borrower or any of their subsidiaries or otherwise have a conflict of interest.

Bondholders shall have the right and are invited to offer financing for Rig 1 and such offers shall be considered in good faith by the Borrower together with other financing offers. In the case of a bondholder led financing offer, neither bank nor financial institution may include a bank or financial institution with is involved in or advising the Trustee on that financing offer.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any loan arrangement which is provided in whole or in part (whether directly or indirectly) by a company affiliated or associated with the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries or any holding company or material shareholder of the Borrower or any of their subsidiaries must be approved by the Loan Trustee with support of 2/5 of the Bondholders in the Loans.

2.1.4. Exchange o f information The parties' obligation to exchange information and to forward information to the Bondholders in accordance with the Bond Loan Agreement shall always be subject to applicable law, including rules and regulations governing inside information related to listed companies. To the extent the Bondholders' consent is required under this agreement, such consent shall be obtained on the basis of such applicable law, including rules and regulations on non disclosure and on trade of securities, including shares and Bonds.

2.1.5. Engagement o f Financial Adviser The Loan Trustee shall be entitled to immediately appoint a financial adviser to conduct a business due diligence of the Group and the construction projects for the Units and Rig 3 (the "Financial Adviser"). The Company understands that the Bondholders want to engage AMA Capital Partners ("AMA") as their Financial Adviser. The Company is positive to the Loan Trustee engaging AMA.

The key terms of the engagement of the Financial Adviser shall include the following:

(i)

The Financial Adviser shall be engaged by the Loan Trustee (for and on behalf

of the Bondholders in all the Bond Loans in the Group).

(ii) The Financial Adviser shall be given full access to information and co operation by the Borrower and any member of the Group on all matters relating to the financial condition of the Group and the Rigs, subject however to art. 2.1.4 above.

7

N O R SK TIL L IT SM A N N ASA
(iii) The Financial Adviser shall report to and consult with the Rig Broker and shall be given full access to information and reports from the Rig Broker.
(iv) The fees of the Financial Adviser shall be met by the Borrower and the Bondholders. The Borrower will cover monthly fees of up to USD 70,000 in aggregate for the bond loans within the Group for a minimum of 2 months + cost cover for travel and other reasonable and documented business expenses incurred, while the Bondholders will cover any agreed success fees deducted from any proceeds made to bondholders. The Loan Trustee shall negotiate the success fee with the Financial Adviser.
2.1.6. Engagement o f Legal Adviser If deemed necessary by the Loan Trustee, the Loan Trustee shall be entitled to appoint and engage (on behalf of the bondholders in the bond loans within the Group) a legal adviser to conduct a legal due diligence of the Company and the construction projects for the Units (the "Legal Adviser"). The Legal Adviser shall be given full access to information and co-operation by the Borrower on all matters relating to the financial condition of the Borrower, subject however to art. 2.1.4 above. The reasonable and documented fees of the Advisers shall be met by the Borrower. The Company understands that the Bondholders want to engage Bingham McCutchen (London) LLP ("Bingham") as their legal adviser. The Company is positive to the Loan Trustee engaging Bingham.
2.1.7. Events o f Default Each of the following will constitute an Event of Default under the Bond Loan Agreement:
(i) If the Rig Broker or Financial Adviser (as defined herein) notifies the Loan Trustee that it has not been given adequate access to material information or co operation by the Borrower or its subsidiaries within reasonable time and the Borrower is entitled to give such information under applicable law and that such breach is not remedied within seven days.
(ii) If the Borrower or one of its subsidiaries enters into any new financing arrangement in connection with Rig 1 other than as approved by the Loan Trustee in accordance with the provisions of section 2.1.3.
(iii) If any member of the Group is notified in writing by the Loan Trustee that it is in material breach of any of its other obligations under this Proposals and that such breach is not remedied within seven days.
2.2. FOR THE NOKm 2,000 BOND ISSUE
2.2.1. Increase the carve-out amount for First Priority Debt related to Rig 1 Petromena is proposing to increase the allowed carve-out amount for First Priority Debt related to Rig 1 from USD 200 million to USD 300 million and proposes that the first priority loan security related to Rig 1 shall be USD 300 million, plus interest, cost and expenses. Accordingly the First Priority Debt will be maximum USD 500 million where
8

N O RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
maximum USD 300 million may relate to Petrorig I and maximum USD 200 million may relate to Petrorig II. The First Priority Debt might consist of one loan or a combination of various loans and may include a pre delivery credit facility of up to USD 30 million with First Assignment in the construction contract for Rig 1 (such proceeds to be utilized for the purpose of securing supervision of the finalization of Rig 1 together with the mobilization and delivery of the rig in accordance. Without such funds the Borrower together with its creditors will risk that completeness of Rig 1 and the preparation for operation or sale is put in danger which again will reduce the value of Rig 1). For the avoidance of doubt, any pre delivery credit facility shall be refinanced with the USD 300 million First Priority Debt in connection with delivery of Rig 1. The pre delivery credit facility shall be subject to binding term sheets are signed for USD 300 million of 1st lien debt with better priority than the NOK 2,000 million Bond Issue in Rig 1.
The maximum allowed First Priority Debt in Petrorig I shall be reduced with USD 30 million within the date falling four years after Settlement Date and with additional USD 30 million five years after Settlement Date. The maximum allowed First Priority Debt in Petrorig II shall be reduced with USD 20 million within the date falling four years after Settlement Date and with additional USD 20 million five years after Settlement Date.
2.2.2. No First Priority Assignment related to Rig 2 until delivery o f such rig Petromena is also proposing a change where after the Group is not allowed to offer any First Priority Assignment in the Construction Contract for Rig 2. Accordingly, the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue will have the highest priority assignment in the Construction Contract related to Rig 2 during this period (however, until delivery, the yard will have full title of relevant rig, and de facto have full control of the rig both by ownership as well as maritime lien).
For the avoidance of doubt, Petrorig II shall be allowed to (pre) agree upon a new First Priority Debt to be paid upon delivery with i.a. First Mortgage in Rig 2 upon delivery.
The present carve-out for Rig 2 following delivery will remain. Hence, after delivery of both Rig 1 and Rig 2 the Group is allowed to take up USD 300 million of First Priority Debt related to Rig 1 and USD 200 million of First Priority Debt related to Rig 2.
Such First Priority Debt shall not be cross collateralized unless this is required by the lenders (i.e. if the same bank(s) should provide the bank loan facility for Rig 1 and Rig 2).
2.2.3. Improved security package on second priority
As part of the amendment proposal, Petromena will propose that the security for the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue is improved to reflect the security package for the First Priority Debt to the extent possible, however ranking with second priority in all relevant assets behind the First Priority Security. It is also suggested that the security package for the USDm 264 Bond Issue will be amended correspondingly, however ranking with third priority in the relevant assets.
9

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
The current security under the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue is as follows:
Deposit Account Pledge(s), Assignment of Construction Contracts in respect of the construction contracts for Rig 1 and Rig 2 (pre delivery) and Rig Mortgage and Assignment of Insurances (post delivery). All security ranks presently with first priority, however (other than the Deposit Account Pledge) to rank with second priority after the First Priority Security.
The following security package in favor of the Loan Trustee is proposed (all other than the Deposit Account Pledge ranking with second priority after the First Priority Security):
(i) Deposit Account Pledge issued by Petromena ASA in favor of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (remain unchanged),
(ii) Assignment of Construction Contracts in Rig 1 and Rig 2 issued by Petrorig I and Petrorig II respectively in favor of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (pre-delivery remain unchanged),
(iii) Rig Mortgages to be issued by Petrorig I and Petrorig II against Rig 1 and Rig 2 in favor of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (post delivery - remain unchanged),
(iv) Assignment of Insurances to be issued by Petrorig I and Petrorig II against insurances related to Rig 1 and Rig 2 in favor of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (post delivery - remain unchanged),
(v) Share Charge against all shares in Petrorig I and Petrorig II issued by Petromena ASA in favor of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (new security),
(vi) Assignment of earnings and accounts and other rights and security assets in respect of Rig 1 and Rig 2 similar to the security for the First Priority Debt but on second priority (new security).
2.2.4. Introduce a zero dividend covenant The Bond Loan Agreement for the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue includes a clause that allows the Company to distribute dividends in an amount equaling maximum 30% of net profit, provided that the Group's book equity exceeds 40% (also provided that both Rig 1 and Rig 2 have been delivered). The Company now proposes to replace the existing dividend restriction with a clause stating that the Company shall not distribute any dividends (including repurchase of shares, other distributions to its shareholders or total return swaps involving own shares) whatsoever during the term of the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue.
2.2.5. Introduce a USD tranche in the NOKm 2.000 Bond Issue The Company has a significant unrealized FX profit (agio) related to the NOK bonds within the Company's group. Compared to the issue date, the unrealized profit is approximately USD 40 million related to the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue. The Company
10

N O RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
therefore proposes to establish a USD tranche under the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue with similar terms as the existing NOK tranche except for denomination in USD and a new ISIN (i.e. same interest rate, same payment date, same security package, etc.). The NOK tranche will be written down by the amount that accepts the voluntary transfer to the USD tranche. The LOT size in the USD tranche will be USD 100,000, and the amount that each bondholder switch into the new tranche will be rounded to the nearest LOT size.
If approved by the Bondholders' meeting, those Bondholder's who (on a voluntary basis) want to switch into a USD tranche may do so 10 banking days after the amendments in the Proposals being effective at the valid rate of exchange on such date. This should be positive for all investors who prefer USD exposure. The voluntary offer to conversion into a USD tranche will be carried out through an offer where the Bondholder accept to sell its currents holdings of the NOK tranche to the Borrower at par plus accrued interest and buy new USD Bond at par (plus accrued interest - i.e. interest on the USD tranche will commence from and including the previous interest payment date on the NOK tranche).
Please observe that the security improvement for both Bond Loan Agreements is subject to an inter-creditor agreement being entered into between the Loan Trustee (representing the bondholders) and the lenders under the First Priority Debt; such inter creditor agreement to be on terms and conditions customary for a first priority lender and security holder in international finance transactions, reflecting the waterfall structure.
2.3. FOR THE USDm 264 BOND ISSUE
2.3. L Increase the carve-out amount for First Priority Debt related to Rig 1 Petromena is proposing to increase the allowed carve-out amount for First Priority Debt related to Rig 1 from USD 200 million to USD 300 million, and also suggest that the first priority loan security related to Rig 1 shall be USD 300 million, plus interest, cost and expenses. Accordingly the First Priority Debt will be maximum USD 500 million where maximum USD 300 million may relate to Petrorig I and maximum USD 200 million may relate to Petrorig II. The First Priority Debt might i.a. consist of one loan or a combination of various loans and may include a pre delivery credit facility of up to USD 30 million with First Assignment in the Construction Contract for Rig 1 (such proceeds to be utilized for the purpose of securing supervision of the finalization of Rig 1 together with the mobilization and delivery of the rig in accordance. Without such funds the Borrower together with its creditors will risk that completeness of Rig 1 and the preparation for operation or sale is put in danger which again will reduce the value of Rig 1). For the avoidance of doubt, any pre delivery credit facility shall be refinanced with the USD 300 million First Priority Debt in connection with delivery of Rig 1. The pre delivery credit facility shall be subject to binding term sheets are signed for USD 300 million of 1st lien debt with better priority than the NOK 2,000 million Bond Issue in Rig 1.
The maximum allowed First Priority Debt in Petrorig I shall be reduced with USD 30 million within the date falling four years after Settlement Date for the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue and with additional USD 30 million five years after Settlement Date for the

©

NO RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue. The maximum allowed First Priority Debt in Petrorig II shall be reduced with USD 20 million within the date four years after Settlement Date for the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue and with additional USD 20 million five years after Settlement Date for the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue.
2.3.2. No First Priority Assignment related to Ris 2 until delivery o f such rig Petromena is also proposing a change where after the Group is not allowed to offer any First Priority Assignment in the Construction Contract for Rig 2. Accordingly, the USDm 264 Bond Issue will have the second highest priority assignment in the Construction Contract related to Rig 2 during this period with priority after the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue (however, until delivery, the yard will have full title of relevant rig, and de facto have full control of the rig both by ownership as well as maritime lien).
For the avoidance of doubt, Petrorig II shall be allowed to (pre) agree upon a First Priority Debt to be paid upon delivery with i.a. First Mortgage in Rig 2 upon delivery.
The present carve-out for Rig 2 following delivery will remain. Flence, after delivery of both Rig 1 and Rig 2 the Group is allowed to take up USD 300 million of First Priority Debt related to Rig 1 and USD 200 million of First Priority Debt related to Rig 2.
Such First Priority Debt will not be cross collateralized unless this is required by the lenders (i.e. if the same lenders should provide the loan facility for Rig 1 and Rig 2).
2.3.3. SS Petrolia cash sweep If, at any time, the balance on the Cash Sweep Escrow Account exceeds USD 20 million, USD 10 million out of these funds shall be promptly utilized to make an extraordinary mandatory prepayment on the Bonds at par value. If such extraordinary mandatory prepayment is made, the same amount shall be deducted from next ordinary amortization amount.
2.3.4. Improved security package for SS Petrolia In addition to the Guarantee from Petromena Limited (the "Guarantor"), Deposit Account Pledge on first priority and the first priority Share Charge against the shares in the Guarantor, the current security under the USDm 264 Bond Issue related to SS Petrolia are as follows:
1. Rig Mortgage against SS Petrolia on first priority,
2. Assignment and pledges in respect of the earnings from the Pemex contract related to SS Petrolia
Petromena will propose that the security for the USDm 264 Bond Issue related to "SS Petrolia" is improved as follows:
(i) To the extent possible, the Guarantor shall provide a first priority assignment of its rights under the Management Agreement with LOG with respect to SS Petrolia, hereinafter referred to as the Petrolia Management Agreement Right Assignment (new security),

12

N O RSK T ILLITSM A N N ASA
(ii) To the extent possible there shall also be put in place a first priority assignment of LOG's rights under the charter contracts with time charterers acknowledged and consented by the time charterer(s) ("Petrolia Charter Agreement Assignment") (new security).
2.3.5. Amended security package for Rig 1 and Rie 2
Subject to acceptance of the proposed amendments by the bondholders under both Bond Loans, Petromena will propose that the security for the USDm 264 Bond Issue is improved to reflect the security package for both the First Priority Debt and the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue related to Rig 1 and Rig 2 to the extent possible, however ranking with third priority in all relevant assets related to the Rig 1 and Rig 2 behind the First Priority Security and the improved security package for the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue respectively.
The current security under the USDm 264 Bond Issue is the following:
1. Share Charge against the shares in the Singapore Subsidiaries on first priority until establishment of the First Priority Security, thereafter on second priority
The following security package is proposed (all other than the Deposit Account Pledge ranking with third priority after the First Priority Security and the security for the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue):
(i) As additional security, the USDm 264 Bond Issue will be secured on third priority in the same security assets as described under 2.1.3. (ii)-(vi) (new security - however, amended security in respect of the Share Charge)
The share charge in Petrorig III will remain unchanged.
Please observe that the security improvement for both Bond Loan Agreements is subject to an inter-creditor agreement being entered into between the Loan Trustee (representing the bondholders) and the lenders under the First Priority Debt; such inter creditor agreement to be on terms and conditions customary for a first priority lender and security holder in international finance transactions, reflecting the waterfall structure.
3. UPDATE ON THE COMPANY
Petromena has provided information regarding the operational and financial status of the Company in the Company Update distributed on 19 December 2008.Bondholders are encouraged to read that document.
As stated in the Company Update as of 19 December 2008, the Company has pre delivery costs of USD 22.5 million from January 2009 up until delivery of Rig 1. The Company has not been able to secure pre-delivery funding for this and no cash are
13

NO RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
available within the Group. However, the Company has so far been able postpone the payments to various suppliers and counterparties.
Construction process for Rig 1 and Rig 2 Rig 1 is 96% complete and on schedule for delivery medio April 2009. The vessel is currently moored at the deepwater anchorage having the main propulsion thrusters installed, hooked up and commissioned. It will enter a 3 week sea trials, final commissioning and integrated testing period. The operations team is on board the vessel in support of these activities. All loose drilling equipment and spare parts have been loaded on board. When the vessel returns from sea trials it shall be fully charged with fuel and supplies, hooked up to the ocean going tugs and signed over to Petromena for transit to USGOM.
Rig 2 is slightly ahead of schedule at 69.5% complete versus 67% planned. All block fabrications are assembled for the complete vessel which is floating at the quayside. All superstructures and the drill floor and derrick have been assembled and welded out. Vessel outfitting and hook up continues at a good pace. Four of the eight main engines have been started ready for load runs. Individual system testing of piping, electrical and mechanical equipment is proceeding as planned. All equipment deliveries have been made to plan. Contract delivery date for Rig 2 is 30 September 2009.
Rig 3 is at 53%complete and on schedule. The upper hull block fabrication progresses well and further major blocks assemblies are being made each month. The drill floor and lower derrick have been installed on the upper hull. Superstructure blocks are being fabricated and preassembled. Equipment deliveries are being received to schedule. The lower hull pontoons have been delivered from China and are being outfitted at the quayside at Jurong Shipyard. The lower hull columns are assembled ready for installing on the pontoons in early March. Mating of the lower and upper hull is scheduled for April. Contract delivery date for Rig 3 is 31 January 2010.
4. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED CHANGES
Petromena proposes to increase the carve-out amount of First Priority Debt in Petrorig I related to Rig 1 under the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue and the USDm 264 Bond Issue, from USD 200 million to USD 300 million. In relation thereto the Company also proposes a number of changes intended to otherwise improve the security package for the bondholders in these bond issues.
The Company's evaluation of these proposed changes is included in the Company Update. It is the opinion of Petromena that the Bondholders are offered a fair and balanced solution by the proposed amendments to the Bond Loan Agreements. In the Company's opinion, the best available solution for the Company is to acquire additional first priority financing of USD 100 million related to Rig 1 (in total USD 300 million in First Priority Debt) to get Rig 1 delivered and fully financed. Insolvency is a very likely alternative if the Proposals are not accepted. The Company believes that raising funding for Rig 1 is of greatest importance. However, if the Bondholders do not accept the Proposals, the banks are unlikely to come up with the funding commitment. It is therefore crucial that the Bondholders take the first step by approving the Proposals.
14

NO RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
Bondholders must note that the amendment proposals will not be implemented unless the USD 300 million of senior financing is in place.
The Company would like to point out that if the Borrower should not obtain the acceptance from the Bondholders on the Proposals, the Group will shortly be in default under the construction contract related to Rig 1. NTM and the Company is concerned indeed regarding the consequences for the Bondholders and the possible losses in such scenario.
Based on the information given to NTM by the Company based on the Company Update attached, there is a funding-shortfall of approximately USD 100 million for each of Rig 1, Rig 2 and Rig 3. The Company proposes to increase the First Priority Debt related to Rig 1 to cover this shortfall. Further, the Company will extend both Bond Loans' security packages to reflect the security package for the First Priority Debt, to the extent possible, and the waterfall structure in respect of Rig 1 and Rig 2 (the Bondholders should however be aware of the hardening period of such extended security package). In the opinion of NTM, it is necessary for all stakeholders that the Company has a game plan in respect of the shortfall of funding. Taken into account today's challenging debt and equity markets; it is understandable that the Company concentrates on the first rig to be delivered, and it seems that this is the best available solution for all stakeholders. Further, to mirror all creditors' security packages and waterfall structure is a logical and sensible course of action in this situation.
Therefore, NTM recommends the Bondholders to approve the Proposal. Nevertheless, the Bondholders themselves must evaluate, based on all information given from the Company, whether the Proposal should be accepted.
It is recommended that the Bondholders consult with its own advisers as to the possible consequences (including tax) of the Proposals. All Bondholders must be aware that even if the Proposal is accepted, the Company still has challenges going forward and the Company might be unable to meet its commitments in the future.
For further information about the company, please refer to the web site www.petromena.no.
The Company has engaged Pareto Securities AS as the Company's financial advisor with respect to the Proposals. Bondholders may accordingly contact Pareto Securities Fixed Income Sales at +47 22 87 87 70 for further information. Pareto Securities AS is acting solely as advisor for the Company and no-one else in connection with the Proposals. No due diligence investigations have been carried out by Pareto Securities AS with respect to the Company and Pareto Securities expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever in connection with the Proposals (including but not limited to the information contained herein and in the Company Update).
5. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETINGS
Based on the above information, Bondholders' meetings in the Loans are summoned:
Time: 11 March 2009 at 15:00 (Oslo time)
15

N O R SK TILLITSM A N N ASA
Place: the premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VII's gate 1, Oslo (Norway)
There shall be separate Bondholders' meetings for each of the Loans.
Agenda:
Pursuant to the Bond Loan Agreements, the meeting will be opened and presided over by a representative from NTM.
1. Approval of the summons
2. Approval of the agenda
3. Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman
4. Consent to partial redemption and release of security:
A. Proposed resolution The Bondholders meeting approved the amendments as described in Clause 2 herein.
B. Dependent on acceptancefrom Bondholders' meetings
In order that a valid resolution shall be adoptedfor each o f the Loans, the proposed changes must be approved by the Bondholders ' meetings in each o f the Loans described herein.
C. Effectiveness and execution of the resolution:
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given the power of attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with decisions made by the Bondholders 'meetings as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including make other necessary amendments o f the Bond Loan Agreements and collect necessary legal opinions on the transaction andpayment structure and the tax consequences thereof.
According to each Bond Loan Agreement, the abovementioned Proposals requires a qualified majority of 2/3 of each Loan represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favor of such proposals and (i) a minimum 2/10 of the outstanding Bonds being represented at the meeting for the NOKm 2,000 Bond Issue and (ii) a minimum 5/10 of the outstanding Bonds being represented at the meeting for the USDm 264 Bond Issue. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
-oOo-
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal
16

e

NO RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered).
The individual Bondholder may authorize the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorizing Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Norsk Tillitsmann as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours Sincerely, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA /']

Enclosure: VPS statement/Power of attorney form.

17

