NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 033158.0 -FR N MPF Corp Ltd Secured Bond Issue 2006/2011 with Call Option
Oslo, 28 April 2008
MPF Corp. Ltd - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
Background
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is appointed as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee") for the above mentioned bond issue (the "Loan") where MPF Corp Ltd. (the "Company") is the issuer.
All capitalised terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the agreements of the Loan (the "Loan Agreement") or the summons to this Bondholders' meeting unless otherwise stated.
The Company has requested the Loan Trustee to approach all bondholders in the Loan to obtain their consent to certain suggested amendments (the "Proposed Amendments") to the Loan Agreement. The Proposed Amendments will in fact imply an increase of the first priority loan facility.
The Company completed its initial equity offering o f USD 275 million in May 2006 and the subsequent bond issue in September 2006. It was originally envisaged that the USD 215 million 1st priority carve-out would be sufficient to fully fund the project.
In May 2007 the Company announced an increase in costs to complete to about USD 775 million following which the Company was effectively precluded from raising sufficient 1st lien debt to fully fund the project. At the same time expected delivery was deferred by approximately 9 months. Current completion cost estimates for the unit as a pure 6th generation drilling unit is currently at USD 850-875 million (including capitalized interest, project management and overheads) which in the Company's view is comparable with the most recently announced newbuilding costs for conventional drillships.

MAILING ADDRESS · P.O.BOX I47O VIKA, N-OI16 OSLO

LOCATION · HAAKON VII GATE I, OSLO, NORWAY

p ho n e ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax · +47 22 87 94 10 or g.nr · no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail * mail@trustee.no

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA
Earlier this month the Company announced a 3-5 year employment contract with Petrobras. Dependent on the duration of the contract, forecasted cash flow available for debt service following contract commencement is in the range of USD 125 million (5 year alternative) to USD 140 million (3 year alternative). Based on this, the Company has received firm indications of around USD 400 million of senior bank financing prior to delivery and up to USD 600 million following delivery. These indications take into account anticipated debt service obligations under the Loan including the fact that the Loan has a final maturity date more than one year before the earliest end of the employment contract.
In order to ensure adequate flexibility and minimize the risk of future funding gaps it has also been decided to raise USD 75 million through a senior unsecured convertible bond issue (the "Convertible Bond Issue"), which will be subordinated to any senior bank financing and the Loan. As a result, the Loan will rank ahead of USD 275 million of equity and USD 75 of convertible bonds, in total USD 350 million of subordinated capital.
It should be noted that the Proposed Amendments is conditioned upon the issuance of the Convertible Bond Issue. The Convertible Bond Issue will also be conditioned on approval of the Proposed Amendments contained herein.
For more detailed information, please contact Christian L. Holst, MPF Corp Ltd or Stian Winther, Pareto Securities AS.
The Proposed Amendments
The Company proposes the following Proposed Amendments:
Increase of First Priority Security
The company proposes an increase of the carve-out of the First Priority Security from USD 215 million to USD 450 million to reflect the opportunities seen from the banks on back of the employment contract entered into with Petrobras.
Removal of amortization of the First Priority Security and the debt secured thereby
Due to the somewhat later delivery of MPF-01 than the initial schedule (new Delivery Date of the Drillship is expected no later than 4Q 2009), and due to the current uncertainty of the level of the expected senior facility and its amortization profile, the Company proposes to remove the amortization schedule of the First Priority Security and the debt secured thereby.
Bullet structure
To reflect the somewhat later delivery than the initial schedule, the Company would also propose a waiver for removing the sinking funds under the Loan, i.e. the Loan shall be a bullet bond issue.

Up-front fee

e

N O R SK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

Finally, as an economic compensation for the proposed amendment, the Company offers the Bondholders in the Loan an up-front fee of 8.0% o f the Loan conditional upon the Bondholders meeting acceptance of the proposal. Settlement o f such compensation will be at the latest of 6 Banking Days after a valid amendment has been made on a bondholders meeting and 6 Banking Days after the settlement under the USD 75 million convertible bond issue, with the record date at the Banking Day following the date of this Bondholders meeting

To enable the Company to conduct the proposed change of the Loan Agreement, the Company has requested the Loan Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.

The Proposed Amendments will lead to that the Loan will be further subordinated, but the Loan Trustee considers the up-front fee of 8.0% to be a fair and good offer to the Bondholders to compensate for this. The Bondholders must nevertheless independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

Friday 9 May 2008 at 1300 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 7th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for change of the Loan Agreement:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

The Loan Agreement shall be amended pursuant to the Proposed Amendments (as described in the summons to this Bondholders 'meeting), and shall be conditioned upon the issuance of the Convertible Bond Issue (as described in the summons to this Bondholders 'meeting).

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is given power o f attorney to enter into the necessary agreements in connection with decisions made on the Bondholders 'meeting as well as to carry out the necessary completion work, including make other necessary amendments of the Loan Agreement.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 o f the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour o f the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 2/10 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Loan Agreement will remain unchanged.

-3 -

e

N O RSK T IL L IT SM A N N ASA

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating

your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of

ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are

held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)

The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).

In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Loan Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page o f this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.

Yours sincerely Norsl*. Tillitsmann ASA

Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

4 -

-

