NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www. trustee. no Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For ytterligere
informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.

To the bondholders of:
ISIN NO 001 043911.0 - FRN BLUESTONE OFFSHORE PTE LTD CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2008/2009

Oslo, 26 November 2009
Reference is made to the loan agreement for the "ISIN NO 001 043911.0 - FRN Bluestone Offshore Pte Ltd Callable Bond Issue 2008/2009" with ISIN NO 001 043911.0 dated 30 May 2009 (the "Loan Agreement") and made between Bluestone Offshore Pte Ltd (the "Company") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, acting as loan trustee (the "Trustee") for the holders of bonds (the "Bondholders").
Unless the context requires otherwise, words and expressions defined or construed in the Loan Agreement which are not defined or construed in this summons shall bear the same meanings when used in this summons.
The information in this summons regarding the Company and market conditions is provided by the Company, and the Trustee expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.

1

BACKGROUND

a)

On 28 September 2009 a Bondholders' meeting was held pursuant to the

summons dated 18 September 2009 regarding a proposed refinancing solution

(the "Refinancing") relating to the Loan and certain other debt as further

described in a term sheet dated 15 September 2009 (the "Term Sheet").

Pursuant to such Bondholders' meeting, the Refinancing (including a

postponement of the Maturity Date until 9 December 2009) was approved.

b)

The Refinancing was accepted by the Bondholders subject to all material

elements of the Refinancing being carried out in accordance with the Term

Sheet. It is,, however, evident that the Refinancing will not be completed on

schedule due to a delay in the delivery of a new vessel (the "New Vessel") to

replace MV "Bluestone Topaz" (the "Topaz"). Such delay is a consequence of

a change of the vessel to replace the Topaz in order to comply with the

operating needs of the Company pursuant to its risk assessment process in

M AILIN G ADD RESS © P .O .B O X I4 7 O V IK A , N -O Il6 OSLO

LO C A T IO N ® H A A K O N VTI GATE I, O SLO , N ORW AY

phone ® +47 22 87 94 00 fax ® +47 22 87 94 10 org.nr ® no 963 342 624 MVA e-mail ® mail@trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .rm sive.no

connection with the Great Barrier Reef job in Australia. The mobilisation and acceptance of the New Vessel are now expected to occur early January 2010 and not late November 2009 as anticipated. The delivery of the New Vessel is also a condition for the Investor (as defined in the Term Sheet) providing its investment in the Company. The Company will therefore not be in a position to redeem the Bonds on 9 December 2009 in accordance with the Term Sheet and the Bondholders' resolution on 28 September 2009.

c)

The Company has prepared a Company updated (the "Company Update") in

relation to this summons attached as Exhibit 2.

d)

As further set out in the Company Update and the Company's evaluation

below, the Company is confident that, save for the delay, the Refinancing will

be completed as set out in the Term Sheet.

e)

However, the Company will need the Bondholders' consent in order to

complete the Refinancing with a new time schedule, and is asking for such

consent by presenting to the Bondholders the proposal set out below (the

"Proposal").

2

THE PROPOSAL

The Company makes the following proposal (the "Proposal"):

a)

The Company proposes that the Bondholders consent to a further

postponement of the Maturity Date until 28 January 2010 subject to the

Refinancing being carried out in accordance with the Term Sheet, except for a

revised timeline and any other deviations described in the Company Update.

The Company does not consider any of the deviations in the Company Update

to be of a material nature, except for the revised timeline.

b)

As a consequence of the postponed Maturity Date, the Company also proposes

that the Interest Payment Date in September 2009 be postponed to 28 January

2010 (although no interest payment will be made since the offer to redeem the

Bonds at 60% of par includes full settlement of all outstanding amounts under

the Loan Agreement).

3

EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL

3.1 The Company's evaluation

By postponing the Maturity Date and the Interest Payment Date of the Loan, and the acceptance of a revised timeline, the Company will be given time to conclude the restructuring of the Loan, which will enable Bondholders to receive a payment of 60%

'H r

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
w w w .misrce.no

of par value of their Bonds as full settlement of the Bonds and accrued interest if and when the New Vessel has been successfully mobilized and accepted.

The alternative for the Bondholders is to bankrupt the Company. The recoverable values in the Company in a default scenario are expected to be significantly lower than the settlement Bondholders will receive through the restructuring.

It is important to note that the Company has made significant progress in the restructuring process since September, and that Bluestone, HitecVision and GC Rieber Shipping are still strongly committed to concluding a successful restructuring and refinancing of the Company within the new proposed Maturity Date. It is also currently much more feasible to give an assessment of the expected delivery date of the New Vessel as the process is well advanced and significantly more information is available. In particular, the Company has entered into a time charter party for the New Vessel, to be delivered with the geotechnical equipment fully mobilized.

For further information, please refer to the attached Company Update.

3.2 The Trustee's evaluation
Based on the information provided by the Company herein, the Trustee is not in a position to make any recommendation with regard to the Proposal, and the Proposal is therefore put forward without any further evaluations or recommendation from the Trustee.

The Bondholders must independently evaluate, based on available information, whether the Proposal is acceptable. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from tax and other advisors regarding the effects and possible consequences of the Proposal.

4

SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

The Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting at:

Time: 7 December 2009 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place: The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VII's gate 1, Oslo (Norway) - 5th floor

Agenda:

1.

Approval of the summons

2.

Approval of the agenda

3.

Election of two persons to sign the minutes together with the chairman

4.

Consent to the Proposal

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA
www.rrustce.no

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

a)

The Bondholders ' meeting agrees and accepts the Proposal as set out above.

This acceptance is subject to all material elements - not only those directly

affecting the Bondholders - in the Refinancing being carried out in accordance

with the Term Sheet, but with a revised timeline (includingpostponement o f the

Maturity Date and the Interest Payment Date falling in September 2009, until

28 January 2010) and any further deviations from the Term Sheet as set out in

the Company Update provided by the Company.

b)

The Trustee is given the power o f attorney to enter into the necessary

agreements in connection with documenting the decisions made by this

Bondholders ' meeting as well as to carry out the necessary completion work,

including to make amendments to the Loan Agreement, and to deliver and

collect necessary documentation required by the Refinancing.

***

According to the Loan Agreement, the Proposal requires (i) a qualified majority of two thirds of the Bonds represented at the Bondholders' meeting voting in favour of the Proposal and (ii) a minimum of 1/10 of the Outstanding Loan being represented at the meeting. Bondholders may be represented in person or by proxy.
Please find attached as Exhibit 1 a bondholder's form (the "Bondholder's Form") from the Securities Depository ("VPS"), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the Bondholders' meeting. (If the Bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered as owner in YPS - the custodian must confirm (i) the ownership of the Bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the Bonds are registered.)
Each Bondholder may authorize the Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the completed Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorizing the Trustee to vote, must for this purpose be returned to the Trustee in due time before the scheduled date of the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholder's Form may be sent in copy by e-mail, facsimile or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details.
In the event any Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was issued, the new owner must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy (as the case may be) evidence which, in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, is sufficient to establish the ownership of the Bonds.

e® N O RSK T ILLITSM A N N ASA
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy (other than to the Trustee), to notify the Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (at set out in the first page of this letter) by 16:00 hours (4.00 p.m.) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.

Yours faithfully, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Fi'cuim l^unuucig

Enclosure: Exhibit 1: Exhibit 2:

Bondholder's Form Company Update

5

B L U E S T O N E O F F S H O R E P T E. L T D.
To the Bondholders in ISIN NO 001 043911.0 FRN Bluestone Offshore Pte Ltd Callable Bond Issue 2008/20209 (the "Loan")
Company Update in relation to summons to Bondholders' Meeting on 7 December 2009
Background
As previously informed, Bluestone Offshore Pte Limited ("Bluestone" or the "Company") was not able to repay the Loan including accrued interest on the original Maturity Date on 2 September 2009, being in an imminent need of new funding and requiring a restructuring its existing debt including the Loan. This was caused by, inter alia, a shortfall in revenues and unforeseen costs related to delays, maintenance and repair work on the Company's current vessel, the MV Bluestone Topaz ("Topaz"). Following a technical review, the Company also concluded that the only viable option for the Company was to replace the Topaz with a newer and more reliable vessel.
The Company has received an offer from a joint venture holding company (to be established) owned 50/50 by the private equity investor HitecVision and GC Rieber Shipping ASA (the "JVCo") for financing of USD 17.5 million in the Company (the "JVCo Investment") (as further described below). The JVCo Investment has been made conditional upon, inter alia, the successful mobilization and acceptance of a new vessel (the "New Vessel") replacing the Topaz. The derrick, which until mid November was attached to the Topaz, will be installed on the New Vessel as part of the mobilization.
The JVCo Investment is further conditional upon a restructuring of the Company's existing debt, including the Loan. Through a successful restructuring of the Loan, combined with the JVCo Investment, the Company expects to establish a solid financial platform for continued operations.
The Company prepared a restructuring proposal for the Loan which was set out in the term sheet attached to the summons to Bondholders' meeting of 18 September 2009 (the "Term Sheet"). On 28 September 2009, the Bondholders' meeting approved the restructuring and new Maturity Date of the Loan as set out in the Term Sheet (the "Original Bondholder Approval"). The new Maturity Date of the Loan was set to 9 December 2009. Pursuant to the Term Sheet the completion of the restructuring and settlement of the Loan is subject to certain conditions, including that the derrick has been installed on the New Vessel and that the New Vessel including the derrick has been formally accepted.
For further information regarding the restructuring of the Loan, the background and reasons, please refer to the notice from Bondholders' Meeting of 28 September 2009, the summons to Bondholders' meeting of 18 September 2009 including the Term Sheet, the Company presentation that was distributed to the Bondholders on 10 September 2009 and the Company Update attached to summons to Bondholders' meeting of 21 August 2009.
The moving of the derrick to the New Vessel and formal acceptance of the New Vessel including the derrick was originally expected to be completed in late November 2009. However, the process of mobilizing the New Vessel has taken longer time than initially anticipated, and the expected
Page 1 of 5

B L U E S T O N E O F F S H O R E P T E. L T D.
delivery and acceptance date of the New Vessel has now been delayed to early January 2010. As such, it will not be possible to conclude the restructuring of the Loan, including settlement to Bondholders, within the current Maturity Date of 9 December 2009.
The Company has approached Norsk Tillitsmann ASA to summon a Bondholder's meeting for the Loan to consider a further postponement the Maturity Date of the Loan currently due on 9 December 2009.
Update on recent events affecting the Company
During 2009, Bluestone built up a healthy sales pipe line for geotechnical work. However, the problems experienced with the Topaz have not allowed the Company to deliver on this pipeline so far. It is crucial for the Company going forward to be able to build a track record of successful project execution vis-a-vis the oil companies in order to secure future work. The Company's most important contract is currently for geotechnical drilling on the Great Barrier Reef offshore Australia. The project was originally scheduled for October --December 2009, but due to the problems Bluestone has experienced in 2009 the client has accepted a delay in the start up of the project until medio January 2010. The Great Barrier Reef project has a high profile both among science and drilling professions and is expected to open up a number of new business opportunities for the Company going forward. It is therefore critical for JVCo (HitecVision and GC Rieber Shipping) that the New Vessel is delivered and accepted in time for the Great Barrier Reef contract before making the JVCo Investment.
In September, Bluestone had two alternatives for a New Vessel; an existing modern PSV (with 40 persons accommodation) which required installation of additional, containerized accommodation (estimated to be completed late November) or the MT 6012 multipurpose subsea support new building "Greatship Maya" (with 66 person accommodation) for delivery 30 November 2009. Both vessels had the required moonpool and space to install the geotechnical equipment from the Topaz. At the time of the Original Bondholder Approval, the existing modern PSV was the preferred vessel, being available from mid October to start mobilization of the derrick from the Topaz.
During the risk assessment process for the Great Barrier Reef job in Australia, it became clear that there was a high risk that the containerized accommodation required for the existing PSV would not be approved for work on the Great Barrier Reef project or in Australian waters in general. Seeing a steady increase in job opportunities in Australia, Bluestone advised GC Rieber Shipping that it found the Greatship Maya as a more suitable vessel for geotechnical work, and it was decided to use this vessel as the New Vessel. On this basis GC Rieber Shipping initiated negotiations with the owners of the Greatship Maya and allocated human resources to a project & site team being responsible for the mobilization of the Greatship Maya, incl. the moving of the derrick from the Topaz.
On 19 October 2009, it was announced that GC Rieber Shipping and HitecVision had agreed to enter into a 50/50 joint venture in order to create a new subsea services company on the basis of
Page 2 of 5

B L U E S T O N E O F F S H O R E P T E. L T D.
GC Rieber Shipping's investments in Bluestone and the subsea services company Technocean AS (including its subsidiary Scan Mudring) ("Technocean"). Under the joint venture, GC Rieber Shipping will contribute its shareholdings in Bluestone and Technocean to JVCo, as well as a cash contribution of NOK 35 million and HitecVision will contribute NOK 160 million in cash. Both parties will also commit to make certain follow-on investments in JVCo. The JVCo will be a majority shareholder in both Bluestone and Technocean.
The JVCo Investment will allow Bluestone to restructure its balance sheet based on, inter alia, a 60 % of par value redemption of the Loan and a significant write-down of the current equity value in Bluestone whereby the existing equity holders will accept to reduce its holding from 100% to approximately 10 % of Bluestone's total share capital (all as further described in the Term Sheet). The restructuring of Bluestone is expected to provide a stable financial foundation for future growth.
Bluestone has further, on the basis of the restructuring of the Company having been initiated, entered into a time charter agreement with a GC Rieber Shipping subsidiary for the Greatship Maya. The agreement is for a firm period of two years, with options for three more years. Greatship Maya is on bare boat charter from the vessel owner Greatship to a subsidiary of GC Rieber Shipping for a firm period of two years, with options for three more years.
The geotechnical equipment installed on the Topaz has been de-rigged at the shipyard Keppel in Singapore (a process starting late October and finished on 19 November 2009) and the same equipment will after delivery of the Greatship Maya from the shipyard Keppel to the owner Greatship (estimated to take place between 5 - 10 December) be installed by Keppel on the Greatship Maya. To this end GC Rieber Shipping now has a project and site team of 8 persons supervising the mobilization of the Greatship Maya, including installation of the geotechnical equipment. Based on the revised delivery date of the Greatship Maya from Keppel to the vessel owner Greatship and a project plan for installation of the geotechnical equipment received from Keppel, GC Rieber Shipping estimates that the mobilization of the Greatship Maya will be completed between 6-10 January 2010, after which the vessel will be a truly state-of-the-art geotechnical vessel ready for geotechnical operations on the Great Barrier Reef project from around mid January 2010.
The successful commissioning and delivery of Greatship Maya including the derrick to Bluestone in time for the Great Barrier Reef contract is a conditions precedent for the JVCo Investment. Another important conditions precedent for the JVCo Investment is a successful restructuring of the Loan, which will require approval from the Bondholders of a new extension of the Maturity Date. The JVCo Investment is also subject to customary conditions precedents including a new shareholder's agreement for Bluestone being entered into between JVCo and the existing shareholder's in Bluestone.
The existing shareholders of Bluestone, the holders of the Shareholder Loan and the Bridge Loan Providers (as further described in the Term Sheet) have signed pre-commitment letters to accept the restructuring.
Furthermore, the due diligence investigations have not uncovered any material findings.
Page 3 of 5

B L U E S T O N E O F F S H O R E P T E. L T D.

The Topaz is currently laid up at the Keppel ship yard following demobilization of the derrick system, and is waiting to be sold. The Company has engaged an independent ship broker in order to solicit interest from potential buyers of the vessel. Following a process of contacting potential buyers, Bluestone has received a conditional offer from an interested buyer, valuing the vessel at around USD 3 million. The Company will, however, not be able to conclude a sale until after the Loan has been restructured.

Description of current financial position

In September, Bluestone informed the Bondholders that the Company had effectively run out of cash and was in an imminent need of new funding. Since that time, the Company has been kept afloat by a short term USD 3,000,000 bridge financing facility from GC Rieber Shipping, covering the Company's most imminent commitments towards trade creditors. Following removal of the derrick system from the Topaz, a first priority pledge in the derrick has been established in favor of GC Rieber Shipping.

As of 23 November, the Company has a cash balance of around USD 127,000. Up to the same date, GC Rieber Shipping has disbursed approximately USD 1,800,000 to the Company under the short term bridge financing facility.

The Company budgets that the accumulated net operating cash flow and investment cash flow from and including 23 November 2009 to and including January 2010 will be around minus USD 1,600,000. Due to the delay, GC Rieber Shipping will increase the short term bridge financing facility to USD 3,500,000. This increase will also be secured by a pledge in the derrick.

The table below shows the historic and budgeted cash flow in Bluestone from and including September 2009 to and including January 2010. Note that this excludes any items related to repayment of the Loan or other loans and the JVCo Investment in January, and also excludes any costs payable to GC Rieber Shipping following completion of the refinancing (inter alia mobilization cost for moving the derrick to the New Vessel).

Cash flow USD

A c tu a l sep.09

A c tu a l o c t.0 9

A c tu a l 1 - 22 Nov

Budget 23 - 30 Nov

Budget d e c .0 9

Budget ja n .1 0

O pening cash balance C ash flow from operations C ash flow from investm ents C ash flow from financing C losing cash balance

171 773 18 060 (0) (491)
189 342

189 342 (392 712) (212 073) 579 223 163 780

163 780 (527 764) (729 306) 1 220 777 127 487

127 487 (200 000)
200 000 127 487

127 487 (308 989) (628 028) 983 092 173 562

173 562 (252 672) (207 479) 516 908 230 318

Proposal to bondholders
Bluestone is proposing that the Bondholders consent to a further postponement of the Maturity Date for the Loan until 28 January 2009 subject to the Refinancing being carried out in accordance with the Term Sheet, except for a revised timeline and other deviations described in the Company Update.

Page 4 of 5

B L U E S T O N E O F F S H O R E P T E. L T D.
Please refer to the summonsfo r further details in relation to theproposal.
Why bondholders should accept the proposal
By approving a further postponement of the Maturity Date of the Loan, the Company will be given time to conclude the restructuring of the Loan, which will enable Bondholders to receive total settlement of 60% of par, as set out in the Term Sheet.
The alternative for the Bondholders is to bankrupt the Company, which is expected to provide far lower recovery. Bluestone has tested the market for interest for the Bluestone Topaz and the conditional offer received from a potential buyer indicates a value around USD 3 million. In addition, there will be costs related to such a sales process. As such, the recoverable values in the Company in a default scenario are expected to be significantly lower than the settlement Bondholders will receive through the restructuring.
It is also important to note that the Company has made significant progress in the restructuring process since September:
- The demobilization and removal of geotechnical equipment from Bluestone Topaz has been completed.
- GC Rieber Shipping has entered into a bare boat charter for the "Greatship Maya" for a firm period of two years with options for three additional years, and Bluestone has entered into a time charter agreement with GC Rieber Shipping for the vessel for the same period.
- The contract with Keppel for conversion and mobilization of the "Greatship Maya" including the geotechnical equipment is in place and the conversion work is progressing, estimated to be completed between 6-10 January 2010. At present, there is a higher certainty as regards the expected delivery date than there was at the time of the last company update since the process is well advanced and significantly more information is available to the parties (including which ship to use).
- The client has accepted medio January as revised start-up date for the Great Barrier Reef project.
- HitecVision and GC Rieber Shipping have agreed to enter into a 50/50 joint venture for the investment in Bluestone, as publicly announced on 19 October 2009, with the main material conditions precedent being the delivery and acceptance of the New Vessel in time for the Great Barrier Reef contract and a successful restructuring of the Loan.
- The due diligence investigations have not uncovered any material findings.
As is evident from the above, Bluestone, HitecVision and GC Rieber Shipping are still highly committed to concluding a successful restructuring and refinancing of the Company.
Page 5 of 5

