NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 001 067432.8 -FRN Troms Offshore Supply AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2016 (the "Bond Issue" or the "Bonds")
Oslo, 19 August 2013
Proposed amendment of terms - Summons to Bondholders' Meeting
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is appointed as Bond Trustee for the above mentioned Bond Issue. All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement for the Bonds.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. INTRODUCTION
On May 14, 2013, Troms Offshore Supply AS ("Troms Offshore" or the "Company") informed that a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tidewater Inc. had entered into an agreement with HitecVision to purchase 100% of the shares in the Company. On Monday 10 June, 2013, Troms Offshore gave notice to the Bond Trustee that a Change of Control Event had occurred, but' given the financial strength of Tidewater Inc. and the strong development in the price of the Bonds following the announced transaction, the Bondholders' put option has not been exercised.
Tidewater Inc., as a leading provider of larger Offshore Service Vessels (OSVs) to the global energy industry, does not intend to keep the current outstanding Bonds as part of its long term financing strategy, and therefore wishes to propose an amendment to the bond agreement.
2. OVERVIEW OF PROPOSAL
Troms Offshore proposes the following amendments of the Bond agreement (the "Proposal"):
a) The definition of Maturity Date is amended to read: "Maturity Date" means 17 September 2013. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention."
b) Clause 10.1 is amended to read: "The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at 105.25% of par value (plus accrued interest) by the Issuer."
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haakon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
The Company has retained Swedbank First Securities as its financial advisor. For more detailed information about the Proposal, please contact:

Swedbank First Securities Alexander Hoivik Tel:+47 2311 6271 Mail: alexander.hoivik@swedbank.no

To enable the Issuer to conduct the proposed change of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

Bondholders' meeting:

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

2 September 2013 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 01061 Oslo - 5th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:

Resolution:

(1) The Bondholders' Meeting approved the Proposal as described under item 2 (Overview o fproposal) above.

(2) The Bond Trustee is given the power of attorney to enter into the necessary documents and/or agreements to document and effect the decisions made by this Bondholders' Meeting, including, but not limited to, amend to the Bond Agreement.

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to form a quorum, at least 1/2 of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

2 -

-

NORSK TILLITSMANN
Please find attached a Bondholder's Fq$|j^QrøNtlrøJ§pgjHrities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.) The individual bondholder may authorise the Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details). In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds. For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Fredrik Lundberg
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form
-3 -

