ISIN NO 001 027380.8
LOAN AGREEMENT
between
Neptune Marine Invest AS
(Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
on behalf of
Bondholders
in bond issue 11.00 per cent Neptune Marine Invest AS Senior Secured Bond Issue
2005/2009 with call option

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

4

3 Listing

5

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

5

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

5

6. Conditions Precedent

6

7 Representations and Warranties

7

8 Status of the Loan and Security

7

9 Interest

7

10 Maturity of the Loan

8

11 Interest in the event of late payment

9

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

9

13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan

9

14 Fees and expenses

10

15 Events of Default

10

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

12

17 Procedural rules

13

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16

19 Change of 'Bondholder's representative

16

20 Limitation

16

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

17

22 Notification

18

2

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into at 15 June 2005 between Neptune Marine Invest AS (Company No 887 891 982) as Borrower and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as Loan Trustee.

Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):

The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.

.

.

.

The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to

act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.

The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Banks Settlement System (NBO) is open.

Bondholders:

the holders of the Bonds.

Bonds:

shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 2.1.

Borrower:

Neptune Marine Invest AS or a company having replaced the Borrower as debtor pursuant to Clause 23.

Borrower's Bonds:

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower.

Change of Control:

means any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Companies Act § 1-3) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the share capital and votes of the Parent.

Disbursement Date:

shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 6.3.

Escrow Account:

the escrow account established by the Manager to be pledged and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) to secure repayment (together with any interest accrued) pursuant to Clause 10.4.

Interest Payment Date:

shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 9.1.

Manager:

Enskilda Securities ASA.

3

Loan:

shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 2.1.

Loan Outstanding:

Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

Parent:

Neptune Marine Oil & Gas Limited (Reg no. SC261217 Scotland) or a new parent company of the group to be incorporated at Cyprus.

Payment Date:

in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal. If the Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day.

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.

Securities Depository:

The securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirregisteret ("VPS").

Securities Depository Act: The Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Units:

Two drill-ships named Neptune Discoverer (reg. no 9719 in St. Vincent and the Grenadines) and Neptune Explorer (reg. no 9685 in St. Vincent and the Grenadines), owned by the Borrower.

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to raise a loan in the aggregate amount of USD 20,000,000 (USdollartwentymillion) (in this Loan Agreement referred to as the "Loan") by way of issuing bonds in denominations of USD leach (in this Loan Agreement referred to as the "Bonds").
The Loan will be described as "11.00 per centNeptune Marine Invest AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2005/2009 with call option".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be: NO 001 027380.8.
The term of the Loan is 20 June 2005 to 30 June 2009.
The net proceeds of the Loan will be used to reactivate the Neptune Discoverer and for general corporate purposes.

4
5

3 Listing
3.1 The bonds will not be listed. If the Borrower's parent company is listed on the Oslo Bors the Borrower will apply for a listing of the bonds at such time.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders'interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, and inter alia,
(i) monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement, (i) exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, (iii) ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, (iv) make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on
the Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, (v) forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as `Bondholder's representative, (vi) verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and (vii) provided the Loan is listed, inform the Oslo Børs of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Oslo Børs after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholders' representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
5

6. Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan wi] be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least three Banking Days prior to the disbursement date:
1(a) the Loan Agreement duly signed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions by the Borrower to issue the Bonds and sign the Loan Agreement,
(c) certified copies of the Articles of Association of the Borrower and documentation evidencing the authority of individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(d) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. confirmation from the Manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian Law,
(e) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(f) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, and an escrow agreement (.Depotavtale) duly signed,
(g) confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(h) satisfactory documentation of (i) pledges in favour of the Loan Trustee over the Units on 1.priority inform and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, (ii) evidence of the insurances to be taken out by the Borrower in respect of the Units, and (iii) the Loan Trustee's interest in the relevant insurances related to the Units taken out by the Borrower having been notified to the insurance company,
(i) satisfactory documentation of (a) establishment of the Escrow Account according to Clause 8.3, (b) the pledge and blocking of the Escrow Account in favour of the Loan Trustee and (c) confirmation that the bank holding the Escrow Account has waived any set-off claim related to the Escrow Account,
(j) legal opinions in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, if so required by the Loan Trustee, and
(k) satisfactory documentation of execution of a warrant instruments. (For the avoidance of doubt, the warrant instrument is issued by the Parent, and is not linked to the Bonds in any way.)
6.2 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents according to the above.
6

6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the Loan will be made available to the Borrower on the Disbursement Date being 20 June 2005.
In the event the conditions precedents in Clause 6.1 are not fulfilled before the Disbursement Date, the net proceeds of the Loan shall be kept on the Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 8.3 below.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) all documents and information, including the loan description in connection with this Loan presents the latest available financial information concerning the Borrower and there has been no change in the Borrower which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Loan Agreement,
(b) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement have been obtained and are valid and
(c) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan and Security
8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other existing senior debt of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 As security for the Bondholders, the Borrower shall pledge in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) (i) the Units on 1. priority and (ii) any insurances taken out with respect to the Units.
8.3 If the conditions precedents according to Clause 6.1 are not fulfilled before Disbursement Date, the net proceeds of the Loan shall be kept on the Escrow Account. The amount on the Escrow Account shall be released by written confirmation from the Loan Trustee upon the conditions in Clause 6.1 having been fulfilled, unless mandatory prepayment according to Clause 10.4 takes place.
1

9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including 20 June 2005 at a fixed rate of 11.00 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made quarterly in arrears on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December each year (each an "Interest Payment Date"). The first interest Payment Date is 30 September 2005, and the final Interest Payment Date is 30 June 2009.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, unless: a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
10 Maturity and prepayment of the Loan
10.1 'The Loan will be repaid in equal quarterly installments on each Interest Payment Date from and including 31 March 2006. The last installment however falls due on 30 June 2009. Each installment amounts to USD 1,428,571.
10.2 The Borrower has the right to redeem the bonds early ("Call Option") on any Interest Payment Date. Redemption prior to 30 June 2006 shall be made as follows: on 30 June 2005 at 114%. on 30 September 2005 at 111%, on 31 December 2005 at 108%and on 3 1March 2006 at 105%. Redemption thereafter on any Interest Payment Date in 2006 and on 31 March 2007 shall be made at 103%, from 30 June 2007 and including 31 March 2008 at 102% and thereafter 101%.
Should the Borrower utilise his Call Option, the Bondholder's must be informed of this in writing via VPS no later than 30 - thirty - Banking Days before the date of redemption.
10.3 if a Change of Control takes place, the bondholders have the right to redeem all Remaining Loan at a price equal to the price applicable for the Borrower's Call Option pursuant to clause 10.2 using the interest Payment Date closest to the time of redemption plus accrued interest to the date of redemption. A bondholders meeting shall be held as soon as possible after the Change of Control takes place following the provisions in Clause 16 to 18. If the bondholders meeting decides in favour of a redemption, the redemption shall be executed not later than 60 days following the Change of Control.
10.4 If the conditions precedents according to Clause 6.1 are not fulfilled on or before 4 July 2005, the Borrower shall immediately inform the Bondholders, and repay the Loan (together with any interest accrued).
8

11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Interest Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 (11.00 per cent per annum) plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2- 15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Borrower's obligations during the term of the Loan
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of his own accord send to the Loan Trustee annual reports as soon as they are available,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Oslo Børs (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of creditors' notifications to the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises,
(g) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request, and
(h) provide for reasonable maintenance and insurance of the Units.
9

13.2 The Borrower shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting subject to Clause 16:
(a) cease to carry on its business, or
(b) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature of its business which might jeopardise the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, or
(c) make any financial arrangements concerning the Units, including sale of the Units in whole or in parts, or pledge or otherwise provide for security in the Units.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of the Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Oslo Børs (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan will be deemed to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay on the Interest Payment Date any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Loan Agreement; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five Banking Days after the Interest Payment Date,
10

1(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other material covenant or obligation, to be performed under the Loan Agreement and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) any other loan indebtedness of, or assumed by, the Borrower has become repayable prior to the due date thereof as a result of acceleration of maturity caused by an occurrence of any event of default thereunder,
(d) the Borrower shall enter into voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having similar effect shall take place, or a substantial part of the Borrower's assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
(e) The Borrower has presented the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders with incorrect or incomplete information, which has, or can have significant consequences for the Borrower's obligations, and ability to comply with such, in accordance with the Loan Agreement, or
(f) any change occurs in the financial condition of the Borrower which, in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee after consultations with the Borrower, is likely to jeopardise the fulfilment of the loan obligations of the Borrower under the Agreement.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if
(a) The Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Loan Outstanding, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to litra a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to litra b) above.
11

15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his Bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Bondholders' representative,
(b) change of Borrower (excluding the Borrower's right pursuant to Clause 23 below),
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) declaring the Loan to be in default, and (1) exercise of bondholders right according to Clause 10.3. The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 d), provided that:
(a) the changes in the Borrower's corporate structure are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
12

The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - (five) - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is authorized to approve a change of borrower in accordance with Clause 23 below.
16.4 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.6 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Bors shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Loan Outstanding,
(c) Oslo Børs - if the Loan is listed, or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
13

17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Loan Outstanding.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Børs have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Børs for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Loan Outstanding agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
14

17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Bors have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an adviser and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
i 7.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 2/10 of the Loan Outstanding must be represented, see however Clause 18.
In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 of the Loan Outstanding, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority of the Bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/10 or more of the Loan Outstanding, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of Bondholders' representative,
(b) change of Borrower (excluding the Borrower's right pursuant to clause 23 below),
(c) change in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
17.9 Exercise of bondholders right according to Clause 10 3 shall be decided by a majority of the Loan Outstanding.
17.10 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
15

Decisions made at a Bondholders'meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders'meeting
In the event that less than 2/10 of the Loan Outstanding are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders'meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 of the Ix>an Outstanding are represented.
19 Change of Bondholder's representative
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or/'and Bondholders wish to replace the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 16.1 (a), or a change of the Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders'meeting to decide on the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders'meeting a proposal for a bondholders' representative. The Bondholders, the Borrower and Oslo Børs - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and Oslo Børs - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of `Bondholder's representative becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as representative for the Bondholders until a new representative has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the Bondholders suffer, the Oslo Børs may appoint a temporary `Bondholder's representative. The cost of this temporary representative shall be covered by the Borrower, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former `Bondholder's representative if the change is due to breach of the duties of the `Bondholder's representative under this Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the `Bondholder's representative is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new `Bondholder's representative is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders'meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18,1979nr. 18.

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
22 Notification All communications concerning this Loan Agreement or circumstances related to this Agreement shall be notified to the Loan Trustee or the Borrower in writing, by letter or by telephone facsimile to the following addresses:

the Loan Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Haakon VII gate 1 PB 1470 Vika 0116 OSLO Fax: 22 87 94 10

the Borrower:

Neptune Marine Invest AS Kirkeveien 62 5231 Paradis Fax: 55 92 45 21

or to such other addresses as any of them may so notify to the other.

23 Change of borrower

The Borrower shall at any time have the right to transfer its rights and obligations under the Loan Agreement to another company, provided that such new borrower;

GO agrees in writing to accede to this Loan Agreement,

(ii)

is 100% owned, directly or indirectly, by the Parent; and

(iii) the security for the Bondholders, as set forth in clause 8, shall remain intact and

be unaffected by the change of borrower.

The Borrower shall provide the Loan Trustee with customary legal opinions evidencing that the new borrower has acceded to the Loan Agreement and that the

17

security remains legal, valid and binding after the change of borrower. The existing Borrower shall be fully released from its obligations pursuant to the Loan Agreement when the conditions above have been fulfilled.
Oslo/Bergen, 15 June 2005

Neptune Marine Invest AS Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

18

