NORDIC TRUSTEE

Denne melding til obligasjonseierne er kun utarbeidet p å engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Tnistee AS

To the bondholders in:

ISIN NO 0010715212

10 per cent Latina Offshore Holding Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016 with step up

Oslo, 25 January 2018
Notice of a W ritten Bondholders' Resolution
Nordic Trustee AS (the "Bond Trustee") acts as bond trustee for the bondholders (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue") issued by Latina Offshore Holding Limited (the "Company" or "Issuer").
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement originally entered into on 30 July 2014, as amended pursuant to amendment agreements dated 24 August 2015 and 5 September 2016, and as amended and restated by an amendment and restatement agreement on 28 February 2017 (the "Bond Agreement").
The Issuer has requested that the Bond Trustee issue this request for a written Bondholders' resolution pursuant to Clause 16.5 (Written Resolution) of the Bond Agreement to consider approval of the Proposed Resolution (as defined below).
The information in this notice regarding the Issuer and the described transactions is provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
Bondholders are encouraged to read this notice in its entirety.
1 BACKGROUND
The Issuer is in constructive discussions with an 'ad hoc' committee of Bondholders who between them hold more than 2/3rds of the Voting Bonds (the "Ad Hoc Committee") with respect to an extension of the final maturity date of the Bond Issue (currently being 31 January 2018) and certain other amendments to the Bond Agreement as a condition to such extension.
To facilitate conclusions of these discussions and pending finalisation of amendment and extension terms, the Issuer proposes that the Bondholders agree to a temporary waiver of the payment obligation with respect to principal amounts due on the Maturity Date until 28 February 2018 (the "Maturity Waiver", and the period between the Maturity Date and 28 February 2018 the "Waiver Period"). The Interest due on the Maturity Date (the "January Interest Payment") will be paid in part by an amount of USD 700,000 on the Maturity Date, with the remaining amount of USD 550,000 to fall due on 28 February 2018 (the "Interest Waiver").
2 PROPOSAL
Based on the foregoing, the Issuer hereby proposes the following (the "Proposed Resolution"):

"The Maturity Waiver and the Interest Waiver are hereby approved with immediate effect.
The claim related to the January Interest Payment will exist as a separate claim in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS") until paid to the holders thereof on 28 February 2018 with such separate claim to be established and registered in VPS in accordance with applicable VPS procedures.
No Default Interest shall accrue on the unpaid amounts in the period from the original due date until the date when the effective payment shall be made in accordance with the Interest Waiver.
Upon instruction from Bondholders representing more than 50% o f the Voting Bonds, the WaiverPeriod may be terminated by the Bond Trustee on two days written notice, in which case the all amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement will be immediately payable.
The Bond Trustee is hereby authorised to prepare, approve, finalise and enter into, execute and/or agree any documentation necessary or advisable in relation to the above, in each case in the absolute discretion o f the Bond Trustee. "
3 EVA LU A TIO N OF TH E PR O P O S ED R ESO LU TIO N
The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendation from the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee or any o f its advisors. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposal is acceptable and vote accordingly. It is recommended that the Bondholders seek counsel from their legal, financial and tax advisers regarding the effect of the Proposal.
The Bond Trustee has been informed that the members of the Ad Hoc Committee, representing more than 2/3 of the Voting Bonds, will vote in favour of the Proposal.
For further questions to the Issuer, please contact Miguel Ruiz Tapia at miguel.ruiz@cplatina.com.
For further questions to the Bond Trustee, please contact Fredrik Lundberg or Morten S. Bredesen at mail@nordictrustee.com or +47 22 87 94 00.
4 W R ITTE N B O N D H O LD E R S ' R ESO LU TIO N
Bondholders are hereby provided with a voting request for a Written Resolution pursuant to Clause 16.5 o f the Bond Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, no Bondholders' Meeting will be held.
For a vote to be valid, the Bond Trustee must have received it by post, courier or email to the address indicated in the enclosed form at Schedule 1 (the "Voting F o rm ") no later than 31 January 2018 at 13.00 hours (Oslo time) (the "Voting D eadline").
Notwithstanding the Voting Deadline, and subject to the provisions of Clause 16.5.6 of the Bond Agreement, the Proposed Resolution will become effective automatically upon receipt of affirmative votes by or on behalf of the Bondholders who at the date of this notice represent such majority of votes as would be required if the Proposed Resolution was voted on at a Bondholders' Meeting (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is 2/3 o f the Voting Bonds pursuant to Clause 16.3.5 o f the Bond Agreement) at which all Bondholders entitled to attend and vote thereat were present and voting.
Yours sincerely
Morten S. Bredesen

Morten S. Bredesen Enclosed:
Schedule 1: Voting Form

Written Bondholders' resolution

ISIN NO: 001071S212

10 per cent Latina Offshore Holding Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016 with step up

The undersigned holder or authorised porson/entity, votes either in favour of or against the Proposed Resolution in the summons dated 25.1.2018.

D In favour of the Proposed Resolution D Against the Proposed Resolution.

rsiN ISIN NO 0010715212
C ustodian nam e

A m ount o f bonds ow ned A ccount n u m b er a t C ustodian

Com pany

D ay tim e telephone num ber E m ail

Enclosed to this form is the complete printout from our custodian/VPS,1verifying our bondholding in the bond issue as of:_________
We acknowledge that Nordic Trustee AS in relation to the Written Resolution for verification puiposes may obtain information regarding our holding o f bonds on the above stated account in the securities register VPS.

Place, date
Return: Nordic Trustee AS P.O.Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo
Telefax: +47 22 87 94 10 Tel: +47 22 87 94 00 Mail to: mail@nordictrustee.no

Authorised signature

1If the bonds are held in custody other than in the VPS, evidence provided from the custodian - confirming that (i) you are the owner of the bonds, (ii) in which account number the bonds are hold, and (iii) the amount of bonds owned.

