NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: NO 0010691017 15 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable Bond Issue 2013/2014 (the "Bond Issue")
Oslo, 9 December 2013
Summons to Bondholders' Meeting - Prolongation of term, conversion to open loan and increase of maximum loan amount
1. INTRODUCTION
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA is appointed as Bond Trustee for the above mentioned Bond Issue.
Terms defined in the Bond Agreement shall have the same meaning when used herein.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.
2. BACKGROUND INFORMATION
The Issuer is proposing changes to the Bond Issue to make it possible to raise additional funds under the Bond Issue. The Issuer proposes to raise additional funds of maximum NOK 75 million by issuing new bonds under the Bond Issue (the "New Bonds").
The reason for raising additional funds is that Lumini shopping center is scheduled for a grand opening in late March 2014 (the "Grand Opening"). Prior to the Grand Opening certain fit-out works to accommodate the rental areas for the tenants which are opening stores in the shopping center prior to the Grand Opening are required. The proceeds from the New Bonds will mainly be used for this purpose.
Together with an increase of the total outstanding amount of the Bond Issue through the issue of the New Bonds, the Issuer proposes certain other amendments to the Bond Agreement which includes extending the Maturity Date to 3 April 2017 and converting the Bond Issue to an open bond to enable the Issuer to issue several
PO Box 1470 Vika, N-0116 Oslo | Haalcon VIIs gate 1, Oslo Switchboard: +47 22 87 94 00 | Fax: +47 22 87 9410 | www.trustee.no

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
tranches up to a maximum additional amount of NOK 75 million.
The Issuer also wants to offer the Bondholders a change of control-clause in the Bond Agreement where the Bondholders will have a put option for all their Bonds at par value (including accrued interest) if any person or a group of persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, acquires 1/3 or more of the shares in the Issuer.
The issue of the New Bonds is subject to consent from the bondholders in the Issuer's "25 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable Open Bond Issue 2012/2014" as they currently have security on second priority in Lumini shopping center.
For more detailed information, please contact:
Eirik Forthun CEO EELD AS Telephone: + 47 90639000 Email: ef@eeld.no
Robert Hagen CFO EELD AS Telephone: +47 99798833 Email: Robert.Hagen@eeld.no
Christian Meland Bang Associate at Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS Telephone: +47 92205049 E-mail: cmba@wiersholm.no
3. THE PROPOSAL
The Issuer requests that the Bondholders consent to (i) extending the maturity date under the Bond Issue to 3 April 2017, (ii) converting the Bond Issue to an open bond where the Issuer is entitled to issue several additional tranches of up to NOK 75 million up to the total maximum loan amount of NOK 105 million and (iii) including a change of control-clause as described under Section 2 in the Bond Agreement.
4. USE OF PROCEEDS
The proceeds from the New Bonds will be used to finance fit-out costs for tenants in the Lumini Project and general corporate purposes.
5. NO COMPENSATION
The proposed amendments to the Bond Issue is benefitial for the Bondholders as additional funds is necessary to complete Lumini shopping centre. The Issuer is therefore of the view that under the current circumstances it is not appropriate to offer any remuneration to the Bondholders.

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE

6. ISSUER'S EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSAL
It is the clear opinion of the Issuer that the proposed amendments to the Bond Issue is both necessary and beneficial for the Issuer's stakeholders. The issue of the New Bonds is necessary to fulfill the Issuer's short term obligations and to enable the Issuer to continue the development of Lumini shopping center.

7. SUMMONS FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
In accordance with the relevant provisions under the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' meeting in respect of the Bond Issue to obtain the necessary consents and approvals to enable the Issuer to issue the New Bonds and make the requested amendments to the Bond Issue.

The request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

Bondholders' meeting: Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting:

Time: Place:

23 December 2013 at 12:00 hours (Oslo time), The premises of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Haakon VIIs gt 1, 0161 Oslo - 5th floor

Agenda:

1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Voting over the Proposal.

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:
1. The Proposal (as defined in the summons to this Bondholders' Meeting) is approved by the Bondholders' Meeting.

2. The Bond Trustee is given power of attorney for all matters related to documenting the decisions made by this Bondholders' meeting as well as necessary completion work, including making amendments to the Bond Agreement.

NORSK TILLITSMANN
NORWEGIAN TRUSTEE
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least 1/2 of the voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise Norsk Tillitsmann to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Norsk Tillitsmann to vote, must then be returned to Norsk Tillitsmann in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Norsk Tillitsmann, to notify Norsk Tillitsmann by telephone or by e-mail (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

