Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA
To the bondholders in the FRN Hoegh LNG Holdings Ltd. Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017 (ISINNO 001 066095.4)
Oslo, 20 June 2014

SUMMONS TO BONDHOLDERS' MEETING - REQUEST FOR AMENDMENTS
Nordic Trustee ASA, (formerly Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (the "Bond Trustee")) acts as trustee for the bondholders o f the bonds (the "Bonds") in the above mentioned bond issue (the "Bond Issue") where Hoegh LNG Holding Ltd. (the "Issuer") is the issuer.
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 28 September 2012 and made between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer, as amended by a first amendment agreement dated 10 October 2013 (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

1

POSSIBLE FORMATION OF A MASTER LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

1.1

Introduction

As envisaged when the Bond Agreement was entered into, the Issuer is considering forming a master limited partnership (the "MLP") and to issue and sell common units of the MLP in an initial public offering (the "IPO") and list the common units on a U.S. stock exchange. In connection with the formation of such MLP, certain assets of the Issuer will be transferred to the MLP or a wholly-owned subsidiary o f the MLP. In return the Issuer will receive a combination of common and subordinated units, cash, and be granted incentive distribution rights that would entitle the Issuer to increasing percentages o f incremental cash distributions by the MLP above certain distribution amounts.

Under U.S. tax law, 50% of gross shipping income that is attributable to transportation that begins or ends (but does not both begin and end) in the United States may be subject to a 4% federal income tax without allowance for deduction, unless an exemption is available. In order to preserve the MLP's ability to qualify for an exemption from such U.S. federal income tax, the MLP, if and when formed, will be structured slightly differently from how it was anticipated when the Bond Agreement was entered into in. Instead of being formed as an MLP managed by the MLP's general partner, the MLP will be managed by its board of directors. To accommodate the revised structure, the Issuer has requested certain amendments to be made to the Bond Agreement, as further described herein.

1.2

Governance of the MLP

The governance provisions of a typical MLP are illustrated in Figure 1 attached, with a structure chart attached in Figure 2. Figure 1 describes the strong governance provisions that can be exercised

through control o f the MLP's general partner which range from significant board influence to negative control on certain matters.

Initially, the Issuer's ownership interest in the MLP will exceed 50%. In the longer-term, the Issuer may reduce its ownership interest below 50%, as the MLP issues units from time to time to fund additional acquisitions and optimizes its capital structure, but the Issuer will not reduce its ownership interest below 25%.

The MLP will be managed by its board of directors, and not by the general partner. The MLP will hold a meeting of the common unitholders every year to elect one or more members of its board of directors and to vote on any other matters that are properly brought before the meeting. The general partner will have the right to appoint some, but less than the majority, o f members of the MLP's board o f directors, which appointed directors will serve as directors for terms determined by the general partner. At the MLP's first annual meeting, the general partner will nominate and the common unitholders will elect a majority of the directors. The directors elected by the common unitholders at the first annual meeting will be divided into classes to be elected by the MLP's common unitholders annually on a staggered basis.

Each outstanding common unit will be entitled to one vote on matters subject to a vote o f common unitholders. However, to preserve the MLP's ability to claim an exemption from U.S. federal income tax, if at any time, any person or group owns beneficially more than 4.9% of any class o f units then outstanding, any such units owned by that person or group in excess of 4.9% may not be voted on any matter and will not be considered to be outstanding when sending notices of a meeting of unitholders, calculating required votes (except for purposes of nominating a person for election to the MLP's board of directors), determining the presence of a quorum or for other similar purposes under the M LP's partnership agreement, unless otherwise required by law. The voting rights of any such common unitholders in excess of 4.9% will effectively be redistributed pro rata among the other common unitholders holding less than 4.9% o f the voting power of all classes of units entitled to vote. The general partner, its affiliates and persons who acquired common units with the prior approval of the MLP's board of directors will not be subject to this 4.9% limitation except with respect to voting their common units in the election of the elected directors.
In addition to appointing members to the MLP's board, the general partner will have certain veto rights with respect to certain corporate matters as long as it retains a 25% ownership interest in the MLP.

Based on the governance provisions for a typical MLP, the Issuer has concluded that the MLP would be a Subsidiary of the Issuer until the MLP's first annual meeting of unitholders, but thereafter, the MLP would no longer be a Subsidiary.
However, following the MLP's first annual meeting of unitholders, the Issuer has concluded that the MLP would be considered a JV Company under the Bond Agreement and be subject to the covenants that apply to a JV Company. Since the MLP would be a separately listed entity with a substantial portion of the units held by the public, the Issuer believes that it would not be appropriate that the MLP should be subject to the same covenants as a Subsidiary or a JV Company. In this context, it should be borne in mind that the Issuer will be holding units in a listed entity that are transferable and subject to trading at prices quoted on a U.S. national securities exchange. Therefore, the Issuer proposes that the definition of JV Company in the Bond Agreement is amended to specifically exclude the MLP, as further set out in section 2 below.

1.3

Internal transactions in connection with the formation of the MLP and future transfer

of assets

Prior to the closing of the IPO, the Issuer and the MLP (which at this stage will be 100% owned by the Issuer) will enter into transactions by which, among other things, the Issuer will contribute all of its equity interests in each o f the entities owning certain o f the Issuer's vessels.

Page 2 of 11

As required by relevant accounting rules, certain of the transactions transferring the assets from the Issuer to the MLP will be effected at book value, and not as a result of arm's length negotiations. Similarly, transfer of assets to Group Companies as part of an internal reorganisation to prepare for future transfers to the MLP also has to be effected at book value. However, all of the transaction expenses incurred in connection with the transactions involving the MLP will be paid from the proceeds of the IPO or additional proceeds raised to fond the future transfer of assets. Further, at the closing of the IPO and in connection with future transfer of assets, common units o f the MLP will be issued to the public at a price derived from the underlying values o f the assets contributed to the MLP, or intercompany loans from the MLP to the Issuer will be settled on the basis o f such underlying values. The book value of the equity interests will be increased to reflect the IPO price at this time or at the time of future transfer of assets to the MLP, as the case may be. To allow for the transfer of assets to the MLP prior to the IPO and to prepare for future transfer of assets, the Issuer proposes to substitute the definition o f an MLP Transaction with a definition of an MLP Internal Transaction, and to amend Clause 13.3(f) (Exemptions) of the Bond Agreement to allow for transactions between Group Companies to be made at book value in connection with the establishment of the MLP, as further set out in section 2 below.

Additionally, at or prior to the closing o f the IPO, the MLP may also enter into a revolving credit facility (the "MLP RCF") with the Issuer as lender, to be used to fond the amortization of debt facilities in excess of provisions for replacement CAPEX and the MLP's working capital requirements. The amortization of debt facilities in excess of provisions for replacement CAPEX arises when the debt facilities amortizing over contract lives of up to 20 years, which is shorter than the vessels' useful life of 35 years. The MLP RCF will rank senior to the unitholders' rights to receive distributions from the MLP, and mature on or after 31 December 2017.

The maximum committed amount of the MLP RCF will be USD 145 million, o f which USD 85 million can be made available to the MLP from the completion of the IPO. Upon subsequent transfers of assets to the MLP, the committed amount may be increased upon the transfer o f direct or indirect ownership interest in a vessel or a vessel owning entity by an amount equal to the product of USD 20 million and the percentage of the ownership interest in the vessel or the vessel owning entity being transferred to the MLP.

Furthermore, the Issuer will undertake not to create or permit to subsist any pledge or encumbrance over the MLP RCF.

The Issuer proposes to add an exception to Clause 13.4(e) {Financial assistance restrictions) of the Bond Agreement to provide that the Issuer shall be allowed to enter into such MLP RCF with the MLP as further set out in section 2 below.

In consideration of the changes to the terms of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer proposes to increase the equity ratio covenant in Clause 13.5(c) from 25.0% to 27.5%.

2

PROPOSAL

In accordance with Clause 16.2 of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has asked the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' Meeting for the Bond Issue in order to consider the Issuer's request for the following amendments to the Bond Agreement (for ease of reference, a mark-up showing the proposed amendments to the Bond Agreement is attached to this summons):

In Clause 1.1, the definition of General Partner shall be deleted in its entirety.

In Clause 1.1, the definition of JV Partner shall be amended to read as follows:

Page 3 of 11

"JV Company" means any current and/or future company or partnership (other than an MLP) in which the Issuer (directly or indirectly) holds an ownership interest incorporated or established fo r the purpose o f owning, developing and/or constructing any maritime operating vessel or any other operation which is substantially within the business that the Group is conducting at the date o f this Bond Agreement, and which is not a Subsidiary o f the Issuer.
In Clause 1.1, the definition of MLP shall be amended to read as follows:
"MLP" means a limitedpartnership whose units are traded on a regulated market place or securities exchange and (i) which has been established by a sponsor; (ii) which is managed by its board o f directors; (iii) which has a general partner and a number o f limited partners as investors; and (iv) in which distributions are paid to the partners based on "available cash " with an aim o f maximizing the M LP's distributions.
In Clause 1.1, the definition of MLP shall be amended to read as follows:
"M LP Internal Transaction" means an internal reorganisation, including any hive-down, transfer or series o f transfers o f assets or otherwise, between Group Companies, tofacilitate a subsequent transfer o f assets from one or more Group Companies to an MLP or any Subsidiary o f an MLP.
In Clause 1.1, the following shall be added as a new definition of MLP RCF:
"MLP RCF" shall have the meaning setforth in Clause 13.4(e).
In Clause 1.1, the following shall be added as a new definition of Subsequent MLP Transfer:
"Subsequent MLP Transfer" means a transfer o f the all or a percentage o f the direct or indirect ownership interest in a vessel or a vessel owning entity from a Group Company to an MLP after such M LP's initial public offering in accordance with the terms o f this Bond Agreement.
In Clause 1.1, the definition of Subsidiary shall be amended to read as follows:
"Subsidiary" means a person (other than an MLP) over which another person has decisive influence due to (i) direct or indirect ownership o f shares or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. A person (other than an MLP) shall always be considered to be the subsidiary o f another person if such person has such number o f shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority o f the votes in the person, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority o f the directors in the person.
In Clause 13.3, paragraph (f) shall be amended to read as follows:
(f) Exceptions
The restrictions set out in paragraphs (b)-(d) o f this Clause 13.3 and in paragraph (a) o f Clause 13.4 shall not apply to an FLNG Transaction made on fair market terms or an MLP Internal Transaction, provided that any such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
In Clause 13.4, paragraph (e) shall be amended to read as follows:
(e) Financial assistance restrictions
Page 4 of 11

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company or JV Company shall, grant any loan, guarantee or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting o f security) to any third party not being a member o f the Group (including JV Companies), other than in the ordinary course o f business, provided, however, that a Group Company may provide a revolving creditfacility that ranks senior to the unitholders ' rights to receive distributions from the MLP and matures on or after 31 December 2017, at market terms, to an MLP (an M L P R C F ") in the maximum amount o f USD 145 million and with maturity on or after 31 December 2017, to be used to fu n d such MLP working capital requirements and its distributions, as long as no Encumbrance is created or permitted to subsist over any such Group Company's rights or interest under any such revolving credit facility, and further provided that the maximum amount available to be drawn by such MLP under such revolving creditfacility does not exceed:

(i) from the time o f such M LP's initial public offering until completion o f the initial Subsequent MLP Transfer, USD 85 million;

(ii) from the time o f completion o f each Subsequent MLP Transfer, an amount eaqual to the amount o f the applicable drawing limit immediately prior to such Subsequent MLP Transfer plus an amount equal to the product o f (A) USD 20 million; and (B) the percentage o f the direct or indirect ownership interest in the vessel or the vessel owning entity subsequent to the Subsequent MLP Transfer being transferred to such MLP; and

(Hi) at any times, USD 145 million.

In Clause 13.4, the following provision shall be added as a new paragraph (k):

(k) Ownership interest in the MLP

I f the Issuer establishes an MLP, the Issuer shall at all times retain a direct or indirect ownership interest in such MLP o f at least 25%.

In Clause 13.5, paragraph (c) shall be amended to read as follows:

(c) Minimum Book Equity

The Issuer undertakes to maintain (on a consolidated basis) a Book Equity o f no less than the higher o f (i) USD 200,000,000; and (ii) 27.5% o f Total Assets.

As compensation to the Bondholders for approving the proposal, the Issuer offers the Bondholders a one-time waiver fee of 0.30% (flat) of the face value of the Bonds, payable to the Bondholders (with record date on the end of business on the date of the Bondholders' Meeting) within ten (10) Business Days after the Bondholders' Meeting has approved the proposal set out in this section 2.

3

THE ISSUER'S EVALUATION

The Issuer expects that the MLP will provide an additional source of equity for funding the Issuer's future growth. The demand from US investors for yield makes MLPs an attractive source of funding. MLPs have become commonplace in the shipping and energy sectors, and the Issuer's proposed MLP has a governance structure similar to that of Golar LNG Partners LP and KNOT Offshore Partners LP.

The Issuer believes that the selected structure of the MLP would be in accordance with the intention o f the MLP carve out already included in the Bond Agreement, that the MLP will be beneficial to the

Page 5 of 11

Issuer, and that the proposed amendments to the Bond Agreement will not be contentious or material in the context of the Bond Agreement.

Allowing the Issuer to effect transactions between Group Companies at book value in connection with the establishment of an MLP would not be detrimental to the Group or the Bondholders as there would be no transfer of value outside the Group.

For the purpose of meeting the Bond Agreement's requirements to minimum Free Cash and Free Group Cash, the Bond Agreement currently provides that a proportionate share of the Cash or Cash Equivalents held by a JV Company, calculated on the basis of the percentage of the participation held by the Group in that JV Company, shall be included in Free Cash, while any such Cash and Cash Equivalent shall not be included in the Free Group Cash. By excluding the MLP from the definition of a JV Company, any Cash and Cash Equivalents held by the MLP or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time (including the Subsidiaries contributed to the MLP in the IPO or in any Subsequent MLP Transaction) will not be included in the Free Cash or Free Group Cash.

The lenders under the Issuer's USD 412 million Senior Secured Credit Facility have already approved the formation o f the MLP on the same terms.

4

THE BOND TRUSTEE'S EVALUATION

The amendment request is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendations from the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the proposed changes are acceptable.

5

SUMMON FOR BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' Meeting:

Time:

4 July 2014 at 13:00 hours (Oslo time)

Place:

The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VHs gate 1,0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda:

1. Approval o f the summons. 2. Approval o f the agenda. 3. Election o f two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal:

It is proposed that the Bondholders' Meetings resolves the following:

"The Bondholders' Meeting approves the proposal as described in section 2 of the summons for the Bondholders' Meeting."

To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least half of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the Bondholders' Meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not approved by the Bondholders, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.

Page 6 of 11

Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Form will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and o f the voting rights at the Bondholders' Meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm: (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual Bondholder may authorise the Bond Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising the Bond Trustee to vote, must then be returned to the Bond Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post to post@trustee.no. +47 22 87 94 10, or Nordic Trustee ASA, PO Box 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, Norway).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' Meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof o f the ownership of the Bonds.
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to the Bond Trustee, to notify the Bond Trustee by telephone or by email (at set out at the first page of this letter) within 16:00 hours (4 pm) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.

Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA

Vivian Trøsch

Enclosed:

Bondholder's Form

Page 7 of 11

Fig 1. MLP Governance

Page 8 of 11

Board Matters
3 General Partner appointees
Unitholder Matters

4 Elected Directors
fL 6pIlf 3!fto fi 5H3fr-;=?lffolVp <o nffiT© -L 1Q / o i f f iM rilfJ i rokf.........
faslJ?rSfci &3'jT^'

7 member board 3 general partner appointees 4 directors elected by plurality*1* of common units with no unitholder voting >4.9% % elected directors must be independent Initial board nominates 4 directors to be elected at first AGM and one director thereafter Elected directors stand for reelection on a staggered basis (1 every year)

AND

Subordinated unitholder (HLNG)

Common unitholders*3*

AN° GP General Partner

L'i^'n'iTf5* I ,vf l | 7 i
1? w ill? '? IftlTfS TjjJffiB, '!?7y\ci

i'iy i 1

©7t.r;

 Majority of subordinated unitholders (during subordination period - min [3] years) and common unitholders and GP approval required for: - Certain amendments to the Partnership Agreement - Merger, consolidation or conversion - Dissolution / reconstitution of Partnership
 4.9% cap on voting rights of common unitholders HLNG has veto rights via either sub units or ownership of GP

Notes: (1) The candidate who receives the most votes without necessarily receiving an absolute majority (2) Common unitholders nominating a director as a 10% group are restricted to voting 4.9% in the election (and on other unitholder matters) (3) To maximize vote in board member elections, HLNG will hold min. 4.9% common units and considerably more at listing/on conversion of subordinated units (4) Hoegh LNG GP LLC cannot be removed as GP provided HLNG maintains >25% in units (subordinated and com m on)-w hile technically possible to remove a GP, it
is without precedent - even for MLPs where the GP's interest has dropped below this threshold

Fig. 2: MLP Structure Chart Page 9 of 11

Proposed amendments to the Bond Agreement
Amendments to clause 1.1 (Definitions):
"General Partner" means-the general partner of an MLP, which holds all-the voting rights of such MLP.
"JV Company" means any current and/or future company or nartnershin t'other than an MLP) in which the Issuer (directly or indirectly) holds an ownership interest incorporated or established for the purpose of owning, developing and/or constructing any maritime operating vessel or any other operation which is substantially within the business that the Group is conducting at the date of this Bond Agreement, and which is not a Subsidiary of the Issuer.
"MLP" means a limited partnership whose limited nartnershin sharesunits are traded on a regulated market place or securities exchange and (i) which has been established by a sponsor; (ii) which is managed and-controlled hv a General Partner withhv its board o f directors: tiiit which has a general partner and a number of limited partners (without voting rights in the MLP) as investors; and (i+iiy) in which the profit isdistributions are paid to the partners based on "available cash" with an aim o f maximizing the MLP's distributions-but so that the actual distributions are determined in the General Partner's discretion.
"MLP Internal Transaction" means a transfer of assets by the Issuer to an MLP where the Issuer controls, directly or indirectly, 100% of the voting rights and equity of the General Partner and at least 50% of the equity o f-thean internal reorganisation, including anv hivedown. transfer or series of transfers of assets or otherwise, between Groun Companies, to facilitate a subsequent transfer of assets from one or more Group Companies to an MLP or anv Subsidiary o f an MLP.
"MLP RCF" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 13.4feL
"Subsequent MLP Transfer" means a transfer of the all or a percentage o f the direct or indirect ownership interest in a vessel or a vessel owning entity from a Group Comnanv to an MLP after such MLP's initial public offering in accordance with the terms of this Bond Agreement.
"Subsidiary" means a person t'other than an MLPI over which another person has a-decisive influence due to (i) direct audor indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests,and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. A nerson t'other than an MLPt shall always be considered to be the subsidiary o f another person if such person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the person, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the person.
Amendments to clause 13.3 (General Covenants):
(fl {fj Exceptions
The restrictions set out in paragraphs (b)-(d) of this Clause 13.3 and in naragranh tat of Clause 13.4 shall not apply to an FLNG Transaction made on fair market tenns or
Page 10 of 11

an MLP Internal Transaction, provided that any such transaction is made on fair market terms and would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

Amendments to clause 13.4 (Corporate and operational matters):

(e)

Financial assistance restrictions

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company or JV Company shall, grant any loan, guarantee or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of security) to any third party not being a member of the Group (including JV Companies), other than in the ordinary course of business, provided, however, that a Group Company mav provide a revolving credit facility that ranks senior to the unitholders' rights to receive distributions from the MLP and matures on or after 31 December 2017. at market terms, to an MLP tan "MIT* RCF"t in the maximum amount of USD 145 million and with maturity on or after 31 December 2017. to he used to fund such MLP working capital requirements and its distributions, as long as no Encumbrance is created or permitted to subsist over anv such Groun Company's rights or interest under anv such revolving credit facility, and further provided that the maximum amount available to be drawn bv such MLP under such revolving credit facility does not exceed:

liv) from the time of such MLP's initial public offering until completion of the initial Subsequent MLP Transfer. USD 85 million:

(y) from the time of completion of each Subsequent MLP Transfer, an amount eaaual to the amount of the applicable drawing limit immediately nrior to such Subsequent MLP Transfer plus an amount equal to the product of (AJ USD 20 million: and (B! the percentage of the direct or indirect ownership interest in the vessel or the vessel owning entity subsequent to the Subsequent MLP Transfer being transferred to such MLP: and

(vil at anv times. USD 145 million.

(k)

Ownership interest in the MLP

If the Issuer establishes an MLP. the Issuer shall at all times retain a direct or indirect ownership interest in such MLP of at least 25%.

Amendments to clause 13.5 (Preservation of equity and Financial Covenants):

(c)

Minimum Book Equity

The Issuer undertakes to maintain (on a consolidated basis) a Book Equity o f no less than the higher of (i) USD 200,000,000; and (ii) 2527.5% of Total Assets.

Page 11 of 11

