ISIN NO 001 012883.8 ISIN NO 001 012884.6 ISIN NO 001 012885.3
LOAN AGREEMENT
between
Kværner ASA (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bondholders' Representative)
on behalf of Bondholders in Bond issue Kværner ASA Subordinated Open Bond Issue 2002/2011

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Norsk Tillitsmann AS

1

D e fin itio n s ...............................................................................................................

3

2

The Loan..................................................................................................................

6

3

Listing.......................................................................................................................

8

4

Registration in the V P S ...........................................................................................

8

5

The Bondholders' Representative'sfunctions, duties and liability....................

9

6

Conditions Precedent.............................................................................................

10

7

Representations and W arranties............................................................................

11

8

Status o f the Loan...................................................................................................

11

9

Interest, back end fee and calculations.................................................................

12

10 Maturity o f the Loan and optional redemption..................................................

12



11 Interest in the event o f late paym ent....................................................................

13

12 Issuer's acquisition o f Issuer's B onds...................................................................

13

13 Issuer's undertakings during the term o f the Loan.............................................

14

14 Fees and expenses...................................................................................................

16

15 Events o f D efault...................................................................................................

16

16 Authority o f the Bondholders' meeting and the Bondholders Representative

18

17 Procedural ru le s......................................................................................................

20

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting...........................................................................

23

19 Change o f Bondholders' Representative..............................................................

23

20 Limitation.................................................................................................................

24

21 Dispute resolution and legal ven u e......................................................................

24

2

Norsk Tillitsmann AS

This loan agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into o n _____ January 2002
between K væ rner A S A (Company No 918 883 908) as "Issuer" and Norsk Tillitsmann A SA
(Company No 963 342 624) as "Bondholders' Representative" on behalf o f the owners o f the Bonds related to the Loan (the "Bondholders").

By subscribing to or otherwise acquiring the Bonds, the InitialLenders (as defined below) have

*

authorised the Bondholders' Representative to enter into this Loan Agreement and have

approved the terms and conditions hereof, pursuant to which:

The Bondholders Representative has been granted authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.

231 Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms o f the Loan Agreement and all Bond transferees shall, in taking transfer o f Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms o f this Loan Agreement and upon completed transfer being registered in the VPS to automatically have become parties to this Loan Agreement, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bondholders' Representative or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term o f the Loan.

1

Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings:

V

Norsk TillitsmannAS

Affiliate:
a
+ Banking Day:

any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under common control with the Issuer or any Subsidiary, including (without limitation) Aker RGI A SA or any o f its Affiliates or any Person beneficially owning or holding 20% or more o f any class o f voting securities o f the Issuer or any Subsidiary or any other corporation o f which the Issuer or any Subsidiary owns or holds 20% or more o f any
class o f voting securities, provided that, for purposes o f this definition, "control" (including, with correlative meanings, the terms
"controlled by" and "under common control with"), as used with respect to any Person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, o f the legal power to direct or cause the direction o f the management and policies o f such Person, whether through the ownership o f voting
securities or by contract or otherwise, and provided further that no
Person which is an institution shall be deemed to be an Affiliate o f the Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries solely by reason o f ownership o f the Bonds or other securities issued in exchange for the Bonds or by reason o f having the benefits o f any agreements or covenants o f the Issuer contained in this Agreement.
a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in Oslo, New Y ork and Luxembourg.

Bonds:

the Bonds issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Loan Agreement.

Exchange Ratios:

the USD/NOK and Euro/NOK exchange rates quoted on Reuters at 12:00 Oslo time.

Existing Facilities:

the unsecured financial indebtedness o f the Company set out in Schedule 1.

Initial Exchange Ratios:

the USD/NOK and Euro/NOK exchange rates quoted on Reuters at 12:00 Oslo time on the day which is 3 Banking Days prior to the Rescheduling Date.

Initial Lenders:

the lenders or, incase o f the Eksportfinans Facility (as defined in Schedule 1), guarantors pursuant to the Existing Facilities.

Issuer:

Kværner ASA.

Issuer's Bonds

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Issuer, any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer.

Norsk TillitsmannAS

KU:

the Issuer'sVPS account agent from time to time - initially being Den

norske BankASA, Verdipapirservice.

Loan: ·

the principal amount advanced by the Bondholders to the Issuer pursuant to the Loan Agreement.

Notes: ·
·

approximately US Dollars 29,315,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuer's Subordinated Fixed Rate Notes due October 3 1 ,2 0 11 issued to jo h n Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, Mellon Bank, N.A., as Trustee for Nynex Master Pension Trust, John Hancock Variable Life Insurance Company, Principal Mutual Life Insurance Company and David L Babson & Co, a member o f the Mass Mutual Financial Group.

Payment Date:

means 30 October o f respectively 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011. If the Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments shall be made the following Banking Day.

·

Maturity Date:

means 30 October 2 0 11. If the Payment Date is not a Banking Day

payments shall be made the following Banking Day.

^

Outstanding Loan:

Remaining Loan less Issuer's Bonds converted to N OK at the Initial

Exchange Ratio.

Person: ·

means a corporation, an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a government or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

Rescheduling Date:

8 January 2002 or such later date, not falling later than three Banking

Days after the date upon which the conditions set out in Clause 6 are

·

fulfilled.

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate amount o f all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less Bonds redeemed by the Issuer and discharged through VPS.

^

Subordinated Note

Purchase Agreements: the agreements entered into with each o f the U.S. Bondholders

providing for the sale to such U.S. Bondholders o f the Notes.

^

Subsidiary:

·

an entity as defined as a subsidiary in Sections 1-3 o f the Norwegian

Public Limited Companies Act o f 1 3th June 1997 No. 45.

5y

Norsk TillitsmannAS

U.S. Bondholders:

the Initial Lenders listed in sub-paragraph (h) o f Schedule 1.

VPS:

Verdipapirsentralen (the Norwegian Central Securities Depository).

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary: a subsidiary all the outstanding shares o f every class o f stock o f which are at the time owned by the Issuer or by one or more wholly-owned subsidiary.

2

The Loan

2.1

Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Issuer shall issue the Bonds on the

Rescheduling Date. Bonds to be issued to the guarantors o f the Eksportfinans Facility

shall be issued immediately upon receipt o f evidence that the guarantee issued under the

Eksportfinans Guarantee Facility has been finally discharged through payment made

directly by such guarantors to Eksportfinans as beneficiary o f that guarantee. The Bonds

will be issued at par value against payment by way o f cancellation o f an equivalent

amount o f debt owed to such Initial Lenders, other than the U.S. Bondholders, under

the Existing Facilities. Contemporaneously with entering into this Loan Agreement, the

Issuer is entering into separate Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements with each o f

the U.S. Bondholders providing for the sale to such U.S. Bondholders o f the Notes.

The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the subscriptions o f the Initial Lenders notified to the KU.

2.2

The Loan will be an open loan within a maximum amount o f NOK 4,500,000,000 or its

equivalent in USD and EUR (at t tie Initial Exchange Rate). Initially, the Loan will be

divided into three tranches as follows:

(a) a N OK Tranche o f approximately NOK 1,107,000,000 in aggregate divided into bonds having a nominal value o f NOK 100 each. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) o f the NOK Tranche will be NO 001 012883.8.
(b) a USD Tranche o f approximately USD 364,546,000 in aggregate divided into bonds having a nominal value o f USD 10 each. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) o f the USD Tranche will be NO 001 012884.6.
(c) a EUR Tranche o f approximately Euro 12,936,000 in aggregate divided into bonds having a nominal value o f Euro 10 each. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) o f the EUR Tranche will be NO 001 012885.3.
The amount o f each Tranche will be determined by converting the principal amounts o f indebtedness (whether as moneys borrowed or contingent liabilities under the

Norsk Tillitsmann AS

Eksportfinans Facility) outstanding on 29 October 2001 under the Existing Facilities, including the amount o f any claim for loss o f future fixed rate interest payments to which any Initial Lender is entided under the contractual terms o f any such facility, to N O K at the Initial Exchange Ratios. The N O K amount thus established will determine the percentage o f the Existing Facilities to be converted into the Loan or into Notes, as set out in Schedule 2. Fractions o f Bonds will not be issued, and the number o f bonds to be issued to each Initial Lender will be rounded upwards to the nearest whole Bond. Each Initial Lender will subscribe and be delivered bonds denominated in the currency in which such Initial Lender's Existing Facility is outstanding, unless, in the case o f an Initial Lender whose Existing Facility is outstanding in N O K or EUR (originally LUF), such Initial Lender has elected, within 27 December 2001, to convert its participation in the Loan to USD at the Initial Exchange Ratio.
A ll the Bonds will rank pari passu. Bonds in one Tranche can not be exchanged for bonds ±i another Tranche.

2.3

Each holder o f Notes shall have the right, at its election, to convert at any time all or

any part o f the aggregate principal amount o f the Notes that it holds into the same

aggregate principal amount o f Bonds. If the noteholder elects to convert such Notes, it

will provide notice to the Issuer to such election not less than 10 Banking Days prior to

the date it wishes to convert the Notes, and on such date shall deliver the Notes to be

exchanged to the Issuer along with such notice. Upon the date specified in the above

notice and following receipt o f the Notes to be exchanged, the Issuer (i) shall provide

the exchanging noteholder with evidence that the K U has registered the exchanging

noteholder's Bonds, or interest therein, dn the V P S, and (ii) shall cancel the exchanged

Notes, which shall not be reissued. A ny conversion as aforesaid shall be registered as an

increase o f the USD Tranche o f the Loan.

2.4 The Loan will be described as "Kværner A SA SubordinatedBond Issue 2001/ 2011"
The term o f the Loan is from the Rescheduling Date to 30 October 2011.
The proceeds o f the Loan may only be used for the partial refinancing o f the Existing Facilities.
Holders o f Bonds shall not have any preferential right to participate in any future issuance by the Issuer o f shares, convertible bonds, warrants or other financial instruments or any special rights in the event o f a merger or de-merger o f the Issuer, conversion o f the Issuer into a private limited company ("aksjeselskap") or dissolution o f the Issuer.

e Norsk Tillitsmann AS

3

Listing

3.1

A n application will be submitted in order to have the Loan listed at the Oslo Exchanges.

Each Tranche will be listed separately.

The Issuer will also seek to list the Loan on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

4

Registration in the VPS

4.1

Registration o f the Loan in the VPS is legally required in accordance with Section 1-2 o f

the A ct o fJune 14 ,19 8 5 , no. 62 (the "VPS Act").

The Loan shall be registered in the VPS by KU in accordance with separate agreement between the Issuer and KU.
The registration o f the Loan in the VPS shall be completed prior to the Rescheduling Date.

4.2

The Issuer shall ensure that KU establishes and properly maintains the operation o f the

Issuer's VPS account, according to the provisions o f the VPS Act, Section 4 - 8 , cf.

Sections 3 - 1 and 3 - 3 , with all the obligations, rights and duties conferred by the VPS

Act, regulations pursuant to the TTS Act, other legislation in general and the Loan

Agreement.

4.3

In the event o f any changes in the terms and conditions o f the Loan Agreement which

impact on VPS or the VPS registration, the Issuer shall ensure that KU, with notice to

the Bondholders Representative, carries out the necessary registration, amendment or

deletion o f information with the VPS. The same applies to any decisions regarding

redemption, conversion or default o f the Loan, to the extent such decisions are to be

recorded in the VPS.

4.4

Any expenses incurred by KU in his role as such, and other costs arising as a

consequence o f registration o f the Loan in the VPS, shall be borne by the Issuer.
e

4.5

Provisions in the Loan Agreement pertaining to the role o f KU, hereunder the Issuer's

obligations in this regard, shall remain valid in the event that the role o f KU is

transferred to another organisation authorised to act as such in the VPS.

8

Norsk Tillitsmann AS

5

The Bondholders' Representative's functions, duties and liability

5.1 The Bondholders' Representative shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights visi-vis the Issuer, inter alia

monitor the Issuer's fulfilment o f its obligations under the Loan Agreement, exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Bondholders' Representative under the Loan Agreement, ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholders' meetings are carried out, make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the Bondholders' Representative pur srant to Clause 15 o f the Loan Agreement, forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in the capacity o f Bondholders' Representative,verify the timely and correct payment o f interest and principal, provided that the Bonds are then listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange or any other exchange, inform the Oslo Stock Exchange or such other exchange o f matters o f material significance to such listing, to the extent the Bondholders' Representative is, or, with the exercise o f due care and diligence, should then be aware o f the same, and the Issuer has then failed to comply with a request from the Bondholders' Representative to make appropriate disclosure to such exchange in order to ensure that it is properly informed o f such circumstances.

5.2

In performing its functions as Bondholders' Representative, the Bondholders'

Representative is not obligated to assess the Issuers financial situation or ability to

service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan

Agreement.

5.3

The Bondholders' Representative shall to the extent it considers this expedient to the

Bondholders' interests be entitled to delegate to any person or persons all or any o f the

#

powers, authorities and discretions vested in it by this Agreement, on such terms and

conditions and subject to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the

Bondholders' Representative may accordingly consider appropriate.

5.4

The Bondholders' Representative shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses

suffered by the Bondholders as a result o f the Bondholders' Representative'swilful

misconduct or negligence in performing its functions and duties under the Loan

Agreement. The Bondholders' Representative is not responsible for the content o f the

information the Bondholders' Representative has submitted on behalf o f the Issuer.

/ 8SP

Norsk TillitsmannAS

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1

Prior to 9 January 2002, the Bondholders' Representative shall have received the

following documents and evidence, and written notice shall have been given by the

Bondholders' Representative to the Issuer on or before the Rescheduling Date that the

#

form and content o f such documents have been found dn order:

a)

the Loan Agreement duly signed,

b)

certified copies o f all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and

sign the Loan Agreement,

c)

certified copies o f the Articles o f Association o f the Issuer and extracts from

the relevant registrar (Company's Certificate) or similar documentation

evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf o f the Issuer,

d)

to the extent necessary, certified copies o f authorisations required for the

validity o f and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability

against the Issuer o f the Loan Agreement,

e)

confirmation o f VPS-registration o f the Loan and o f KU 's agreement to

perform its functions as such ±i relation to this Agreement,

*3

written confirmation issued by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 7.1,

g)

the agreement according to Clause 14.1 o f the Loan Agreement, duly signed,

h)

legal opinion in respect o f matters reasonably specified by the Bondholders

Representative's,

i)

evidence o f completion o f the N O K 2,000,000,000 directed share issue o f the

Issuer and o f the underwriting o f the further N OK 1,500,000,000 rights issue,

evidence o f relevant corporate approvals o f the proposed merger o f Aker Oil & Gas Holding AS with Kvaerner Investments AS in exchange for the issue o f shares in the Issuer to Aker Maritime A SA , and

k)

evidence o f the issue o f certain other debt instruments to various financial

creditors in respect o f the Existing Facilities and confirmation o f satisfaction of

applicable conditions precedent.

Norsk Tillitsmann AS

6.2

The Bondholders' Representative shall without unreasonable delay examine all such

documentation and notify the Issuer as to whether the Bondholders' Representative

considers such documentation satisfactory, and o f any reasons for considering this not

to be the case, specifying its requirements in such respect(s), but the Bondholders'

Representative shall be entitled to waive the foregoing requirements or to grant

indulgence as to time o f delivery.

6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the Loan will be made available to the Issuer on
Rescheduling Date.

7

Representations and Warranties

7

The Issuer represents and warrants and shall confirm in writing prior to the

Rescheduling Date that:

a)

all information provided in connection with the issue is correct and in

accordance with known circumstances and that no information which would

have an adverse material effect on the Issuer's financial situation or ability to

fulfil its obligations under the Loan Agreement has been withheld.

b)

all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals o f governmental authorities,

and the Issuer's corporate resolution to take up the issue, have been obtained

and are valid, and

c)

with the exception o f any proceedings specified in the prospectus prepared in

connection with the directed share issue referred to in Clause 6.li) above and

any other documents provided in connection with the issue, to the best o f the

Issuer'sknowledge, no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is

pending or, threatened against it which materially adversely affects the Issuer's

ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement.

7.2 The Issuer shall indemnify the Bondholders' Representative for any economic loss
suffered by the Bondholders' Representativewhilst acting in accordance with the Loan Agreement and with declarations and information provided by the Issuer prior to Rescheduling o f the Loan, and during the term o f the Loan.

8

Status o f the Loan

8.1

During the entire term o f the Lo;. i, the Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Issuer's

obligations under this Agreement represent its unsecured obligations, which in the

11

Norsk TillitsmannAS

event o f the Issuer's insolvency proceedings will be subordinated to all o f its other indebtedness, other than other subordinated debt with which it will rank at least pari passu.

9

Interest, back end fee and calculations

9.1

The loan is non-interest bearing until 30 October 2006 and shall thereafter be interest

bearing at a fixed rate o f 5.00 (five) per cent per annum, accruing from 30 October 2006

until 30 October 2011. The interest shall be payable in arrears on each Payment Date.

9.2

On the Maturity Date the Issuerwill pay a back end fee ("BackEnd Fee") that will

accrue on each Bond on a daily basis over the term o f the Loan up to 10/225 o f the

principal amount o f the Bond. O : early repayment, the accrued fee (pro rated to the

amount repaid) will be paid.

9.3

Interest and Back End Fee on the N O K and EUR Tranches shall be calculated on the

·

basis o f a 360 day year consisting o f 12 months o f 30 days. Part o f month will be

calculated on the basis o f a 30 days month less remaining calendar days in the month,

divided by 360. Interest and Back End Fee on the USD Tranche shall be calculated on

the basis o f a 360 day year and the actual days elapsed.

10

Maturity of the Loan and optional redemption

10.1 The Loan will run without instalments and will be wholly redeemed at par value on the Maturity Date.

10.2 The Issuer may redeem the Loan wholly or partially at par value (100% ), with the addition o f accrued interest and accrued Back End Fee. Partial redemption o f the Loan must be in the minimum o f 1/10 o f the Loan and will, to the extent possible, be allocated on a pro rata basis among all bondholders.

Should the Issuer utilise his redemption right, the Bondholders must be informed of

this in writing via VPS no later than 30 - thirty - Banking Days before the date o f

a

redemption or partial redemption.

Bonds which have been redeemed may not be reissued.

10.3 In the event the Issuer redeems or makes any prepayment o f any Notes, on the date o f such redemption or prepayment it shall make a corresponding redemption hereunder in

12

Norsk Tillitsmann AS

accordance with the provisions o f Clause 10.2 above to ensure that the Bondholders receive their pro rata share o f any such prepayment.

10.4 Clause 10.3 above shall not apply to any redemption o f Notes at the Mandatory

#

Redemption Price (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreements) which the Issuer may

be entitled to if the Issuer has requested any amendment or waiver or any required

approval referred to in Schedule 5 or elsewhere in the Note Purchase Agreements (each,

a "Request") and consent to such Request has not been granted in accordance with the

^

terms o f the Note Purchase Agreements, but agreement to any request corresponding to

such Request has been obtained under the terms o f this Loan Agreement. Any such

redemption o f Notes shall, however, be subject to the prior written consent o f the

Bondholders' Representative.

11

Interest in the event of late payment

11.1 Interest on overdue amounts shall be calculated on the same basis as set out in Clause 9.3 at a rate equal to the aggregate o f (i) six per centp.a. and (ii) (a) in respect o f the N O K Tranche, the interbank offered rate for Norwegian kroner (NIBOR), (b) in respect o f the USD Tranche, the London interbank offered rate for United States Dollars (LIBOR) and (c) in respect o f the EUR Tranche, the interbank offered rate for Euro (EURIBOR) quoted by major Norwegian or international banks elected by the Bondholders' Representative for the relevant period.

11.2 The outstanding amounts shall be interest bearing as mentioned above from the due date until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to sub-clause 15.1 (a),cf. sub-clauses 15.2-15.4.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Issuer's Bonds

12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and hold own Bonds under this Issue ("Issuer's

Bonds"). Any acquisition o f Bonds by the Issuer shall be made on a stock exchange at

which the Bonds are listed. Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by

the Issuer, sold on a stock exchange at which the Bonds are listed or, irrespective o f the

»

provisions o f Clause 10.2, used for partial redemption o f the Remaining Loan.

e Norsk Tillitsmann AS

12.2 If the Company at any time acquires any o f the Bonds or the Notes and, following such acquisition (an "Acquisition") it holds a greater proportion o f the Notes (the "RelevantProportion"), than it holds o f the Bonds, the Issuer shall promptly offer to all holders o f the Bonds to acquire (at the same price as such Acquisitions) such amount o f Bonds as will result in it holding at least the RelevantProportion o f the Notes.

13

Issuer's undertakings during the term o f the Loan

13.1 The Issuer shall not without the approval o f the Bondholders' Representative or where necessary the Bondholders' meeting subject to Clause 16 :

a)

cease to carry on its business,

e

b)

sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part o f its operations or assets in a way

that materially and adversely affects the Issuer's ability to comply with the

obligations under the Loan Agreement,

c)

change the nature o f its business in a way that materially and adversely affects

the Issuer's ability to comply with the obligations under the Loan Agreement,

d)

incur any indebtedness for borrowed money if this would result in the Issuer's

net debt exceeding the higher o f (i) N O K 15 billion or (ii) 2 times the Issuer's

equity plus reserves, where "net debt" means the aggregate consolidated senior

and subordinated indebtedness for borrowed money (excluding for these

purposes (l) any indebtedness which is o ff balance sheet and (ii) any

indebtedness incurred by a shipyard for the purpose o f financing the

construction o f a vessel or vessels in circumstances where such indebtedness is

secured solely on such vessel or vessels or any receivable related thereto) after

deduction o f cash or cash equivalents held by any member o f the group,

e)

make - within a calendar year - a dividend payment to the shareholders o f the

Issuer that constitutes more than 50% o f accumulated net profits (after taxes)

available for distribution (excluding any profits to the extent arising from (i)

disposals o f assets other than in the ordinary course o f business o f the

disposing entity or (ii) the repurchase o f Bonds herunder or Notes),

f)

reduce the Issuer'sshare capital through repayment to the Issuer's shareholders

or --with the exception o f (e) above - make any other form o f payment to the

shareholders that will reduce the Issuer'sequity,

g)

engage in, or permit any subsidiary to engage in, directly or indirectly, any

transaction (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange o f assets or the

14

Norsk TillitsmannAS

rendering o f any service) with any Affiliate, except i i the ordinary course o f

and pursuant to the reasonable requirement o f the Issuer's or such subsidiary's

business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the

Issuer or such subsidiary, as the case may be, than those which might be

obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time from persons which are not

a

an Affiliate; provided that the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to any

transaction between the Issuer and a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary or between

one Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and another Wholly-Owned Subsidiary,

a

h)

carry through a merger (i) in which the Issuer is not the surviving entity or (ii)

which materially and adversely affects the Issuer's ability to comply with the

obligations under the Loan Agreement, or

i)

carry through a demerger (within the meaning o f chapter 14 o f the Norwegian

a

Public Limited Companies Act).

13.2 During the term o f the Loan the Issuer shall:

a)

immediately inform the Bondholders' Representative o f any default o f the

Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as o f any circumstances which would be

(with the expiry o f a grace period, the giving o f notice or the making o f any

determination under the Loan Agreement or any combination o f the aforesaid)

e

such default,

b)

send to the Bondholders' Representative annual reports and quarterly reports

as soon as they are available,

c)

at the Bondholders' Representative'srequest send a report outlining its balance

o f Issuer's Bonds and Notes,

a

d)

forward to the Bondholders' Representativecopies o f notifications to the

Norwegian Register o f Business Enterprises,

e)

provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and

quotation o f the Loan at Oslo Exchanges (if applicable) and to otherwise

enable the Bondholders' Representative to carry out its rights and duties

pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations, and

f)

within a reasonable time limit provide such information about the Issuer's

financial condition as the Bondholders' Representativemay reasonably request.

15

Norsk TillitsmannAS

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall pay an annual fee to the Bondholders' Representative, the amount o f which is set out In a separate agreement.

14.2 The Issuer shall cover all expenses In connection with the Loan, such as preparation o f the Loan Agreement, listing o f the Loan on the Oslo Stock Exchange and registration and administration o f the Loan in VPS.

14.3 The Issuer shall cover any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the Loan.
A ll payments to be made by the Issuer will be free and clear o f all present and future taxes, d e s s required by law. If any deduction is required, the Issuer will pay an additional amount necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive an amount that would otherwise have been received had no such deduction been required.
Any public fees or taxes on sales o f Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regr'ation.
14.4 In addition to the Bondholders Representative'sfee pursuant to sub-clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to sub-clauses 14.2 andl4.3, the Issuer shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bondholders' Representative In connection with the Loan, such as summoning and organising Bondholders' meetings and change o f Bondholders' Representative,unless specifically agreed otherwise. See however sub clause 19.2.

15

Events of Default

·

15.1 The Loan will be deemed to be in default upon the occurrence o f any o f the following

events:

a)

the Issuer shall fail to pay when due under this Loan Agreement any interest, the Back

End Fee or principal; provided, however, that if it is evident that such default will be

remedied within three Banking Days after the due date, the loan will not be deemed to

be in default until the end o f such period.

e

b)

the Issuer shall fail in any material respect to duly perform any other covenant or

obligation to be performed under the Loan Agreement and such failure is not remedied

16

Norsk TillitsmannAS

within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bondholders' Representative,

c)

any other loan or indebtedness of, or assumed or guaranteed by the Issuer exceeding

USD 1 5,000,000 (fifteen million US dollars) - or the equivalent thereof in other

currencies (calculated at the rate quoted by Norges Bank on the date o f calculation for

the purpose o f this clause) --has become repayable prior to the due date thereof as a

result o f acceleration o f maturity caused by an occurrence o f any event o f default

thereunder, which in the opinion o f the Bondholders' Representative materially and

adversely affects the Issuer's ability to comply with the obligations o f the Loan

Agreement;

d)

the Issuer shall enter into voluntei y or involuntary bankruptcy, liquidation or

dissolution or become insolvent or any other event analogous thereto and having

similar effect shall take place, or a substantial part o f the Issuer's assets are impounded,

confiscated or subject to distraint; or

e)

the Issuer has presented the Bondholders' Representative or the Bondholders with

incorrect or incomplete information, which has, or will have a material adverse affect on

the Issuer's material obligations and ability to comply with such, in accordance with the

Loan Agreement.

15.2 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in sub-clause 15.1 occurs, the Bondholders' Representative can, in order to protect the interests o f the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for payment. The Bondholders' Representative may at its discretion, on behalf o f the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan.

15.3 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in sub-clause 15 .1 occurs, the Bondholders' Representative shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:

a)

The Bondholders' Representative receives a demand in writing with respect to the

above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the Outstanding Loan, and the

Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

b)

the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for

payment.

17
#

Norsk TillitsmannAS

In either case the Bondholders' Representative shall on behalf o f the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Bondholders' Representative can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration o f default be made pursuant to sub clause 15.3 a) above and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision pursuant to sub clause 15.3 b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bondholders' Representative pursuant to the terms o f sub-clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Bondholders' Representative shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a written demand for the payment o f the Loan including accrued interest, interest on overdue amounts and expenses.

15.5 A n individual Bondholder or group o f Bondholders shall not otherwise be entitled to demand payment or enforcement o f the Bonds or any o f them directly from the Issuer.

16

Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Bondholders

Representative

16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or this Agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:

a)

change o f Bondholders' Representative,

b)

change o f Issuer (debtor),

c)

changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, capital repayment, maturity

or other conditions,

d)

changes in the Issuer's corporate structure, such as mergers, de-mergers, capital

reduction or conversion, and possible changes to the Issuer's undertakings set

out in Clause 13,

e)

approving the sale, mortgaging or other transactions requiring approval

concerning the Issuer'sassets,

f)

declaring the Loan to be in default.

The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.

Norsk Tillitsmann AS

The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.
16.2 The Bondholders' Representative can on its own make a decision as mentioned in sub
clause 16.1 d) and e), provided that:

a)

the situation regarding the Issuer's assets or the changes in the Issuer's

corporate structure a rem t, in the Bondholders Representative'sjudgement, o f

significant importance to the fulfilment o f the Loan Agreement,

b)

any security provided by the Issuer in connection with the change, in the

judgement o f the Bondholders' Representative,gives adequate Security for the

fulfilment o f the Loan Agreement.

The Bondholders' Representative can reach decisions regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in sub-clause 16.1 c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgement o f the Bondholders' Representative, o f minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the VPS. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the Bondholders' Representative's recommendation in respect o f it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Bondholders' Representativealone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 10 - ten --Banking Days from the dispatch o f the notification.

The Bondholders' Representativemay attach conditions to its decision.

The Bondholders' Representative cannot make any decisions under the Loan Agreement which may give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense o f other Bondholders.

16.3 The Bondholders' Representative is free to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.

16.4 The Bondholders' Representative has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.

Norsk TillitsmannAS

16.5 The Issuer, Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Exchanges shall be notified o f such decisions as stated in sub-clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.

17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:

a)

the Issuer,

b)

Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f the Outstanding Loan,

c)

The Oslo Exchanges - if the Loan is listed - or

d)

the Bondholders' Representative.

A request o f a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed. The request shall be sent to the Bondholders' Representative.

17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Bondholders Representative pursuant to the provisions o f sub-clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Bondholders' Representative can demand that the Issuer does not increase the Outstanding Loan.

If the Bondholders' Representative has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in sub-clause 17.1 within 5 - five - Banking Days after having received such request, then the Issuer, the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Exchanges have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions o f sub-clause 17.3.

17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary announced at the latest 10 - ten - Banking Days before the date o f the meeting.

The summons shall be effected by written notification through the VPS to every

Bondholder with known place o f residence and - if the Loan is listed - to the Oslo

Exchanges for publication. The notification through the V PS shall also include a

printout for each Tranche o f the Loan stating the number o f Bonds in the relevant

Tranche o f the Loan owned by each respective Bondholder at the time the print-out is

#

made.

20

Norsk TillitsmannAS
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting. Copies o f documents relative to these matters shall be distributed with the summons, alternatively the summons shall state that the relevant documents are available from the Bondholders' Representative, the Issuer or at such other place as stated ±1 the summons. If any change o f the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18 o f the Loan Agreement, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform o f the turnout and result o f the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the Bondholders' Representative'spremises or at premises designated by the Bondholders' Representative.
The meeting shall be presided o v ir by the Bondholders' Representative,unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. I f the Bondholders' Representative is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative o f the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders' meeting.
The minutes o f the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result o f the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies elected by the Bondholders' meeting. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Bondholders' Representative, and shall be made available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Issuer, the Bondholders' Representative and - if the Loan is listed representatives o f the Oslo Exchanges have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 A t the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder holding bonds in N O K shall have 100 votes for each Bond he owns. Bondholders holding bonds in the USD Tranche or the EUR Tranche shall have a number o f votes for each such Bond equal to the value in N O K o f such Bond converted at the Initial Exchange Ratio. The notification o f the number o f Bonds in each Tranche o f the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each
21

Norsk Tillitsmann AS

Bondholder through VPS in the summons to the meeting, see sub-clause 17.3, serves as proof o f ownership o f the Bonds in each Tranche and o f each owners' right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.

The Issuer's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the voting Bond capital.
In case o f doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.

17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders

·

representing at least 2/10 o f the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however

Clause 18.

In the event that the Bondholders present represent less than 5/10 o f the Outstanding Loan, decisions may only be made by a 2/3 majority o f the Bonds represented. If the Bondholders present represent 5/10 or more o f the Outstanding Loan, valid decisions may be made by a simple majority.

17.8 In the following matters a majority o f 2/3 o f the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour o f the decision irrespective o f Clause 17.7 above:

a)

change o f Bondholders Representative,



b)

change o f debtor (Issuer),

c)

changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, capital

repayments, maturity and security/collateral, or

d)

corporate or business changes in the Issuer which are o f significant importance

for the fulfilment o f the Loan Agreement.

17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number o f votes shall be recorded in the minutes o f the meeting. In the case o f a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.

Norsk TillitsmannAS

Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form o f a certified copy o f the minutes o f the meeting.

18

Repeated Bondholders' meeting

In the event that less than 2/10 o f the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. A fter a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 2/10 o f the Outstanding Loan are represented.

19

Change o f Bondholders' Representative

19.1 In the event that the Issuer or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1b) wish to replace the Bondholders' Reprs sentative, or a change o f Bondholders' Representative is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Bondholders' Representative has requested such change, the Bondholders' Representative shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.

The Bondholders' Representative shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new Bondholders' Representative.The Bondholders, the Issuer and Oslo Exchanges - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and Oslo Exchanges - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified o f the decision and the date on which the change o f Bondholders' Representative becomes effective.

19.2 The Bondholders' Representative shall act as Bondholders' Representative until a new Bondholders' Representative has been elected and the replacement has become effective. In the event that the Bondholders' Representative does not act properly and the interests o f the Bondholders suffer, the Oslo Exchanges may appoint a temporary Bondholders' Representative.The cost o f the temporary Bondholders' Representative shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former Bondholders' Representative if the change is due to breach o f the Bondholders' Representative'sduties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the Bondholders' Representative is responsible.

19.3 The Bondholders' Representative shall co-operate so that the new Bondholders' Representative is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the

Norsk TillitsmannAS

a

Loan Agreement. The Bondholders' Representative shall provide a summary o f the

following up o f conditions o f the Loan Agreement.

20

Limitation

Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims o f May 18 ,19 79 no 18.

21

Dispute resolution and legal venue

2 1.1 Disputes arising out o f or ±i connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.

21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the Bondholders' Representative'scompetent legal venue, cf. Section 36 o f the Civil Procedures A ct o f August 1 3 ,1 9 1 5 no. 6


The Loan Agreement has been executed in two copies (originals), o f which the Issuer and the Bondholders' Representativekeep one each.

Norsk Tillitsmann AS

·

SCHEDULE 1

The Initial Lendets/Existing Facilities

[Amounts o f restructuredfinancial indebtedness in this Schedule are notyetfinalised.]

a)

US$750,000,000 Guarantee and Multicurrency Revolving Credit Facility dated 15th

February, 1995 as amended and restated byway o f an amendment and restatement

agreement dated 13thApril, 1999 between inter alia Kværner A SA and Dresdner Bank

#

Luxembourg S.A. as agentwith the following as lenders (the "Eksportfinans Facility")

The Chase Manhattan Bank Dresdner Bank Luxembourg S.A. Enskilda, SkandinaviskaEnskilda BankenAB (Publ) UBS A G , London Branch Barclays Bank Pic Bayerische LandesbankGiro2 entrale, London Branch Den norske Bank ASA The Fuji Bank, Limited Handelsbanken, Norwegian Branch o f Svenska HandelsbankenAB (Publ) The Industrial Bank o fJapan, Limited Deutsche Verkehrsbank A G The Bank o f Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd Morgan Guaranty Trust Company o f New York Royal Bank o f Canada RBC Finance BV The Royal Bank o f Scotland Pic. The Tokai Bank, Limited Credit Agricole Indosuez
Banque Internationale A Luxembourg SA
Banque Nationale de Paris Norge A/S Nordea Bank Norge ASA Citibank InternationalPlc, Norway Branch Credit Lyonnais S.A. The Development Bank o f Singapore Ltd KBC BankN.V. Dublin Branch HSBC Bank Pic The Mitsui Trust and Banking Company, Limited National W estminster Bank Pic Nomura Bank International Pic Norddeutsche Landesbank Luxembourg S.A. HVB Banque Luxembourg Societe Anonyme Landesbank Schleswig-Holstein Girozentrale, Copenhagen Branch
and where the restructured financial indebtedness for these purposes in aggregate is NOK 282,164,407.

i
Norsk Tillitsmann AS

b)

US$450,000,000 Revolving Credi; and Swingline Facility dated 1 5th March, 2001

between inter alia Kværner A SA and Den norske Bank A SA as agent with the following

as lenders.

Den norske Bank ASA, London Branch

·

Credit Lyonnais

Norddeutsche Landesbank Luxembourg S.A,

ABN AMRO Bank N.V.

Nordea Bank Norge ASA

Credit Agricole Indosuez, Stockholm Branch

Jyske Bank A/S

Scotiabank Europe pic

Skandinaviska Enskilda BankenAB (publ)

The Fuji Bank, Limited

Barclays Bank pic

Landesbank Rheinbland-Pfalz Girozentrale

Natexis Banques Populaires

Citibank N.A.

Emirates Bank InternationalPJSC

RBS Finance Amsterdam BV

National Bank o f Abu Dhabi

and where the restructured financial indebtedness for these purposes in aggregate is NOK 2,116,233,051.

US$90,000,000 Revolving Credit Facility dated 19th September, 2001 as amended by a
supplemental agreement dated 5th October, 2001 between inter alia Kværner A SA and
Den norske Bank A SA as paying agent with the following as lenders.

ABN AMRO Bank N.V. Den norske Bank ASA Nordea Bank Norge ASA Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
and where the restructured financial indebtedness fo r these purposes in aggregate is N OK 329,191,808.

d)

Norwegian Loan Agreement for 6.25% Kværner a.s bond note 1994/2004 between

Kværner a.s. and Norsk Tillitsmann AS with the holders o f such notes being Initial

Lenders for the purposes o f this Agreement and where the restructured financial

indebtedness for these purposes is N O K 409,655,443.

26

Norsk Tillitsmann AS

e)

Norwegian Loan Agreement for 5.65% Kværner ASA bond note 1997/2002 between

Kværner A SA and Norsk Tillitsmann AS with the holders o f such notes being Initial

Lenders for the purposes o f this Agreement and where the restructured financial

indebtedness for these purposes is NOK 260,927,034.

f)

Norwegian Loan Agreement for 9.72% Kværner A SA bond note 2000/2003 between

Kværner A SA and Norsk Tillitsmann AS with the holders o f such notes being Initial

Lenders fo r the purposes o f this Agreement and where the restructured financial

indebtedness for these purposes is N OK 112,198,624.

g)

Norwegian Loan Agreement for floating interest Kværner A SA bond note 2000/2003

between Kværner A SA and Norsk Tillitsmann A S with the holders o f such notes being

Initial Lenders for the purposes o f this Agreement and where the restructured financial

indebtedness for these purposes is N OK 267,450,210.

h)

US$100,000,000 8.92% Senior Notes due A pril 9 ,2 0 0 4 dated 9th April, 1992 held by.

Joh n Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company Mellon Bank, N.A., as Trustee for Nynex Master Pension Trust Joh n Hancock Variable Life Insurance Company Principal Mutual Life Insurance Company Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (IFM Traditional Account) Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (Pension Management GIA

and where the restructured financial indebtedness for these purposes is NOK 264,169,135.

i)

LUF1,000,000,000 6.10 per cent, bond issue due 12th March, 2002 issued by Kvaerner

#

A SA with Dresdner Bank Luxembourg S.A. as Underwriter and where the restructured

financial indebtedness for these purposes is N O K 103,149,523.

j)

N O K 30m CD due 30/11/01 and where the restructured financial indebtedness for

these purposes is N OK 15,655,622.

k)

N O K 250m CD DUE 3/12/01 and where the restructured financial indebtedness for

these purposes is N O K 130,483,517.

l)

N OK 115m CD due 5/12/01 and where the restructured financial indebtedness for

these purposes is N OK 60,013,218.

m)

N O K 10m CD due 5/12/01 and where the restructured financial indebtedness for

these purposes is N OK 5,218,541.

Norsk TillitsmannAS

n)

N O K 5m CD due 5/12/01 and where the restructured financial indebtedness for these

purposes is N O K 2,609,270.

o)

N O K 60m CD due 17/12/01 and where the restructured financial indebtedness for

these purposes is N OK 31,311,244.

p)

N O K 10m CD due 17/12/01 and where the restructured financial indebtedness for

these purposes is N OK 5,218,541.

q)

N O K 100m CD due 5/6/02 and where the restructured financial indebtedness for

these purposes is N OK 52,185,407.

*)

N O K 100m CD due 20/6/02 and where the restructured financial indebtedness for

these purposes is N OK 52,185,407.

Norsk Tillitsmann AS

SCHEDULE 2

Conversion mechanism

Definitions:

"T U S D "

means the principal amounts outstanding under the Existing Facilities in USD;

"TEUR"

means the principal amounts outstanding under the Existing Facilities in EUR;

`TN OK"

means the principal amounts outstanding under the Existing Facilities in NOK,

means (TUSD * Initial Exchange Ratio USD/NOK) + (TEUR * Initial Exchange Ratio EUR/NOK) + TNOK;

Conversion factor:
The percentage o f the Existing Facilities to be converted into the Loan shall be determined as follows:
Conversion Factor 10 Year Loan = X% = 4,500,000,000 / T * 100

Determination of Tranches:
The amount o f each Tranche shall be determined as follows: USD Tranche = TUSD * X% EUR Tranche = TEUR * X% N O K Tranche = TNOK * X% but will be adjusted for conversions into USD in accordance with Clause 2.2, second sub paragraph.
***

29

