NORDIC TRUSTEE

Denne melding til obligasjonseieme er kun utarbeidet på engelsk. For informasjon vennligst kontakt Nordic Trustee ASA

To the bondholders fn:

ISIN: NO 001 0732811 -FRN Aksjeselskapet av 17. oktober 2014 Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2015/2021

Summons to Bondholders' Meeting

Oslo, 11 September 2015

1. Introduction
Nordic Trustee ASA (the "Trustee") acts as trustee for the holders of the bonds (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue with ISIN NO 001 073281.1 (the "Bonds" or the "Bond Issue") issued by Vizrt Group AS (formerly known as Aksjeselskapet av 17. oktober 2014) (the "Issuer").
All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the bond agreement dated 11 March 2015 made between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer (the "Bond Agreement"), unless otherwise stated herein. References to Clauses and paragraphs are references to Clauses and paragraphs in the Bond Agreement.
The information in this summons regarding the Issuer and market conditions are provided by the Issuer, and the Bond Trustee expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to such information.

2. Background
Clause \3A(h)((h<aranlor Coverage) of the Bond Agreement, under sub-clause (i), contains an undertaking on behalf of the Issuer to ensure that certain of its subsidiaries become Guarantors in relation to the Bonds by the earlier of (i) as soon as practicable after the completion of the liquidation process and (ii) the date falling 180 days after the Disbursement Date (i.e. 7 September 2015).
The liquidation process in relation to Vizit Ltd. is taking longer than initially expected and accordingly the Issuer would like to postpone the first time of testing of compliance to allow it to complete the liquidation process and implement the security package in accordance with Clause 13.4(h) and the security principles in the Bond Agreement, to avoid the additional cost and management time involved in having to amend the security package once the liquidation process, and consequent corporate reorganisation, is completed.
To enable the Issuer to conduct the proposed change of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer has requested the Bond Trustee to summon a Bondholders' Meeting to consider the approval of the proposed changes.
The Bond Trustee is informed that Bondholders representing approximately 84% of the Voting Bonds are in favour o f the Proposal (as defined below).

2/4
3. The Proposal
The Issuer has proposed that the Bond Agreement shall be amended as follows (the "Proposal"):
(a) the definition of "Material Group Companies" in clause 1.1 shall be amended to read as follows:
"Material Group Companies" mans each Subsidiary of the Issuer representing more than 10% of either (i) the total gross assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding goodwill and intra-group transactions) or (ii) the Consolidated EBITDA according to (x) the latest Financial Reports or (y) in respect of the first testing date under clause 13.4(h) only, pro forma best estimates of EBITDA and aggregate gross assets as estimated by the management of the Group, acting reasonably and in good faith.
(b) clause 13.4(h)(ii) shall be amended to read as follows:
Compliance with the conditions set out in paragraph (i) above shall be tested (x) for the first time on the date falling 120 days after the Disbursement Date (unless the Target is at that date undergoing a process of solvent liquidation, in which case the condition shall be tested on the earlier of (i) as soon as practicable after the completion of the liquidation process and subsequent corporate restructuring and (ii) 31 March 2016 and (y) thereafter on an annual basis 60 days after the Financial Statements have been, or should have been, supplied by the Issuer and by reference to such Financial Statements or, in respect of the first testing date only, by reference to pro forma best estimates of EBITDA and aggregate gross assets as estimated by the management of the Group, acting reasonably and in good faith, provided in each case that the gross assets and EBITDA of Group Companies which are not required to become Guarantors in accordance with the Security Principles, shall be disregarded in the calculations.
4. Further information
For more detailed information, please contact:
Nordea Bank Norge ASA Att: Kay Arne Bruland Mobile: +47 992 39 499 Email: kav.arne.bruland@nordea.com
5. Non-reliance
The information in this summons has been prepared by the Issuer. The Proposal is put forward to the Bondholders without further evaluation or recommendation by the Bond Trustee. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation to the Bondholders by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders must independently evaluate whether the Proposal is acceptable and vote accordingly.

6. Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting

The Bondholders are hereby summoned to a Bondholders' meeting, the details of which are set out below:

Time:

25 September at 13:00 hours (1:00 p.m.) (Oslo time),

3/4

Place:

The premises of Nordic Trustee ASA, Haakon VHs gt 1,0161 Oslo - 6thfloor

Agenda:
1. Approval of the summons. 2. Approval of the agenda. 3. Election of two persons to co-sign the minutes together with the chairman. 4. Request for adoption of proposal;

It is proposed that the Bondholders' meeting resolve the following:
The Bondholders Meeting approves the Proposal as set out in item 3 of this summons to the Bondholders' Meeting.
The Bond Trustee is hereby authorized to complete the negotiation of form, terms, conditions and timing in relation to the Proposal, without any obligation to notify the Bondholders. Further, the Bond Trustee is given power of attorney to prepare, finalize and enter into the necessary agreements in connection with the documenting the decisions made by the Bondholders' Meeting as well as carry out the necessary completion work, including making appropriate amendments to the Bond Agreement and enter into an addendum to the Bond Agreement in relation hereto.
***
To approve the above resolution, Bondholders representing at least 2/3 of the Bonds represented in person or by proxy at the meeting must vote in favour of the resolution. In order to have a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting. If the proposal is not adopted, the Bond Agreement will remain unchanged.
Please find attached a Bondholder's Form from the Securities Depository (VPS), indicating your bondholding at the printing date. The Bondholder's Foim will serve as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of the voting rights at the bondholders' meeting. (If the bonds are held in custody - i.e. the owner is not registered directly in the VPS - the custodian must confirm; (i) the owner of the bonds, (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds and (iii) the account number in VPS on which the bonds are registered.)
The individual bondholder may authorise the Nordic Trustee to vote on its behalf, in which case the Bondholder's Form also serves as a proxy. A duly signed Bondholder's Form, authorising Nordic Trustee to vote, must then be returned to Nordic Trustee in due time before the meeting is scheduled (by scanned e-mail, telefax or post - please see the first page of this letter for further details).
In the event that Bonds have been transferred to a new owner after the Bondholder's Form was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the Bondholders' meeting or enclose with the proxy, as the case may be, evidence which the Bond Trustee accepts as sufficient proof of the ownership of the Bonds.

4/4
For practical purposes, we request those who intend to attend the bondholders' meeting, either in person or by proxy other than to Nordic Trustee, to notify Nordic Trustee by telephone or by e-mail (www.mail@trustee.no) within 16:00 hours (4 p.m.) (Oslo time) the Banking Day before the meeting takes place.
Yours sincerely Nordic Trustee ASA
Vivian Trøsch
Enclosed: Bondholder's Form

