EXECUT1ON VERSION
ISINNO 001071088.2
AMENDMIENT AGREEMENT to
THE GUARANTEE granted by
GENEL ENERGY FLC ("Guarantor") in favour of
NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA ("Bond Trustee")
on behalfof THE BONDHOLDERS
("Bondholders")
in conneetion with the bond issue
750 per cent. Genel Energy Finance Ple Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019

EXECUTION VERSION

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made on 13 May 2015 by and between:

(1)

GENEL ENERGY MC, a public company existing under the laws of Jersey with registration

number 107897 as Guarantor; and

(2)

NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA (formerly Norsk Tillitmsann ASA), a company existing under the

laws of Norway with registration no. 963 342 624, as Bond Trustee on behalf of the

Bondholders,

(the parties referred to above in (1) and (2) above are jointly refened to herein as the "Parties").

i____tIIr(#H(IiUi1)]
(A) Pursuant to a bond agreement dated 14 May 2014 (as amended from time to time, the "Bond Agreement") between, Genel Energy Finance Pc as issuer (the "Issuer"), the Guarantor as guarantor, Genel Energy Holding Company Ltd. as Guarantor and the Bond Trustee as bond trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) the Bondholders have made available to the Issuer a bond loan in the aggregate maximum amount USD 500,000,000, subject to the terms and conditions of the Bond Agreement.
(B) In accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement, the Guarantor have granted an independent, unconditional and irrevocable on demand guarantee (Nw: påkravsgaranti) dated 14 May 2014 (the "Guarantee")
(C) The parties to the Bond Agreement have agreed to amend the Bond Agreement as set out in a certain amendment agreement dated on or about the date of this Agreement (the "Axneudinent Agreement") in order to, increase the aggregate maximum aniount under the Bond Agreement to USD 730,000,000.
(D) Pursuant to the terms of the Amendment Agreement, the Guarantor has agreed to enter into this Agreement with the purpose of amending the Guarantee to reflect the increase in the maximum liability amount under the Guarantee.

Words and expressions used herein shall have the same meaning when used herein as set out in the Guarantee unless expressly set out herein or the context otherwise requires.
The Guarantee is hereby amended as foliows: a) Clause 2.1 (Guarantee) of the Guarantee shall be amended to read as foliows:

EXECUTION VERSION
Ihe Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees and agrees to pay, without any ser-off or counterclaim whatsoever, on first demand all amounts expressed by the Bond Trustee to be payable under or in connection with the Bond Agreement (as amended fram time to time) up to a maximum amount of USD 885,000,000 ar the equivalent amount in any other currency (with the addition of any and all interests, default interesis, costs and expenses).

4.1 The Guarantor confu-ms that, notwithstanding the amendments effected by this Agreement, the Guarantee (as amended from time to time) shall continue in full force and effect and shall extend to the liabilities and the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee as amended by this Agreement. As expressly modified by this Agreement, all terms and provisions of the Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by the Parties as if herein set forth in their entirety.
4.2 This Agreement is a Finance Document.
5. NO OTHER AMENDMENTS
Other than the amendments set out in Clause 3 of this Agreement, no other amendments are made to the Guarantee.
The provisions of Clause 13 (Governing law and Jurisdiction) of the Guarantee shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Agreement.

GENEL ENERGY PLC Guarantor

Bond Trustee

Name
Title: Cvtt.pa/vj Æe4e'(7

Name: Title:

This Agreement has been executed in 2 - -two - copies (originals), of which the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee keep one each.

EXECUTJON VERSION
"The Guarantor hereby, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees and agrees to pay, without any set-off or counterclaim whatsoever, on first deinand all amounts expi essed by the Bond Ti ustee to be payable under or in connection with the Bond Agreeinent (as amencled fl om time to tnne) ip to a maimum amount of USD 885,000 000 or mc equzvaleiit amowit in any other currency (with the addition of any and all interests, default interests, costs and expenses)."

4.1 The Guarantor confirms that, notwithstanding the amendments effeeted by this Agreement, the Guarantee (as amended from time to time) shall continue in full force and effect and shall extend to the liabilities and the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee as amended by this Agreement. As expressly modified by this Agreement, all terms and provisions of the Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratif ed and confirmed in all respects by the Parties as ifheiein set forth in their entuety,
4.2 This Agreement is a Finance Document.
5. NO OTRER AMENDMENTS
Other than the amendments set out in Clause 3 of this Agreement, 110 other arnendments are made to the Guarantee.

The provisions ofClause 13 (Governing iaw and Jurisdiction) of the Guarantee shall apply inutatis mutandis to this Agreement.

GENEL ENERGY PLC Guarantor

NORDIC TRIJSTEE. ASA Bond Trustee

Name: Title:

Name: Title

This Agreement has been executed in --2 -two - copies (originals), of which the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee keep one each.
Li

