Denna kallelse till obligationsinnehavarna är endast utformadpå engelska.
Stockholm, 2 June 2016
To the bondholders in:
ISIN: SE0005999521 - Lauritz.com A/S Maximum SEK 550,000,000 Senior Secured Callable Floating rate Bonds 2014/2019
NOTICE OF WRITTEN PROCEDURE - REQUEST TO AMENDMEND TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND RELEASE PART OF SECURITY PACKAGDE
This update voting request for procedure in writing has been sent on 2 June 2016 to Bondholders directly registered in the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD. If you are an authorised nominee under the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act or if you otherwise are holding Bonds on behalf of someone else on a Securities Account, please forward this notice to the holder you represent as soon as possible. For further information, please see below under Section 7.3 (Voting rights and authorisation).
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) acts as agent (the "Agent") for the holders of the bonds (the "Bondholders") in the above mentioned bond issue ISIN SE0005999521 (with an aggregated amount outstanding of SEK 425,000,000) (the "Bonds") issued by Lauritz.com A/S (the "Issuer"). In its capacity as Agent, and as requested by the Issuer, the Agent hereby initiates a procedure in writing, whereby Bondholders can vote for or against the Issuer's requests.
All capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this notice (the "Notice") shall have the meanings assigned to them in the terms and conditions of the Bonds (the "Terms and Conditions").
Bondholders participate by completing and sending the voting form, attached hereto as Schedule 1 (the "Voting Form"), and, if applicable, the power of attorney/authorisation, attached hereto as Schedule 2 (the "Power of Attorney") or other sufficient evidence, if the Bonds are held in custody other than by the CSD, to the Agent. Please contact the securities firm you hold your Bonds through if you do not know how your Bonds are registered or if you need authorisation or other assistance to participate.
The Agent must receive the Voting Form no later than 17:00 (CEST) on 22 June 2016 either by mail, courier or email to the Agent using the contact details set out in Clause 7.7 (Address for sending replies) below. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded.
To be eligible to participate in the Written Procedure, a person must meet the criteria for being a Bondholder on 10 June 2016 (the "Record Date"). This means that the person must be registered on a Securities Account with the CSD, as a direct registered owner (Sw. direktregistrerad ägare) or authorised nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to one or several Bonds.

The information in this Notice regarding the Issuer and market conditions is provided by the Issuer. The Agent expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.
1. Background
On 20 May 2016 the Issuer entered into a conditional sale and lease back agreement in regard to the Issuers Property located at Rovsingsgade 68, Copenhagen. Pursuant to the agreement, the buyer purchases the Property and leases it back to the Issuer. Prior to the transfer of the Property the Issuer will refurbish the Property. The refurbishment is expected to be completed in 2017. After the transaction is completed, this will improve the Issuers's liquidity with minimum DKK 51 million. As part of the agreement, Lauritz.com has committed to a customary lease agreement that cannot be terminated the first 15 years. To induce the Bondholders to approve the agreement the Issuer offers a partial repayment of the Bond in the amount of SEK 100 million at a rate of 104 to be distributed pro rata between all Bondholders (further described under 3).
2. Amendments to the Terms and Conditions
Pursuant to the above the Issuer request that the security given pursuant to the Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement is released by the Bondholders. Consequently the Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement and any mention hereof should be removed from the Terms and Conditions.
Amended wording (new wording, removed wording)
Clause 1.1 - Definitions
" "Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into by the Ejendomsselskabet Rovsingsgade 60 74 ApS and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Holders) not later than in connection with the Second Disbursement, in respect of a first priority pledge--over--one--or--more--owners--mortgages--and/or--all moneys mortgages in the aggregate amount of DKK 100,000,000 registered on the Property, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent). W hen the Acquisition has been concluded the Issuer will become the owner of the Property and at such time the Ejendomsselskabet Rovsingsgade 60 74 ApS shall be released from its obligations under the Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement and be r eplaced by the Issuer through an assignment of the Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement."
2 (8)

Clause 1.1 - Definitions ""Security Documents" means the Share Pledge Agreement, the Shareholder Loan Claim Pledge Agreement, the Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement and the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement, all governed by Danish Law, as well as any other documents requested by the Agent in relation to the perfection of the security purported to be created under such agreements."
Clause 5.1 - Security
"As continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents, the Issuer, the Shareholder and the Second Shareholder shall pledge (i) all shares in the Issuer in accordance with the Share Pledge Agreement, (ii) all its present and future money claims under the Shareholder Loan Claim Agreement in accordance with the Shareholder Loan Claim Pledge Agreement and (iii) an owners mortgage in accordance with the Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement and (iv) the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time in accordance with the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement, in favour of the Holders and the Agent."
Clause 15.1 - Conditions precedent for the second disbursement (d) copy of duly executed Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement
together with a legal opinion confirming that the security inter ests thereunder will be perfected in accordance with 16.1(c); and
Clause 16.1 - Conditions subsequent for the second disbursement (c) that the security interest under the Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement has been--duly perfected,--as--soon--as--r easonably practicable after the Second Disbursement has been made; and
3. Partial Repayment Provided that a requisite majority of the Bondholders have approved the Requests, the Issuer will make a partial repayment pro rata of SEK 100 million at a rate of 104 per cent of the nominal amount that will be payable to the Bondholders five (5) Business Days (or such longer period as may be required for technical reasons by Euroclear
3 (8)

Sweden AB) from the date of the end of the voting period in the Written Procedure (with record date at end-of-business of the expiration date of the voting period in the Written Procedure, being 22 June 2016)(the "Partial Repayment").
4. Conditions
The Issuer acknowledges that the consent by the Bondholders to the amendments of the Terms and Conditions and the release of the pledge over the Property is subject to the following conditions:
(i) That the shares of Lauritz.com Group A/S, parent to the Issuer, have been listed on our around 9 June 2016 at Nasdaq First North Premier;
(ii) The Issuer providing to the Agent a confirmation that the Issuer has duly signed the contemplated transaction and the conditional release of the pledge over the Property;
(iii) The Issuer providing to the Agent a copy of a resolution from the Issuers board of directors approving to enter into necessary amendment agreement to the Terms and Conditions and/or amended terms and conditions, following the Bondholders consent to the Requests.
(iiv) The Issuer providing to the Agent an up to date copy of the constitutional documents of the Issuer; and
(v) The Issuer providing to the Agent a confirmation duly executed by each party providing security and/or guarantees in respect of the Bonds pursuant to which each such party confirms that the security and/or guarantees provided by it remains in full force and effect following the amendments of the Terms and Conditions;
The amendments of the Terms and Conditions and the release of the pledge over the Property are further conditional upon the Issuer making the Partial Repayment.
5. Consent
We kindly ask the Bondholders to confirm that the Bondholders, subject to Clause 4, agree to:
(a) Accept the proposed amendments of the Terms and Conditions.
(b) Instruct the Agent to release all security given pursuant to the Owners Mortgage Pledge Agreement in regard to the property located at Rovsingsgade 68, Copenhagen and to take all actions necessary or appropriate to give effect of and implement the decisions within ten (10) Business Days (or such longer period as may be required for technical reasons) from the date of which the above conditions have been fulfilled.
The consents referred to under item (a)-(b) above are hereafter jointly referred to as the "Requests".
4 (8)

6. Non-reliance
The Requests are presented to the Bondholders by the Issuer, without any evaluation, advice or recommendations from the Agent whatsoever. No independent advisor has been appointed to review and/or analyse the Requests (and their effects) from the Bondholders' perspective. The Bondholders are recommended to seek legal advice to independently evaluate whether the Requests from the Issuer (and their effects) are acceptable or not.
7. Written Procedure
The following instructions need to be adhered to under the Written Procedure.
7.1 Final date to participate in the Written Procedure
The Agent must have received the votes by mail, courier or email to the address indicated below no later than 17:00 (CEST), 22 June 2016. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded.
7.2 Decision procedure
The Agent will determine if received replies are eligible to participate under the Written Procedure as valid votes.
When a requisite majority of consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount have been received by the Agent, the Requests shall be deemed to be adopted, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
Information about the decision taken under the Written Procedure will: i) be sent by notice to the Bondholders and ii) be published on the websites of a) the Issuer and b) the Agent.
A matter decided under the Written Procedure will be binding for all Bondholders, irrespective of them responding in the Written Procedure.
7.3 Voting rights and authorisation
Anyone who wishes to participate in the Written Procedure must on the Record Date (10 June 2016) in the debt register:
(a) be registered as a direct registered owner of a Securities Account; or
(b) be registered as authorised nominee in a Securities Account, with respect to one or several Bonds.
7.4 Bonds registered with a nominee
If you are not registered as a direct registered owner, but your Bonds are held through a registered authorised nominee or another intermediary, you may have two different options to influence the voting for the Bonds.
1. You can ask the authorised nominee or other intermediary that holds the Bonds on your behalf to vote in its own name as instructed by you.
5 (8)

2. You can obtain a Power of Attorney (Schedule 2) from the authorised nominee or other intermediary and send in your own Voting Form based on the authorisation. If you hold your Bonds through several intermediaries, you need to obtain authorisation directly from the intermediary that is registered in the debt register as bondholder of the Securities Account, or from each intermediary in the chain of bondholders, starting with the intermediary that is registered in the debt register as a Bondholder of the Securities Account as authorised nominee or direct registered owner.
Whether one or both of these options are available to you depends on the agreement between you and the authorised nominee or other intermediary that holds the Bonds on your behalf (and the agreement between the intermediaries, if there are more than one).
The Agent recommends that you contact the securities firm that holds the Bonds on your behalf for assistance, if you wish to participate in the Written Procedure and do not know how your Bonds are registered or need authorisation or other assistance to participate. Bonds owned by the Issuer, another Group Company or an Affiliate do not entitle to any voting rights.
7.5 Quorum
To approve the Request, Bondholders representing at least twenty (20) per cent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount must reply to the request under the Written Procedure in order to form a quorum.
If a quorum does not exist, the Agent shall initiate a second Written Procedure, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Issuer. No quorum requirement will applyto suchsecond Written Procedure.
7.6 Majority
Two thirds (2/3) per cent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders reply under the Written Procedure must consent to the Requests.
7.7 Address for sending replies
Return the Voting Form, Schedule 1, and, if applicable, the Power of Attorney/Authorisation in Schedule 2 or other sufficient evidence, if the Bonds are held in custody other than Euroclear Sweden AB, by regular mail, scanned copy by e-mail, or by courier to:
By regular mail:
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) Attn: Written Procedure Lauritz.com A/S P.O. Box 7329 S-103 90 Stockholm
By courier:
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB Attn: Written Procedure Lauritz.com A/S Kungsgatan 35
6 (8)

111 56 Stockholm By email: E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.se 8. FURTHER INFORMATION For further questions to the Agent, regarding the administration of the Written Procedure, please contact the Agent at mail@nordictrustee.se or +46 8 783 79 00. For further questions to the Issuer, regarding the request, please contact the Issuer at claus@lauritz.com.com / se or + 45 28 49 18 46.
Stockholm, 2 June 2016 NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL)
As Agent
7 (8)

Enclosed: Schedule 1 Voting Form Schedule 2 Power of Attorney/Authorisation
8 (8)

VOTING FORM
Schedule 1
For the Written Procedure in Lauritz.com A/S Maximum SEK 550,000,000 Senior Secured Callable Floating rate Bonds 2014/2019 ISIN: SE0005999521.
The undersigned Bondholder or authorised person/entity (the "Voting Person"), votes either For or Against the Requests by marking the applicable box below.
NOTE: I f the Voting Person is not registered as Bondholder (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), the Voting Person must enclose a Power o fAttorney/Authorisation, see Schedule 2.

n For the Requests

n Against the Requests Name of the Voting Person: Capacity of the Voting Person:

Bondholder:

authorised person:

2

Voting Person's reg.no/id.no and country of incorporation/domicile:
Securities Account number at Euroclear Sweden: ( i f applicable)
Name and Securities Account number of custodian(s): (if applicable)
Nominal Amount voted for (in SEK):
Day time telephone number, e-mail address and contact person:

Authorised signature and Name 321

Place, date:

1When voting in this capacity, no further evidence is required.
2When voting in this capacity, the person/entity voting must also enclose Power of Attorney/Authorisation (Schedule 2) from the Bondholder or other proof of authorisation showing the number of votes held on the Record Date.
3If the undersigned is not a Bondholder according the Terms and Condition and has marked the box "authorised person", the undersigned - by signing this document - confirms that the Bondholder has been instructed to refrain from voting for the number of votes cast with this Voting Form.

POWER OF ATTORNEY/AUTHORISATION
Schedule 2 For the Written Procedure in Lauritz.com A/S Maximum SEK 550,000,000 Senior Secured Callable Floating rate Bonds 2014/2019 ISIN: SE0005999521. NOTE: This Power o fAttorney/Authorisation document shall befilled out i f the Voting Person is not registered as Bondholder on the Securities Account, held with Euroclear Sweden. It must always be established a coherent chain ofpower o fattorneys derivedfrom the Bondholder. I.e.ifthe person/entityfilling out this Power o f Attorney/Authorisation in its capacity as "other intermediary", the person/entity must enclose its Power o f Attorney/Authorisation from the Bondholder.
Name of person/entity that is given authorisation (Sw. Befullmaktigad) to vote as per the Record Date:
Nominal Amount (in SEK) the person/entity is authorised to vote for as per the Record Date:
Name of Bondholder or other intermediary giving the authorisation (Sw. Fullmaktsgivaren):
We hereby confirm that the person/entity specified above (Sw. Befullmaktigad) has the right to vote for the Nominal Amount set out above. We represent an aggregate Nominal Amount of: SEK______________________ We are:
n Registered as Bondholder on the Securities Account
n Other intermediary and holds the Bonds through (specify below):
Place, date:
Name: Authorised signature of Bondholder/other intermediary (Sw. Fullmaktsgivaren)

