To: Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) in its capacity as Agent under the Terms and Conditions (each as defined below) on the date hereof
ITDecember 2015
WAIVER REQUEST
1. Introduction
We refer to the SEK 950,000,000 senior secured bonds issued 10 June 2014 with ISIN SE0005999687 (the "Bonds") by Solor Bioenergi Holding AB (publ) (formerly BE Bio Energy Group AB (publ)) (the "Issuer" or "SBHAB"). The Issuer's obligations and rights under the Bonds are subject to the terms and conditions originally dated on or about 10 June 2014 and as amended on 11 August 2015 (the "Terms and Conditions").
All capitalised terms used in this waiver request shall have the meanings given in the Terms and Conditions unless otherwise stated in this waiver request.
The Issuer is contemplating to dispose of its indirect subsidiary SBH Acquisition 3 AB (corporate identity number 556959-8880) ("Acquisition 3", the "Disposal"). A disposal of Acquisition 3 was envisaged when issuing the Bonds and the Terms and Conditions therefore explicitly permits the Disposal. Please refer to clause 12.11.2(a) of the Terms and Conditions.
Acquisition 3 is currently both debtor and creditor under several intercompany loans (please refer to the steps plan set out below). To be able to carry out the Disposal, intercompany receivables and intercompany debts must be removed from Acquisition 3 or settled. However, certain of those intercompany claims are subject to security created by the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreements, which prohibits the disposal of and repayment of the pledged loans. Consequently, the Agent's approval is required for purposes of removing all intercompany claims between Acquisition 3 and the other Group Companies prior to or in connection with the Disposal.
The Issuer is of the view that the proposed reorganisation of the intercompany claims (the "Reorganisation"), as further described in this waiver request and which will enable the Disposal, would be positive for the Group and not be detrimental to the interest of the Holders. Accordingly, the Issuer is therefore requesting that the Agent, on the basis of the authority given to it in Clause 20.1 (Amendments and Waivers) of the Terms and Conditions, consents to the actions described in this waiver request.

2
2. Background
Acquisition 3 is an indirect subsidiary of the Issuer that was established as a special purpose vehicle in connection with the acquisition of the VASS portfolio from E.ON. As a result of the acquisition, Acquisition 3 became the direct owner of VASS Värmeanläggningar i Sverige AB ("VASS"). In October 2014, VASS merged into Acquisition 3 with Acquisition 3 as the surviving entity. In accordance with the Terms and Conditions, all assets owned by VASS were disposed of to two separate operating companies, Solör Värmeanläggningar i Sverige Fastighets AB ("Värmeanläggningar") and Solör Bioenergi Fjärrvärme AB ("Fjärrvärme"). Värmeanläggningar and Fjärrvärme are owned by the Issuer's direct Subsidiary SBH Acquisition 2 AB ("Acquisition 2").
The merger had certain tax effects and in the audited accounts for Acquisition 3 for 2014 a deferred tax liability of SEK 165,451,000 is recorded. Following the completion of the disposals and the merger, Acquisition 3 has not conducted any business or other operations.
Save for certain intragroup claims and liabilities towards other Group Companies, which are further described below, and the tax liabilities referred to above, Acquisition 3 has no assets or liabilities.
Set out below are the intercompany loans within the Group that will be affected by the Reorganisation. Please note that all figures are approximate, in thousands of SEK and provided for illustration purposes only.
Key for the structure chart and steps plan below
 "Cl" is a purchase price claim relating to the sale of assets to Fjärrvärme (referred to as a SBH 3 Asset Disposal in the Terms and Conditions).
 "C2" is a purchase price claim relating to the sale of assets to Värmeanläggningar (referred to as a SBH 3 Asset Disposal in the Terms and Conditions).
 "C3" relates to a shareholder contribution from Acquisition 2 to Acquisition 3 in an amount of 431,250 and purchase price for the sale of Värmeanläggningar by Acquisition 3 to Acquisition 2 in an amount of 24,142.
 "Dl" is a debt owed by Acquisition 3 to SBHAS.  "D2" relates to the down streaming of proceeds from the Bonds to Acquisition 3.  "D3" is a loan from SBHAB to Acquisition 3.  "D4" consists of a claim pertaining to adjustment of the purchase price relating to C l in an
amount of 368,414 and a group contribution from Acquisition 3 to Fjärrvärme in an amount of 374,000.  "Rl" is a purchase price claim owed by Acquisition 2 to SBHAS relating to the purchase of Dl. It arises in Step 1.  "R2" is a claim owed by Acquisition 3 to Acquisition 2 arising as compensation for Acquisition 2 assuming the debtor position from Acquisition 3 under D4 in Step 1.  "R3" is a temporary claim owed by Acquisition 2 to Acquisition 3 after the set-offs in Step 3.

3
New claims and changes to claims are highlighted by dotted lines in red. Save for the intercompany loans referred to as Dl, D3 and R1 below, all loans set out in the structure chart constitute (or may constitute) either Material Intercompany Loans or Acquisition Loans and are consequently subject to security in favour of the Holders and the proposed actions with respect to those loans require consent from the Agent.
The contemplated reorganisation of the intercompany loans will be executed pursuant to the steps set out below. Step 1 In the first step, Solør Bioenergi Holding AS (also referred to as "SBHAS") will transfer D l to Acquisition 2 against the issuing of a loan note in an amount corresponding to the then outstanding amount of D l (including any accrued but unpaid interest) ("Rl"). Moreover, the Issuer (referred to as "SBHAB" in the picture below) will contribute its claim on Acquisition 3 ("D3") to Acquisition 2. Following these two transactions, Acquisition 2 will be the creditor under Dl, D2 and D3. Acquisition 2 will assume the debtor position under D4 from Acquisition 3 and will in exchange receive a temporary receivable in a corresponding amount (including accrued but unpaid interest) on Acquisition 3 ("R2"). The transfer of the debtor position will be made subject to existing security.

4
Step 2 and step 3 In the second step, Acquisition 2 will acquire C l and C2 from Acquisition 3 for a purchase price corresponding to the amount of the outstanding claims (including accrued but unpaid interest). The acquisition will be made subject to the existing security over C l and C2 and Acquisition 2 will confirm the security in accordance with Clause 12.11.4 of the Terms and Conditions. Acquisition 2 will pay part of the purchase price for C l and C2 by setting-off part of the obligation to pay the purchase price and C3 against Dl, D2, D3 and R2 up to the aggregate amount of Dl, D2, D3 and R2 (step 3). The residual purchase price will remain outstanding as a debt owed by Acquisition 2 to Acquisition 3 in an amount of approximately SEK 188,177,000 ("R3"). Following step 2 and 3, the only claim that will remain between Acquisition 2 and Acquisition 3 is R3.

Step 2
S8HA6

5
Step 3
SBHAB

Step 4
Acquisition 2 will instruct the purchaser of Acquisition 3 to pay part of the purchase price for Acquisition 3 by discharging R3 so that R3 becomes fully repaid upon completion of the Disposal.
The structure following the completion of the Disposal and the reorganisation will be as follows.
Ending point

6
3. Confirmation
We hereby confirm that:
i. all material information set out in this waiver request is correct, complete and upto-date;
ii. all amount of the different claims are real and undisputed;
iii. all existing security created in favour of the Holders and which is referred to in this waiver request is valid and in full force and effect; and
iv. none of the Group Companies are insolvent at the date of this request.
4. Waiver request
For the purpose of proceeding with and completing the Reorganisation and Disposal (the ("Transactions"), we hereby kindly request that you, subject to the conditions set out in Clause 5 (Conditions for the Waiver) below, consent and agree to the Transactions and waive any provisions in the Finance Documents that otherwise would be breached by the carrying out of the Transactions (the "Waiver").
We further kindly request that you will release the Security granted by Acquisition 3 and over the shares in Acquisition 3 in connection with the disposal of Acquisition 3.
This Waiver shall become effective on the date when the Issuer has received a countersigned copy of this waiver request duly signed by the Agent.
5. Conditions for the Waiver
The Waiver is subject to the following conditions, that:
i. the disposal of C l and C2, and the assumption of the debtor position under D4, will be made subject to the existing security over such claims and that the security will be confirmed by each relevant creditor and debtor;
ii. the Transactions will be carried out as described above and the new claim R3 will be fully repaid upon completion of the Disposal;
iii. the Transactions are completed no later than 31 December 2015; and
iv. Roschier Advokatbyrå AB will provide the Agent with a note in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent as to the impact of the Reorganisation on the Holders' overall security position.
6. Miscellaneous
Save as agreed in, waived and amended by this letter, the provisions of the Finance Documents shall continue in full force and effect.

7
Amendments to this waiver request shall be made in writing. The provisions of Clause 27 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction) of the Terms and Conditions shall apply to this letter, mutatis mutandis.

By: Martinus Brandal for and on behalf of SOLdR BIOENERGI HOLDING AB (PUBL) Acknowledgement We confirm and agree to the terms of this waiver request. By: Date:__ December 2015 NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL) as Agent (acting on behalf of itself and the Holders)
[Signature page to the waiver request]

Yours faithfully,
By: Martinus Brandal for and on behalf of SOL6R BIOENERGI HOLDING AB (PUBL) Acknowledgement We confirm and agree to the terms of this waiver request.
Date: December 2015 NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL) as Agent (acting on behalf of itself and the Holders)
[Signature page to the waiver request]

