Notice of early redemption

July 10, 2015

On 3 June 2015, Nobina AB (publ) announced its intention to repay Nobina Europe AB's (publ) (the "Company") maximum SEK 600,000,000 senior secured callable fixed rate bonds 2014/2019 (ISIN: SE0005797578) (the "Bonds") with proceeds from its initial public offering. The Company hereby gives notice to all holders of Bonds of exercise of its option for early redemption of the Bonds in full in accordance with section 11.3 of the terms and conditions for the Bonds. Unless otherwise defined in this notice, all words and expressions defined in the terms and conditions for the Bonds shall have the same meaning in this notice.

The date on which the redemption will occur will be August 11, 2015 (the "Early Redemption Date"). The Bonds will be redeemed at an amount equal to the sum of:

(a) 104 per cent of the Nominal Amount (i.e. SEK 1,040,000 per Bond); (b) the present value on the relevant Record Date of the remaining Interest payments
(excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the Early Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date 14 November 2016;

both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (together, the Make Whole Amount); and

(c) accrued interest from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date up to and including the Early Redemption Date;

The redemption amount will be disbursed to holders registered as owners of Bonds on the Record Date August 4, 2015. The last trading date to have a transaction registered on such Record Date is July 31, 2015. In connection with the redemption, the Bonds will be delisted from the corporate bond list at Nasdaq Stockholm.

The Company's notice on early redemption is irrevocable and is governed by Swedish law. This notice is, for the avoidance of doubt, not an offer to purchase or sell financial instruments.

For questions please contact your nominee initially.

Stockholm, July 10, 2015

Nobina Europe AB (publ)

For more information, please contact:

Stina Thorman, Acting Head of Investor Relations, Nobina

Telephone:

+46 8 410 650 71

E-mail:

stina.thorman@nobina.com

Nobina is the largest and most experienced public bus transport service provider in the Nordic region. The company's expertise in prospecting, tendering and active management of public bus transport contracts in combination with long-term delivery quality makes Nobina an industry leader in terms of profitability, development and initiatives that promote a healthier industry. Every day, Nobina ensures that more than one million people arrive at work, school or other activities by delivering contracted public bus transport services in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Denmark. In addition, Nobina offers express bus services under the Swebus brand in the Swedish market. The company has approximately 7,600 full time equivalent employees and is headquartered in Stockholm. For more information, visit: www.nobina.com.

