NORDIC TRUSTEE
Denna information till obligationsinnehavarna är endast utformad på engelska. För mer information, vänligen kontakta Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ).
To Holders of the maximum SEK 200,000,000 senior secured callable fixed rate bonds 2013/2018 with ISIN SE0005504719 (the "Bonds" or the "Terms and Conditions") issued by Byggmästare Anders J Ahlström Fastighets AB (publ)
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this notice shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions. A reference herein to a Section is a reference to such section in this notice. A reference herein to a Clause is a reference to such clause in the Terms and Conditions.
This notice has been sent on 17 March 2016 to Holders directly registered in the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) in respect of the Bonds kept by Euroclear Sweden AB ("Euroclear Sweden"). Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (the "Agent") is appointed as Agent for the above mentioned Bonds, under the Terms and Conditions. In its capacity as Agent and following a request by Byggmästare Anders J Ahlström Fastighets AB (publ) (the "Issuer"), Nordic Trustee & Agency AB has in accordance with Clause 20.1 (a) of the Terms and Conditions agreed to temporary waive a provision in the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer and the Agent have agreed that the Issuer shall be permitted to make a group contribution to Byggmästare Anders J Ahlström Holding AB (publ) (the "Parent") per year end of 2015. Such contribution has been made in the amount of SEK 8 million. The Parent has simultaneously provided the Issuer with an unconditional shareholder's contribution in the corresponding amount. Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions the Issuer is prohibited to make any distributions, however as the distribution is off set by a corresponding contribution, the net effect will benefit the financial position of the Group. The waiver is effective from February 24, 2016.
NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (publ) As Agent

P.O. Box 7329, S-103 90 Stockholm, Kungsgatan 35. Stockholm

norcliotrustee.com

