VICTORIA PARK AB (PUBL)
prospectus regarding listing of
maximum SEK 1,000,000,000 senior unsecured callable floating rate bonds 2016/2020
Joint bookrunners: Carnegie Investment Bank AB & Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial
1

IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This prospectus ("the "Prospectus") has been prepared by Victoria Park AB (publ), registration number 556695-0738, in relation to the application for listing of the Company's maximum SEK 1,000,000,000 senior unsecured callable floating rate bonds 2016/2020 (the "Bonds") on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm. References to the "Company", "Victoria Park" or the "Group" refer in this Prospectus to Victoria Park AB (publ) and/or its subsidiaries depending on the circumstances. References to "SEK" refer to Swedish kronor. References to the "Terms and Conditions" refer to the Terms and Conditions for the Bonds. Terms defined in the section Terms and Conditions are used with the same meaning in the Prospectus unless otherwise is explicitly defined or otherwise understood from the context.
This Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (Sw: lag (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument) (the "Trading Act") and Commission Regulation (EU) No 809/2004 of 29 April 2004 implementing Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (the "Prospectus Regulation"), each as amended. The Prospectus has been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw: Finansinspektionen) (the "SFSA") in accordance with the provisions in Chapter 2, Sections 25 and 26 of the Trading Act. SFSA's approval and registration do not imply that the information in this Prospectus is correct or complete.
This Prospectus is not an offer for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the Bonds in any jurisdiction. It has been prepared solely for the purpose of listing the Bonds on Nasdaq Stockholm. The Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution or disposal requires additional prospectus, registration or other measures than those required by Swedish law or is contrary to the rules and regulations in such jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes or persons who acquire the Bonds are therefore required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions.
The Prospectus will be available at the SFSA's web page, www.fi.se, and the Company's web page, www.victoriapark.se. Paper copies may be obtained from the Company.
This Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements and assumptions regarding future market conditions, operations and results. Such forward-looking statements and information are based on the beliefs of the Company's management as well as on numerous assumptions regarding Victoria Park's present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Group will operate in the future. Although the Company believes that any forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on reasonable assumptions and expectations, forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and are subject to certain risks, the occurrence of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in the forward-looking statements and from past results, performances or achievements. Further, actual events and financial outcomes may differ significantly from what is described in such statements as a result of the materialisation of risks and other factors affecting the Group's operations. Such factors of a significant nature are mentioned in section "Risk factors" below.
The Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors and each potential investor in the Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; (ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Bonds and the impact other Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Bonds; (iv) understand thoroughly the Terms and Conditions; and (v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
This Prospectus shall be read together with documents that are incorporated hereto by reference and possible supplements to the Prospectus. The figures in this Prospectus have in some cases been rounded off and, as a result, the numerical figures shown as totals in this Prospectus may vary slightly from the exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them.
Swedish law governs the Prospectus. Disputes concerning, or related to, the contents of this Prospectus shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Sweden.
2

TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS...........................................................................................................................................................................................................4 RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION IN THE PROSPECTUS............................................................................................................14 SHORT SUMMARY OF THE BONDS................................................................................................................................................................. 15 THE COMPANY AND ITS OPERATIONS..........................................................................................................................................................18 COMPLETE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE BONDS........................................................................................................................24 ADDRESSES............................................................................................................................................................................................................. 62
3

RISK FACTORS
Investing in the Bonds involves inherent risks. The financial performance of the Company and the Group and the risks associated with its business are important when making a decision on whether to invest in the Bonds. A number of risk factors and uncertainties may adversely affect the Group. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occurs, the business, operating results and financial position of the Group could be materially and adversely affected, which ultimately could affect the Company's ability to make payments of interest and repayments of principal under the Terms and Conditions. In this section, a number of risk factors are illustrated, namely general risks pertaining to the Group's business operations and material risks relating to the Bonds as financial instruments. The risks presented below are not exhaustive and other risks not discussed herein may also adversely affect the Group, the price of the Bonds and the Company's ability to service its debt obligations. Further, the risk factors are not ranked in order of importance. Potential investors should consider carefully the information contained in this Prospectus and make an independent evaluation before making an investment decision.
Risks related to the Company, the industry and the market
Macroeconomic factors
The real estate market is to a large extent affected by macroeconomic factors such as the general state of the economy (including GDP development), regional economic developments, the employment rate, production of new residential units and premises, infrastructural development, population growth, demographic developments, inflation and interest rates.
Economic growth affects the employment rate, which is an essential basis for supply and demand on the rental market and consequently impacts vacancy rates and rental levels. Inflation expectations and inflation have an impact on interest rates. Interest expenses are among the Company's largest cost items. In the long term, interest rate changes affect the Company's earnings and cash flow significantly. Increased inflation also increases the Company's costs. Furthermore, changes in interest rates and inflation also impact yield requirements and, consequently, the market value of the Company's properties. Increased interest rates result in increased yield requirements, which in turn result in decreased market value on properties. Changes in the yield requirements may also affect the price level on the property market relevant for the Company.
If one or several of these factors would have a negative development, leading to higher vacancy rates and interest rates, increased costs and lower rental rates, it would have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
General political risks and risks related to society
The Company's operations are subject to general political risks and risks related to the municipalities in which operations are conducted, including the risk of potential local, regional or national governmental intervention, potential changes in tax regulations as well as potential political, social and economic disturbances. The housing market is subject to extensive rules and regulations, and is subject to interest from political and other actors. Furthermore, there are significant differences in the political parties' view on important policy decisions in relation to the housing market, for example, the size and occurrence of taxes, regulations regarding rental levels, the conversion of leasehold flats into tenant-owned flats, and the progress of the public housing sector's divestment of residential units. There is a risk that changes to regulation occur which could affect the ownership of real estate properties, real estate transactions or the rental market. If any of the above described risks were to materialise, it could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Geographical risks
The supply and demand of properties, and subsequently the return on real estate investments, differs between geographical markets and may develop differently within the geographical
4

markets in which the Group operates. The Group has a diversified property portfolio with properties in Malmö, Stockholm, Gothenburg, Markaryd, Borås, Kristianstad, Eskilstuna and Linköping. However, the demand could decline in most or all geographical markets. This may result in increased vacancy rates, deteriorated possibilities to increase the rental rates in the future or declining property value, which could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Rental income
The main part of the Group's business consists of owning residential property in Malmö, Stockholm, Gothenburg, Markaryd, Borås, Kristianstad, Eskilstuna and Linköping, which means that the occupancy rate of the apartments, the contracted rent levels and the tenants' desire and ability to pay are of crucial importance for the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. Occupancy rates and rent levels are affected by, for example, the general state of economic development, national/regional and local parameters such as economic growth, employment development, population development as well as structure and infrastructural changes. Furthermore, in Sweden rents for residential properties are regulated. The regulatory cap on rent may prevent expected rent increase, thus preventing the Group from recovering costs spent in relation to the property. If the general economic trends and developments were to be weak over time or if occupancy rate or rent levels were to decrease, or not increase as expected, it would have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
The desire to pay for rental apartments is, among other things, dependent on how well a specific residential unit corresponds to the market demand, the activity on the residential market, the general price trend on rental apartments and demographic factors, such as people moving into the specific region. The desire to pay for rental apartments is further affected by, among other things, the access and cost for alternative residential forms. The ability to pay for rental apartments is, among other things, dependent on the development of wages, the employment ratio, the levels of taxes and charges, the statutory rules for rent levels and other factors which generally affect the economy of households. There is a risk that changes to rules which aim to implement market prices could have a negative impact on the ability to pay for rental apartments. If the ability or the desire to pay for rental apartments would develop in a negative way, it could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
The Company is dependent on tenants paying their rent on time. There is a risk that tenants cease their payments, or otherwise do not fulfil their obligations. If the tenants do not at all, or only after collection measures, fulfil their obligations, it could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Operating and maintenance costs
Operating costs mainly consist of tariff-based costs such as costs for electricity, sanitation, water and heating. Many of these products and services can only be bought from one service provider, which may affect the price. To the extent increases in such costs are not, directly or indirectly, compensated by terms in rental agreements, or by renegotiation of rental agreements in order to increase the income of the Company, it could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. To some extent, the Company has siteleasehold right (Sw. tomträtt) to properties, which are owned by the municipalities where they are located. The site-leasehold right agreements related to these properties are normally renegotiated at an interval of ten years. The Company's rent to the municipality is currently calculated in order to provide a reasonable rent on the assessed value of the property. Consequently, there is a risk that the site-leasehold rent that the Company has to pay increases but also that the basis of the calculation of such rent changes. Should the Company's rent expenses in relation to such site-leasehold leases significantly differ from the rent rates the Company is able to charge its tenants, it could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Maintenance costs are attributable to actions that intend to maintain the properties' long term standard and value. Maintenance costs also include costs for tenant adjustments related to new
5

or prolonged or expanded lease agreements. These costs are accounted for as costs in the income statement to the extent that they constitute reparations and substitutions of smaller parts. Other maintenance costs are activated when the expenses arise. Unexpected and large renovation needs as well as higher prices attributable to renovations may increase the maintenance costs for the Company, which may have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Capital gain, loss and value changes
The properties are recorded at real value in the balance sheet and any changes to the value of the properties will be accounted for in the income statement. The Company's possibilities to create capital gain by selling buildings within the properties will be affected by e.g. partly property specific factors such as how well the Company has succeeded in improving and developing the properties as well as the contractual and customer structures, the vacancy rate, the rental level, operating costs and permitted usage of the properties. In addition, market specific factors such as the general rent and economic situations, the local availability and demand balance, the expected rent growth, the tax situation, loan financing possibilities and yield demands all play a role in the development of property prices. Any decrease in the valuations of the Group's properties, whether realised or unrealised, could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Risks associated with the Company's lifestyle housing
The Company's lifestyle housing project in Malmö consists of four parts: two finalised parts, one part close to finalisation where all apartments have been sold and one part which is under construction where preliminary agreements obliging the customers to buy the apartment (Sw. förhandsavtal) have been entered into in respect of 61 of 64 apartments. Furthermore, the Company has entered into a site lease agreement with the cooperative housing association (Sw. bostadsrättsförening) owning the main building in the area as well as service agreements with this association and the other cooperative housing associations owning the other finalised or almost finalised parts. The site lease agreement is valid for 25 years, calculated from 2009, and grants the Company access to the premises in order to offer services to residents under certain cooperation and service agreements. Under the cooperation and service agreements, the Company is obliged to supply certain services in exchange for a service charge. The service charge is indexed following the Swedish consumer price index (the "CPI"). However, the Company's costs attributable to the services may increase more than the CPI. The cooperation and service agreements, which are valid for 45 years from 2009, may under certain circumstances be prematurely terminated at the Company's discretion, however not prior to 2024. If the Company's costs related to the offered services would increase more than the CPI it could have a negative impact on the Group's financial position and results.
In the development projects relating to the Company's lifestyle housing business area, the Company acts as contractor in relation to the future cooperative housing associations and purchaser in relation to the external, actual contractor. To the extent that these contractual relations are not on a back-to-back basis, there is a risk that the Company will have to remunerate cooperative housing associations without being able to claim full compensation from the external contractor, which may adversely affect the Group's financial position and results.
Financing and refinancing risks
A major risk for the Company is to not having access to financing. The Company's financing portfolio is currently based on bilateral facility agreements and the Company's outstanding bond loan, and will after the issue of the Bonds also consist of the Bonds.
The Company is dependent on its ability to refinance existing facilities at their due date and to obtain additional financing at market terms in connection with for example property acquisitions. In case the Company is unable to refinance existing facilities or obtain additional financing at market terms, as a result of a deficiency in the capital market or for any other reason, it could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Financing agreements entered into by the Company usually contain financial covenants, for instance regarding equity ratios, interest coverage ratios and maximum loan amount in
6

comparison with the estimated market value of the properties. If the Company cannot meet the specific covenants, the creditors usually have the right to demand repayment as well as additional amounts, enforce pledged assets or request changes to the terms and conditions of the financing agreements. Should creditors demand repayment of loans or additional amounts, the Company may have to obtain other financing, and there is a risk that such financing cannot be obtained at all, or on terms that are acceptable to the Company. If any of the above risks would materialise, this could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company cannot meet its payment obligations at the maturity date without the cost for obtaining cash or cash equivalents increasing significantly. The Company will be dependent on available liquidity in order to fulfil its obligations with respect to paying operating and maintenance costs, making investments and paying interest and making repayments under its financing facilities. If the Company's liquidity sources prove not to be sufficient, there is a risk that the Company only can meet its payment obligations by raising funds on terms significantly increasing its financing costs or that the Company cannot meet its payment obligations at all and as a result thereof being in default under material agreements entered into by the Company, which could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Interest expense risks
Interest expenses are among the main cost items for the Company. The interest expenses are mainly affected by the from time to time applicable level of interest rates but also by the Company's strategy as regards hedging of interest rates. Interest rate risk is defined as the risk that changes in interest rates affect the Company's interest expense. Interest expenses are mainly affected by, besides the extent of interest-bearing debt, the level of current market interest rates, credit institutions' margins and the Company's strategy regarding interest rate fixation periods. The Swedish market for interest rates is mainly affected by the expected inflation rate and the Swedish National Bank's (Sw. Riksbanken) repurchase rate (Sw. reporäntan). If the Company's interest expenses increase and the Company cannot increase its revenues accordingly, it could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Changes in the value of interest rate derivatives
Basically all of the Company's credit agreements provide for floating interest rates. As part of managing the interest rate risk, the Company uses interest rate derivatives in the form of swaps and caps. The interest derivatives are reported at actual value in the balance sheet and the changes in value are accounted for in the income statement. As market interest rates change, a theoretical over or under value of the interest derivatives occur but have no impact on the cash flow. At the maturity date, the value of the derivatives is always zero. If interest rates decrease, the market value of the Company's interest derivatives decreases, which could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Property values
The market value of the properties owned by the Company is affected by a number of propertyspecific factors, such as rent levels, vacancy levels, operating costs, social stability in the relevant area, infrastructure and environmental effects of the operations. Furthermore, the market value is influenced by factors which affect the real estate market in general, including macroeconomic effects. If the market value of the Group's property decreases, a breach of the covenants of the loans owed by the Group from time to time could occur, which in turn could result in such loans being accelerated prior to maturity and consequently affecting the Group's liquidity. Furthermore, if the market value of the Group's property decreases it would have a negative impact on the Group's ability to dispose of its property, or to dispose of its property on terms and conditions acceptable to the Group. If any of the above described risks were to materialise, it could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
7

Transactions
The Company's business involves property investments. All such investments are associated with risks and uncertainties. Property investments are for instance associated with uncertainty in relation to the price and the possibility to successfully dispose of all residential units, uncertainties regarding the management of tenants, unexpected costs with respect to environmental clean-up, rebuilding and the handling of technical problems, decisions from authorities and the emergence of disputes relating to the acquisition or the condition of the real property. Such uncertainties may result in delays or increased or unexpected costs for the real properties or transactions. If the Company cannot receive compensation for residential units to an advantageous price or if claims are directed against the Company, it could result in delays of projects or increased or unexpected costs for the residential units, the properties or the transactions. Furthermore, a property investment by way of purchasing the company owning the relevant property is associated with legal and tax related risks attributable to the history of the target company.
If any of the above described risks were to materialise, it could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Dependence on key persons
The Company's future development is to a large extent dependent on a number of key persons' knowledge, experience and commitment. Should key persons choose to leave the Company, there is a risk that the Company would not be able to replace them, which could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Competition
The Company operates in a market that is exposed to competition. The Company's competitiveness will be dependent on the Company being able to predict future changes in the market and quickly adapt to current and future market needs. Furthermore, some competitors in the rental market are part of the public housing sector, which under certain circumstances, may give such competitors an economic advantage. The Company might be required to make significant investments or rent adjustments in order to adapt to a new competitive situation, which could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Reputational damage
The Company's reputation is central to its business and earnings capacity. The Company's long-term profitability is based on consumers, and other participants on the real estate market, associating the Company with positive values and good quality, particularly given the sometimes politically and socially sensitive nature of the rental market. This applies particularly to the Company, given its focus on socially sustainable property management. If, for example, the Company's or any of its group companies' senior management or partners were to act in a manner that conflict with the values represented by the Company, or if the Company's real estate projects do not meet the expectations of the market and the residents, there is a risk that the Company's reputation could be damaged. Damage to the Company's reputation could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Environmental risks and requirements
According to Swedish legislation, the party that has conducted operations which have caused contaminations is responsible for the remediation of contaminated property. If the party that has conducted the operations cannot perform or pay for the remediation of a contaminated property, the party who has acquired the property is responsible for the remediation if the party knew of, or at the time should have discovered, the contaminations. This means that claims under certain circumstances can be directed against the Company for cleaning-up or after-treatment regarding the occurrence of, or suspicion of, contamination in the ground, water areas or groundwater, in order to put the property in such condition as required by the Environmental Code (SFS 1998:808) (Sw. Miljobalken (1998:808)). Furthermore, previous business operators may have carried out after-treatment of a property in an acceptable manner according to the
8

usage at that point of time. As a result of changed usage to residential purposes, the requirements for the Company may be higher, which means that the Company may have costs for after-treatment and cleaning-up in order to be able to use the property as desired.
The Company's properties are to a large extent constructed during the 1960's, 1970's and 1980's. Contaminants, in particular PCB, asbestos and radon gas, are commonly found in properties constructed during the 1950's, 1960's and 1970's. The Company has planned and budgeted for removing PCB to the extent that it has already been detected but this and other contaminants may occur on other properties owned (or subsequently purchased) by the Company. If claims for remediation regarding any of the Company's properties should be put forward to the Company, this could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Taxes and legislative changes
The Company's operations are affected by the tax rules in force from time to time. These rules include, inter alia, corporate tax, real estate tax, value added tax, rules regarding tax-free disposals of shares, other governmental or municipal taxes, interest deductions and subsidies. A change in tax laws can cause a situational change for the Company. Even legislative or legal practice changes within certain other areas, for example rental, acquisition and environmental laws can have negative consequences for the Company. If changes to legislation regarding rent, acquisitions and environmental protection were to occur, this may have a material negative impact on the Company's operations, earnings and financial position. There is a risk that the Company's interpretation of applicable tax laws and regulations is incorrect, or that such regulations change, possibly with retroactive effect. Further, future changes in applicable laws and regulations may affect the conditions of the businesses of the Company. Moreover, there are significant differences in the political parties view on the size and occurrence of taxes and subsidies. There is a risk that tax rates are changed in the future or that other changes of regulations occur which affect the ownership of real estate properties or real estate transactions. If any of the above described risks would materialise, it could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Disputes
The Company may become involved in disputes or claims with tenants, suppliers and other business partners. Such disputes could be time consuming and result in costs, the size of which cannot always be foreseen. Disputes could, therefore, have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.
Risks relating to the Bonds
Credit risks
An investment in the Bonds carries a credit risk relating to the Company and the Group. The investor's ability to receive payment under the Terms and Conditions is therefore dependent upon the Company's ability to meet its payment obligations, which in turn is largely dependent upon the performance of the Group's operations and its financial position. The Group's operations and financial position are in turn affected by several factors, a number of which have been discussed above.
An increased credit risk may cause the market to charge the Bonds a higher risk premium, which would have an adverse effect on the value of the Bonds. Another aspect of the credit risk is that any deterioration in the financial position of the Company may entail a lower credit worthiness and the possibility for the Company to receive financing may be impaired when the Bonds mature.
Refinancing risk
The Company may be required to refinance certain or all of its outstanding debt, including the Bonds. The Company's ability to successfully refinance its debt obligations is dependent upon the conditions of the capital markets and the Company's financial position at such time. Even if the markets and the Company's financial position are favourable, the Company's access to
9

financing sources may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. The Company's inability to refinance its debt obligations on acceptable terms, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial position and results of operations and on the bondholders' recovery under the Bonds.
Ability to comply with the Terms and Conditions
The Group is required to comply with the Terms and Conditions. Changes in the economic and business condition in which the Group operates, may affect the Group's ability to comply with, among other things, the undertakings set out in the Terms and Conditions. A breach of the Terms and Conditions could result in a default under the Terms and Conditions. A bondholder's opportunity to receive payment in accordance with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions is dependent of the Company's compliance with the obligations of the Terms and Conditions. If the Company does not comply with the Terms and Conditions, declares bankruptcy or becomes insolvent, this may have a negative effect on the bondholders' opportunities to receive payment in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
Interest rate risk
The value of the Bonds is dependent on several factors, including the level of the general market interest rates over time. The Bonds have a floating rate structure on 3 month STIBOR plus a margin and the interest rate of the Bonds will be determined two business days prior to the first day of each interest period. Hence, the interest rate is to a certain extent adjusted for changes in the level of the general interest rate. An increase of the general interest rate level could adversely affect the value of the Bonds. The general interest rate level is to a high degree affected by the Swedish and the international financial development and is outside the Group's control.
Liquidity risks
The Company has undertaken to list the Bonds on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm within 60 calendar days after the issue date of the Bonds. It is further the Company's intention to complete such listing within 30 calendar days after the issue date of the Bonds. However, there is a risk that the Bonds will not be admitted to trading. Further, even if securities, including the Bonds, are admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm, there is not always active trading in the securities, so there is a risk that the market for trading in the Bonds will be illiquid even if the Bonds are listed. This may result in the fact that the bondholders cannot sell their Bonds when desired or at a price level which allows for a profit comparable to similar investments with an active and functioning secondary market. Lack of liquidity in the market may have a negative impact on the market value of the Bonds. Furthermore, the nominal value of the Bonds may not be indicative compared to the market price of the Bonds if they are admitted for trading on Nasdaq Stockholm.
It should also be noted that during a given time period it may be difficult or impossible to sell the Bonds (at all or at reasonable terms) due to, for example, severe price fluctuations, close down of the relevant market or trade restrictions imposed on the market.
The market price of the Bonds may be volatile
The market price of the Bonds could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated variations in the Group's operating results and those of its competitors, adverse business developments, changes to the regulatory environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of a large number of Bonds, as well as other factors. In addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations, which, if repeated in the future, could adversely affect the market price of the Bonds without regard to the Group's operating results, financial position or prospects.
10

Currency risk
The Bonds will be denominated and payable in SEK. If investors in the Bonds measure their investment return by reference to a currency other than SEK, an investment in the Bonds will entail foreign exchange-related risks due to, among other factors, possible significant changes in the value of the SEK relative to the currency by reference to which investors measure the return on their investments could cause a decrease in the effective yield of the Bonds below their stated coupon rates and could result in a loss to investors when the return on the Bonds is translated into the currency by reference to which the investors measure the return on their investments. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Company to make payments in respect of the bonds. As aresult, there is a risk that investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or nointerest or principal.
Dependence on subsidiaries
A significant part of the Group's assets and revenues relate to the Company's subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Company is dependent upon receipt of sufficient income relatedto the operation of and the ownership in such entities to enable it to make payments under the Bonds. The Company's subsidiaries are legally separate and distinct from the Company and have no obligation to pay amounts due with respect to the Company's obligations and commitments, including the Bonds, or to make funds available for such payments. The ability of the Company's subsidiaries to make such payments to the Company is subject to, among other things, the availability of funds. Should the Company not receive sufficient income from its subsidiaries, the investor's ability to receive payment under the Terms and Conditions may be adversely affected.
Structural subordination and insolvency of subsidiaries
In the event of insolvency, liquidation or a similar event relating to one of the Company's subsidiaries, all creditors of such company would be entitled to payment in full out of the assets of such company before any entity within the Group, as a shareholder, would be entitled to any payments. Thus, the Bonds are structurally subordinated to the liabilities of such subsidiaries. There is a risk that the Group and its assets would not be protected from actions by the creditors of any subsidiary of the Group, whether under bankruptcy law, by contract or otherwise. In addition, defaults by, or the insolvency of, certain subsidiaries of the Company could result in the obligation of the Company to make payments under financial or performance guarantees in respect of such subsidiaries' obligations or the occurrence of cross defaults on certain borrowings of the Group, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial position and results of operations and on the bondholders' recovery under the Bonds.
Unsecured obligations
The Company may retain, provide or renew security over any of its current or future assets to secure loans or other credit arrangements, with the exception of Market Loans (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). Such security would not secure the Bonds. The Group has, as a part of its financing, incurred debt to credit institutions. Certain assets of the Group have in connection therewith been pledged as security. Pledges over properties/mortgage deeds, bank accounts, intra-group loans, shares and other assets as well as parent company guarantees are normally used as security for the bank facilities. The Group intends to continue seeking appropriate and profitable financing and may in connection thereto grant security for such financing. Such secured financing may have a negative impact on the investors' ability to receive payment under the Terms and Conditions for the Bonds.
The Bonds represent an unsecured obligation of the Company. This means that in the event of bankruptcy, re-organization or wind-up of the Company, the holders of the Bonds normally receive payment after any priority creditors, as allowed for in the Terms and Conditions or as mandatorily preferred by law, have been paid in full. Each investor should be aware that there is a risk that an investor in the Bonds loses all or part of their investment if the Company becomes bankrupt, carries out a re-organization or is wound-up.
11

Risks related to early redemption and put option
Under the Terms and Conditions, the Company has reserved the possibility to redeem all outstanding Bonds before the final redemption date. If the Bonds are redeemed before the final redemption date, the bondholders have the right to receive an early redemption amount which exceeds the nominal amount of the Bonds. However, there is a risk that the market value of the Bonds is higher than the early redemption amount and that it may not be possible for bondholders to reinvest such proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Bonds and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.
According to the Terms and Conditions, the Bonds are subject to prepayment at the option of each bondholder (put option) if (i) an event or series of events occur whereby one or more persons, acting together, acquire control over the Company and where "control" means acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the votes of the Company, or the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Company, (ii) the shares of the Company cease to be listed on Nasdaq Stockholm or (iii) the Bonds have not been listed on Nasdaq Stockholm within 60 days after the issue date. There is, however, a risk that the Company will not have sufficient funds at the time of such prepayment to make the required prepayment of the Bonds which could adversely affect the Company, e.g., by causing insolvency or an event of default under the Terms and Conditions, and thus adversely affect all bondholders and not only those that choose to exercise the option.
No action against the Company and bondholders' representation
In accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the agent will represent all bondholders in all matters relating to the Bonds and the bondholders are prevented from taking actions on their own against the Company. Consequently, individual bondholders do not have the right to take legal actions to declare any default by claiming any payment from or enforcing any security granted by the Company and may therefore lack effective remedies unless and until a requisite majority of the bondholders agree to take such action. However, there is a risk that a bondholder, in certain situations, could bring its own action against the Company (in breach of the Terms and Conditions), which could negatively impact an acceleration of the Bonds or other action against the Company. To enable the agent to represent bondholders in court, the bondholders may have to submit a written power of attorney for legal proceedings. The failure of all bondholders to submit such a power of attorney could negatively affect the legal proceedings.
Under the Terms and Conditions, the agent will in some cases have the right to make decisions and take measures that bind all bondholders. Consequently, the actions of the agent in such matters could impact a bondholder's rights under the Terms and Conditions in a manner that would be undesirable for some of the bondholders.
Bondholders' meetings
The Terms and Conditions will include certain provisions regarding bondholders' meetings. Such meetings may be held in order to resolve on matters relating to the bondholders' interests. The Terms and Conditions will allow for certain majorities to bind all bondholders, including bondholders who have not taken part in the meeting and those who have voted differently to the required majority at a duly convened and conducted bondholders' meeting. Consequently, the actions of the majority in such matters could impact a bondholder's rights in a manner that would be undesirable for some of the bondholders.
Restrictions on the transferability of the Bonds
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any U.S. state securities laws. A holder of the Bonds may not offer or sell the Bonds in the United States. The Company has not undertaken to register the Bonds under the U.S. Securities Act or any U.S. state securities laws or to affect any exchange offer for the Bonds in the future. Furthermore, the Company has not registered the Bonds under any other country's securities laws. Each potential investor should observe and obey the transfer restrictions that apply to the Bonds. It is the bondholder's obligation to ensure, at own cost and
12

expense, that its offers and sales of Bonds comply with all applicable securities laws. Due to these restrictions, there is a risk that a bondholder cannot sell its Bonds as desired. Risks relating to the clearing and settlement in Eumclear's book-entry system The Bonds will be affiliated to Euroclear's account-based system, and no physical notes will be issued. Clearing and settlement relating to the Bonds will be carried out within Euroclear's bookentry system as well as payment of interest and repayment of the principal. In order to receive payments under the Bonds, investors are dependent upon the functionality of Euroclear's account-based system. If the Company can not perform the payment or repayment due to errors attributable to Euroclear, such payment or repayment can be deferred until the error is repaired. There is a risk that bondholders receive payment later than expected. Amended or new legislation This Prospectus and the Terms and Conditions are based on Swedish law in force at their respective date of issuance. The impact of any possible future legislative measures or changes, or changes to administrative practices, may give rise to risks which are not possible to foresee. There is a risk that amended or new legislation and administrative practices may adversely affect the investor's ability to receive payment under the Terms and Conditions. Conflict of interests The issuing agent and joint bookrunners have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or commercial banking or other services for the Company and the Group in the ordinary course of business. The issuing agent and joint bookrunners may thus in the future have relations with the Group other than those arising from its role in the issue of the Bonds. The issuing agent and joint bookrunners may, for example, provide services related to financing other than through the issue of the Bonds, such as investment banking services for, or other commercial dealings with, the Group. Therefore, conflict of interest may exist or may arise as a result of the issuing agent and joint bookrunners having previously engaged, or will in the future engage, in transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties with conflicting interests. Investors may consider the existence of such conflicts of interest harmful to the Bonds, which may have a negative impact on the market value of the Bonds.
13

RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION IN THE PROSPECTUS The issuance of the Bonds was authorised by resolution taken by the board of directors of Victoria Park on 7 June 2016, and subsequently issued by the Company on 10 June 2016. The Prospectus has been prepared in relation to Victoria Park applying for admission to trading of the Bonds on Nasdaq Stockholm, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and the rules and regulations in Chapter 2 of the Trading Act, each as amended. The Company is responsible for the information given in the Prospectus. The Company confirms that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in the Prospectus is, to the best of the Company's knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect its import. The board of directors is responsible for the information given in the Prospectus only under the conditions and to the extent set forth in Swedish law. The board of directors confirm that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information in the Prospectus is, to the best of the board of directors' knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect its import.
Malmo on 6 July 2016 Victoria Park AB (publ)
The board of directors
14

SHORT SUMMARY OF THE BONDS
This section provides a general overview and broad description of the Bonds. It does not claim to be comprehensive or cover all details of the Bonds. Any decision to invest in the Bonds by any potential investor should be carefully considered and based on an assessment of the Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated by reference. The complete Terms and Conditions can be found below under the section "Complete Terms and Conditions".
Brief description of the Bonds
The Bonds are in the form of debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser) intended for public sale. A Bond confirms that the Holder has a claim in relation to Victoria Park. The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Company. The Company shall use the Net Proceeds for general corporate purposes of the Group, including investments and acquisitions.
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 1,000,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof. The total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 600,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100.00) per cent of the Nominal Amount. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0008431639. The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000.
Bonds were issued under Swedish law and are affiliated to the account-based system of Euroclear. No physical notes have been or will be issued. Holding of the Bonds is recorded at each Holder's securities account. Payment of interest, Nominal Amount and, if applicable, deduction of preliminary tax will be made through the CSD.
Victoria Park shall redeem all of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest, unless the Bonds are previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with clause 11 ("Redemption and repurchase of the Bonds") of the Terms and Conditions. The Final Redemption Date of the Bonds is 17 June 2020.
Under certain conditions specified under clause 13 ("Termination of the Bonds") in the Terms and Conditions, the Agent is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Holder (or Holders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount or following an instruction or decision pursuant to clause 13.6 or 13.7 of the Terms and Conditions on behalf of the Holders, terminate the Bonds and declare all, but not only some, of the Bonds due for payment.
Upon a Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or Listing Failure occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest (see further clause 11.4 "Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or Listing Failure put option)" of the Terms and Conditions).
Any payment or repayment under the Terms and Conditions, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Holder on the Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount. The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be timebarred and become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive
15

payment of interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment.
The Bonds will bear Interest from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date at a floating rate of STIBOR (3 months) plus 450 basis points, p.a. Any Subsequent Bond will, however, carry Interest from, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to and including the relevant Redemption Date at a floating rate of STIBOR (3 months) plus 450 basis points, p.a. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made quarterly in arrears to the Holders on each Interest Payment Date, meaning 17 June, 17 September, 17 December and 17 March each year for the preceding Interest Period. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).
Carnegie Investment Bank AB is the Issuing Agent and Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) is the Agent for the Bond loan. By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Terms and Conditions, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by the Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Each Holder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder, which does not comply with such request.
Each of the Company, the Agent and Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may request for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to the Terms and Conditions to be made at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure (see further clause 15 "Decisions by Holders", clause 16 "Holders' Meeting" and clause 17 "Written Procedure" of the Terms and Conditions). A matter decided at a duly convened and held Holders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Holders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Holders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure.
An agreement has been entered into between the Agent and Victoria Park regarding the remuneration payable to the Agent.
All payments by the Company relating to the Bonds and the Terms and Conditions following a termination of the Bonds (see clause 13 "Termination of the Bonds" of the Terms and Conditions) shall first be distributed in or towards payment of all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable to the Agent, secondly in or towards payment of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds, thirdly in or towards payment of any unpaid principal under the Bonds, and fourthly in or towards payment of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Terms and Conditions. Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with above shall be paid to the Company.
The Bonds are freely transferable but each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Company or the Bonds, (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
The Company intends to list the Bonds within thirty (30) calendar days after 17 June 2016. The Company has undertaken to ensure that the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain,
16

admitted to trading on another Regulated Market within twelve (12) months after 17 June 2016 (see clause 12.2 Listing of Bonds). The earliest date for admitting the Bonds to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm is on or about 8 July 2016. The Company shall also ensure that the Bonds, once admitted to trading on the relevant Regulated Market, continue being listed thereon. Following any Subsequent Bond Issue, the Company shall ensure that the volume of Bonds listed on the relevant Regulated Market promptly, and not later than ten (10) Business Days after the relevant issue date, is increased accordingly. The fact that an application regarding listing of the Bonds on Nasdaq Stockholm has been submitted does not mean that the application will be approved. It is estimated that the total costs in conjunction with the admission to trading will be no higher than SEK 200,000. Further, if the Bonds have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issue Date, each Holder has a right of repayment (put option) of its Bonds (in accordance with clause 11.4 of the Terms and Conditions). Carnegie Investment Bank AB (arranger, joint bookrunner and issuing agent) and Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial (arranger and joint bookrunner), Gernandt & Danielsson Advokatbyrå KB (legal advisor), and Fredersen Advokatbyrå AB (legal advisor) have advised Victoria Park in connection with the issuance of the Bonds. The Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.
17

THE COMPANY AND ITS OPERATIONS
General information
The Company's legal and commercial name is Victoria Park AB (publ). Victoria Park AB (publ) is a public limited liability company registered in Sweden with registration number 556695-0738. The board of directors has its registered address in Malmö, Sweden and the address of the Company is Stora Varvsgatan 13 A, P.O. Box 2, 201 20, Malmö, Sweden. The telephone number of the Company is +46 (0)40 16 74 40.
The Company was incorporated in Sweden on 6 December 2005 and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on 23 December 2005. Victoria Park is governed by Swedish law, including, but not limited to, the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act (Sw. årsredovisningslagen (1995:1554)).
Business and operations
Pursuant to Victoria Park's articles of association, the object of the Company's business shall be to acquire, exploit, develop and sell real estate, conduct leasing of apartments, engage in service and management of real estate and other business incidental thereto.
Victoria Park was established in 2006 with the purpose of developing lifestyle housing by Limhamn's limestone quarry in Malmö, Sweden. However, the Company's investment focus turned towards residential properties in growth cities in 2012. Victoria Park has invested in real estate, and is currently present, in Malmö, Stockholm, Gothenburg, Markaryd, Borås, Kristianstad, Eskilstuna and Linköping. One aim of the Group is to own real estate that amounts to a rental area of 1,000,000 square meters. The Group's current rental area amounts to 769,000 square meters, including the properties in Borås that were acquired in March 2016. Victoria Park's property portfolio mainly consists of residential properties, approximately 90 per cent of the lettable area. The degree of rentability is high and amounts to 97 per cent in average.
The investment focus on residential properties includes improvements and maintenance of properties as well as social sustainable maintenance. Victoria Park's business model and strategy contains acquisitions of properties with high potential. The Company's residential properties are situated in growth cities with substantial upside potential and the Company focuses on particular housing areas, so called "miljonprogramområden". Another big part of Victoria Park's business model is to make value increasing property improvements. This can be achieved by way of renovations of apartments and properties, smart maintenance, environmental initiatives and high flexibility for tenants. Social responsibility is also an important aspect of the Company's business operations and Victoria Park is, among other things, employing residents of long-term unemployment history. The Company also endeavours to develop the communities where it is present and to establish a physical presence.
The Company's lifestyle housing project in Malmö consists of two finalised parts, one part close to finalisation where all apartments have been sold and one part which is under construction where preliminary agreements obliging the customers to buy the apartment (Sw. förhandsavtal) have been entered into regarding 61 of 64 apartments. The Company has entered into a site lease agreement with the cooperative housing association (Sw. bostadsrättsförening) owning the main building in the area as well as service agreements with this association and the other cooperative housing associations owning the other finalised or almost finalised parts. The site lease agreement is valid for 25 years, calculated from 2009, and grants the Company access to
18

the premises in order to offer services to residents under certain cooperation and service agreements.
Share capital, shares and ownership structure

According to its articles of association, Victoria Park's share capital shall be no less than SEK 19,800,000 and not more than SEK 79,200,000 divided into no less than 180,000,000 shares and no more than 720,000,000 shares. The Company can issue three classes of shares; preferential shares, ordinary shares of series A and ordinary shares of series B. Victoria Park's current share capital amounts to SEK 24,929,174.49 divided among 1,032,047 preferential shares, 79,566,104 ordinary shares of series A and 146,030,708 ordinary shares of series B. The preferential shares and the ordinary shares of series B entitle the holder to one tenth (1/10) of a vote per share, while the ordinary shares of series A entitle the holder to one (1) vote per share. The shares are denominated in SEK.

Victoria Park's shares are listed on the regulated market of Nasdaq Stockholm since December 2013 (Mid Cap since January 2014). As of 31 May 2016, the Company had 7,163 shareholders.

The largest shareholders as of 31 May 2016 The following information includes both direct and indirect shareholding.

Name of shareholder
Greg Dingizian1) Länsförsäkringar Fastighetsfond Ö ste rsjö stifte lse n
Dan Olofsson (Danir AB) Isabelle W ikner (Fogelvik Holding AB) Anders Pettersson
Ralph Muhlrad

Ordinary shares, A 15,898,682
5,995,048 5,634,150 4,116,426 5,109,488 2,750,000

O rd in a ry shares, B
9,776,318

Preferential shares

19,367,868

11,432,653 11,268,300

27,950

10,231,352

91,187

7,286,099 4,620,000

Number of shares
25,675,000 19,367,868 17,760,110 16,902,450 14,438,965 12,395,587
7,370,000

Percentage of capital 11.33 8.55 7.68 7.46 6.37 5.47 3.25

Percentage of votes 17.9 2.05 7.53 7.17 5.46 6.19 3.41

Fjärde AP-fonden

1,062,781

6,206,322

7,269,103

3.21

1.79

ER-HO Fastigheter AB Peter Strand Erik Selin G å lö stiftelse n Lennart Sten Bo Forsén AB Possessor JP Morgan Bank Danica Pension Robur Försäkring Am ir Poursamad Skyddsprodukter I Sv Finans AB Other shareholders Total

2,311,085 3,082,400 2,000,000

4,188,915 3,774,800 4,000,000

1,321,000 1,378,450 1,081,330 1,050,000

2,642,000 2,435,200 2,162,660 2,137,980

1,904,488

1,236,099

908,033 1,272,363
937,039

1,858,925 1,293,167 1,574,589

832,800

1,665,600

20,920,541 79,566,104

36,871,861 146,030,708

4,000

6,500,000 6,861,200 6,000,000

4,000

3,963,000 3,813,650 3,247,990 3,187,980

3,140,587

60,808

2,766,958 2,626,388 2,511,628

2,498,400

844,102 1,032,047

58,331,995 226,628,859

2.87 3.03 2.65 1.75 1.68 1.43 1.41 1.39 1.22 1.16 1.11 1.10 25,88 100.0

2.90 3.67 2.55 1.68 1.73 1.38 2.34 2.15 1.16 1.49 1.16 1.06 27,38 100.0

1 150,000 ordinary shares of series A and 300,000 ordinary shares of series B are owned through pension insurance.

19

Legal structure
Victoria Park AB (publ) is the parent company in the Group, consisting of approximately 40 subsidiaries directly or indirectly wholly owned by the Company. A significant part of the Group's business is carried out through the subsidiaries of the Company and a substantial part of the revenues of the Group come from the Company's subsidiaries. Consequently, the Company is dependent upon its subsidiaries to make payments to it so as to enable the Company to make payments under the Bonds.
Material contracts
The Company has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of business, which could result in any Group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Company's ability to meet its obligation to the Holders in respect of the Bonds.
Litigation
During the previous twelve months, Victoria Park has not been, and is not aware of any governmental, legal or arbitration proceeding (including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened) which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Company's and/or the Group's financial position or profitability.
Certain material interests
The Joint Bookrunners have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or commercial banking or other services for the Company in the ordinary course of business. In particular, it should be noted that a Joint Bookrunner might be a lender under certain credit facilities with a member of the Group as borrower. Therefore, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise as a result of the Joint Bookrunners having previously engaged, or will in the future engage, in transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties with conflicting interests.
Significant changes since 31 March 2016
Except for the issuance of the Bonds and other than as described below, there have been no significant changes in the financial or trading position of the Group since 31 March 2016, being the end of the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published.
· The annual general meeting in Victoria Park held on 21 April 2016 resolved on a dividend of SEK 0,20 per ordinary share and SEK 20 per preferential share, corresponding to a total dividend of m Se k 66.
Trend information
There have been no material adverse changes in the prospect of Victoria Park since 30 March 2016, being the date of the publication of the last audited financial information of the Company.
Shareholders agreements
As far as the Company is aware, no shareholders agreements or other agreements, which could result in a change of control of the Company, exist.
Credit rating
Neither the Company nor the Bonds have a credit rating from a credit rating institute.
20

Board of directors, senior management and auditors
The business address for all members of the board of directors and the senior management is Victoria Park AB (publ), Stora Varvsgatan 13 A, P.O. Box 2, 201 20 Malmö, Sweden. The board of directors of Victoria Park currently consists of eight members. Information on the members of the board of directors and the senior management, including significant assignments outside the Company that are relevant for the Company, is outlined below.
Board of directors
Bo Forsén, bom 1948
Chairman of Victoria Park's board of directors since 2010. Current assignments outside the Company include chairman of the board of directors of Norén Fastigheter AB and Scandinavian Resort i Båstad AB and board member of Catena AB and Cale Access AB. Independent in relation to Victoria Park and its senior management. Independent in relation to major shareholders.
Greg Dingizian, born 1960
Working deputy chairman of Victoria Park's board of directors since 2013. Elected to the board of directors in 2006 and 2012. Current assignments outside the Company include chairman of the board of directors of CableQuick Aktiebolag and board member of FC Rosengård and Kollektiva Jämförelser I Sverige AB. Not independent in relation to Victoria Park and its senior management. Not independent in relation to major shareholders.
Henrik Bonde, born 1972
Member of Victoria Park's board of directors since 2014. Current assignments outside the Company include Investment director at Östersjöstiftelsen (the Foundation for Baltic and East European Studies), chairman of the board of directors of Iris Förvaltning AB and board member of Aberdeen Residential Sweden AB, Bansvik Holding AB, ByggVesta AB, ByggVesta Development AB, ByggVesta Fastighetsförvaltning AB, Econordia AB, Gålöstiftelsen and Iris Group AB. Independent in relation to Victoria Park and its senior management. Independent in relation to major shareholders.
Pia Kinhult, born 1959
Member of Victoria Park's board of directors since 2015. Current assignments outside the Company include Strategic advisor at European Spallation Source (EES), board member of Temaki Konsult AB and deputy chairman of 0resundsinstituttet. Independent in relation to Victoria Park and its senior management. Independent in relation to major shareholders.
Sofia Ljungdahl, born 1969
Member of Victoria Park's board of directors since 2016. Current assignments outside the Company include Commercial manager at Besqab AB (publ), board member of Bofotura Ekonomisk förening and specially authorized signatory in Fastighets AB Sänkhagen as well as in subsidiaries to Besqab AB. Independent in relation to Victoria Park and its senior management. Independent in relation to major shareholders.
Anders Pettersson, born 1959
Member of Victoria Park's board of directors since 2009. Current assignments outside the Company include chairman of the board of directors of Hilding Anders Holdings 3 AB, Brink BV and Alite International AB and board member of Hempel A/S, Pure Power Technologies Inc. and ZetaDisplay AB. Independent in relation to Victoria Park and its senior management. Independent in relation to major shareholders.
21

Lennart Sten, bom 1959
Member of Victoria Park's board of directors since 2014. Current assignments outside the Company include board member of Inter IKEA Holding SA, CLS Holdings plc, Bonnier Fastigheter AB, Fastighetsägarna Sverige, RW Bostad AB and LSTH Svenska Handelsfastigheter AB, with subsidiaries. Independent in relation to Victoria Park and its senior management. Independent in relation to major shareholders.
Isabelle Wikner, born 1974
Member of Victoria Park's board of directors since 2015. Current assignments outside the Company include CEO in Fogelvik Holding AB and Fogelvik Estate AB and board member of Tjustbygdens Sparbank Bankaktiebolag. Independent in relation to Victoria Park and its senior management. Independent in relation to major shareholders.
Senior management
The senior management of the Company currently consists of three persons; Peter Strand, Andreas Morfiadakis and Per Ekelund.
Peter Strand, born 1971
Peter Strand is CEO of the Company since 2013 (also employed by the Company 2009 and 2007).
Andreas Morfiadakis, born 1976
Andreas Morfiadakis is CFO and deputy CEO of the Company since 2010.
Per Ekelund, born 1971
Per Ekelund is COO of the Company since 2013.
Auditor
Öhrling PriceWaterhouseCoopers AB, having its address on Anna Lindhs Plats 4, 203 11 Malmö, Sweden, is Victoria Park's auditor since 2015. Mats Åkerlund, born 1971, is the auditor in charge. Mats Åkerlund is an authorised accountant and member of FAR, the professional institute for accountants in Sweden.
Up until the annual general meeting 2015, Ernst & Young Aktiebolag, having its address on Torggatan 4, 211 40 Malmö, Sweden, was Victoria Park's auditor. Göran Neckmar, born 1956, was the auditor in charge. Göran Neckmar is an authorised accountant and member of FAR, the professional institute for accountants in Sweden.
Conflict of interests
No member of the Company's board of directors or senior management has any private interest that might conflict with the Company's interests.
Incorporation by reference

The following information has been incorporated into this Prospectus by reference and should be read as part of the Prospectus. The non-incorporated parts are either not relevant or covered elsewhere in the Prospectus.

Annual Report for 2014

as regards the audited consolidated financial information and the audit report. Audited income statements and balance sheets p. 54 55, cash flow statement p. 57, notes p. 62-85, information on accounting principles p. 62-66 and auditor's report for the financial year 2014 p. 87.

22

Annual Report for 2015

as regards the audited consolidated financial information and the audit report. Audited income statements and balance sheets p. 50 51, cash flow statement p. 53, notes p. 58-81, information on accounting principles p. 58-62 and auditor's report for the financial year 2015 p. 83.

2016 Q1 Interim Report

as regards the unaudited consolidated financial information for the period from January to March 2016. Income statement p. 9, balance sheet p. 10 cash flow statement p. 13, information on accounting principles p. 22.

With the exception of the Annual Reports for 2015 and 2014, no information in this Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by Victoria Park's auditor.
Documents on display

Copies of the following documents are electronically available at www.victoriapark.se. Paper copies of the documents are also available at Victoria Park's office with address Stora Varvsgatan 13 A in Malmo, Sweden, during the validity of this Prospectus (regular office hours).
· Victoria Park's memorandum and articles of association; · Victoria Park's and its subsidiaries annual reports (including auditor's report) for the
financial year 2014 and 2015; · Victoria Park's interim report for the first quarter 2016; · the Terms and Conditions; and · the Agent Agreement.

23

COMPLETE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE BONDS
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR VICTORIA PARK AB (PUBL) MAXIMUM SEK 1,000,000,000
SENIOR UNSECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE BONDS 2016/2020 ISIN: SE0008431639
Issue Date: 17 June 2016 TmheaydibsterirbeusttiroicnteodftbtrhiyfioslradmwocthPuememressnoetnlvasenisdnattobhoewuphtr,oiasvenaptdeotpsoslaeoscbsesiemornevent,thsiosufcdthhoecrueBsmotrneindcttsicoionnmsc.eesrtaarinejruerqisudiricetdiotons aTmheenBdeodn,dasnhdaaverensoutbbjeeecnt taonUd.wS.iltlanxoltabwerreeqguisirteemreednutsn.dTehrethBeoUnd.Ss.mSaeycunroittiebseAocffteorefd1,9s3o3l.daosr delivered within the United States qfAmerica or to, orfor the account or benefit of. U.S. persons
24

TABLE OF CONTENTS 1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION___________________________________ .. 1 2. THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS____ . 9
3. STATUS OF THE BONDS____________________________________________ 10 4. USE OF PROCEEDS________________________________________________ 10
5. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT___________________________________ 10 6. THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY__________________________________ 11 7. BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM______________________________________ 12 8. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER_____________________________ 12
9. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS______________________________ 13 10. INTEREST_______________________________________________________ 13 11. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS______________________ 14 12. SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS__________________________________________ 15 13. TERMINATION OF THE BONDS....... ...................................... ............................... 19 14. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS....... ...................................... ................................ 23 15. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS___________________________________________ 24 16. HOLDERS' MEETING............. ...................................... .......................................... 26 17. WRITTEN PROCEDURE____________________________________________ 27 18. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS_______________________________________ 28 19. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT_____________________ 29 20. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT_____________ 32 21. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD_______________________ 32 22. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS__________________________________ 33 23. TIME-BAR________________________________________________________ 33 24. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES__ __________________________________ 34 25. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY________________________ 35 26. LISTING_________________________________________________________ 35 27. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION________________________________ 35
25

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR VICTORIA PARK AB (PUBL) MAXIMUM SEK 1,000,000,000
SENIOR UNSECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE BONDS 2016/2020 ISIN: SE0008431639

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Adjusted Profits Before Taxes" means the consolidated profit before taxes from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report of the Group, adjusted for:

(a) depreciations;

(b) impairments;

(c) expenses for property sales;

(d) Total Interest Expenses;

(e) changes in the value of Properties;

(f) exchange rate differences (if any) in operating income; and

(g) change in value of any derivative instruments,

made for the Relevant Period.

"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this

1

26

definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, w'hether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing. "Agent" means the Holders' agent under these Terms and Conditions from tune to tune; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90, Stockholm, Sweden. "Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered mto on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent. "Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nommal Amount and of the type set forth m Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Fmancial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions. "Book Equity means the consolidated equity according to the latest Financial Report of the Group. "Business Day" means a day m Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays. "Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. "Call Option Price" means:
(a) the Make Whole Price if the call option is exercised before the First Call Date; (b) 102.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after
the First Call Date up to (but excluding) the date falling forty two (42) months after the Issue Date; (c) 101.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling forty two (42) months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date. (d) 100.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling forty five (45) months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the Final Redemption Date provided that such early redemption is financed in full by way of the Issuer issuing Market Loan(s) in which the bondholders shall have the possibility to participate by way of roll-over (however subject to the Issuer's decision on allocation). "Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby: one or more Persons acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control"
27

means (i) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50.00) per cent, of the votes of the Issuer, or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer. "Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer (i) certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any. being taken to remedy it and. (ii) if provided m connection with a Financial Report being made available, or any Subsequent Bond Issue, including a Valuation Report and calculations and figures in respect of the Maintenance Test and evidencing that the Maintenance Test is met as per the relevant Reference Date or a Relevant Period (as applicable). "CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O.Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden). "De-listing Event" means the situation where (i) the ordinary shares (Sw. stamaktier) in the Issuer are not listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or (ii) trading in the ordinary shares in the Issuer on the relevant Regulated Market is suspended for a period of (fifteen) 15 consecutive Business Days. "Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 13.1. "Existing Bonds" means the outstanding senior unsecured callable floating rate bonds 2014/2018 issued by the Issuer of SEK 400,000,000 with ISIN SE0006452918. "Final Redemption Date" means 17 June 2020. "Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness m respect of;
(a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans; (b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the
arrangement is or would have been treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accountmg Principles as applicable on the Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability), and for the avoidance of doubt, any leases treated as operating leases under the Accountmg Principles as applicable on the Issue Date shall not, regardless of any subsequent changes or amendments of the Accounting Principles, be considered as finance or capital leases; (c) receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition under the Accounting Principles are met); (d) any amount raised under any other transaction having the commercial effect of a borrowing (including forward sale or purchase arrangements);
28

(e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);
(f) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(f).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontofönng avfinansiella instrument). "Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group or the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, which shall be prepared and made available according to Clause 12.11.1 (a)-(b). "First Call Date" means the date falling thirty six (36) months after the Issue Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. "Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 25.1. "Group" means the Issuer and all the Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company"). "Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to a Bond. "Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 16 (Holders 'Meeting). "Initial Bond" means any Bond issued on the Issue Date. "Initial Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1. "Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 10.1--10.3. "Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of Adjusted Profits Before Taxes to Total Interest Expenses. "Interest Payment Date" means 17 June, 17 September, 17 December and 17 March each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 17 September 2016 and the last Interest Payment Date being the final Redemption Date). "Interest Period" means each period beginning on (but excluding) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment
4
29

Date (or a shorter period if relevant) and, in respect of Subsequent Bonds, each period beginning on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). "Interest Rate 'means a floating rate of STIBOR (3 months) + four hundred and fifty (450) basis points per annum. "Issue Date''means 17 June 2016. "Issuer" means Victoria Park AB (publ), reg. no. 556695-0738, Stora Varvsgatan 13 A, Box 2, SE-201 20 Malmd. Sweden. "Issuing Agent" means Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ), reg. no. 516406-0138, SE103 38, Stockholm. Sweden, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. "Listing Failure" means the situation where the Bonds have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issue Date. "Maintenance Test" is met if, at any tune on a Reference Date or a Relevant Period (as applicable):
(a) the Book Equity does not fall below 25.00 per cent, of Total Assets; (b) the Interest Coverage Ratio exceeds 1.50:1: and (c) the Net Debt does not exceed 70.00 per cent, of Property Value. "Make Whole Price" means an amount equal to the sum of: (a) the present value on the relevant Record Date of 102.00 per cent, of the Nominal
Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and (b) the present value on the relevant Record Date of the remaining interest payments (excludmg accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and mcludmg the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the penod from the relevant Record Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Holders); both present values under items (a) and (b) above calculated by usmg a discount rate of fifty (50) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date). "Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial papers, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided m each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place.
30

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under these Terms and Conditions or (iii) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions. "Nasdaq Stockholm means the Regulated Market of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB, reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden. "Net Debt" means (i) the aggregate amount of all interest bearing obligations which according to the Accounting Principles shall be treated as debt less (ii) Subordinated Debt, cash in hand, immediately available funds and any other liquid marketable instruments or securities and other investments equivalent to cash, m each case of the Group according to the latest Fmancial Report. "Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Imtial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue wrhich, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent and bookrunner(s) for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Issuer and used m accordance writh Clause 4 (Use ofproceeds). "Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth m Clause 2.1. "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, jomt venture, association, jomt-stock company, trust, unincorporated orgamsation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, w'hether or not having a separate legal personality. "Property" means real property (Swr.fast egendom) owTned by any Group Company from tune to tune. "Property Value" means (i) the market value of all Properties, as set out in the most recent Valuation Report, plus (ii) the total consideration paid or to be paid for Properties acquired since the date of such Valuation Report mmus (iii) the value attributable to Properties disposed of since the date of such Valuation Report. "Quotation Day" means, m relation to (i) an Interest Period for which an interest rate is to be determined, twro (2) Business Days before the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or in respect of the first Interest Period, two (2) Business Days before the Issue Date), or (ii) any other period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period. "Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on wrhich a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 14 (Distribution ofproceeds) or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swredish bond market. "Redemption Date" means the date on w'hich the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed in accordance with Clause 11 (Redemption and repurchase ofthe Bonds).
6
31

`Reference Date" means each of 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each year for as long as any Bonds are outstanding. "Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments). "Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months. "Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth m Clause 12.1 (Distributions). "Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holdmg of securities is registered m the name of a nominee. "oSf eacnuyrpiteyr"somneoarnasnaynyagprleeedmgee,ntchoarragrer,anhgenemoernotthhearvisnegcuaristiyminiltaerreesfftescetc. uring any obligation "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden. "STIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Nasdaq Stockholm's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.in. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits m SEK and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leadmg banks m the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of SEK one hundred million (100,000,000) for the relevant period; or
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to item (b) above, the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero. "Subordinated Debt" means
(a) any indebtedness of a Group Company treated as equity in accordance with the Accountmg Principles, and/or
(b) any indebtedness of the Issuer subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions and for which a creditor may not as long as any Bond remain outstanding: (i) demand or receive payment, prepayment or repayment of, or accept discharge by way of set-off, of any principal: 7
32

(ii) demand or receive, or accept discharge by way of set-off, any interest after the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to these Terms and Conditions;
(iii) receive or permit to subsist, any security or other encumbrance, or receive or allow to subsist any financial support; or
(iv) commence any proceedings against the Issuer or any Group Company in respect of the Subordinated Debt, including applying for enforcement of any amount outstanding or for liquidation or bankruptcy.
"Subsequent Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.2. "Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued after the Issue Date on one or more occasions. "Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50.00) per cent, of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than fifty (50.00) per cent, of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (iv) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles. "Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five Business Days) prior to the relevant Record Date for the Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the Redemption Date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth (1/12) of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used. "Total Assets" means the consolidated aggregate book value of the Group's total assets according to the latest Financial Report. "Total Interest Expenses" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of interest costs, upfront fees and prepayment fees in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid,
8
33

payable or capitalised by any Group Company according to the latest Financial Report (calculated on a consolidated basis).

"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with (i) the Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue and (ii) the listing of the Bonds (including additional Bonds) on on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market).

"Valuer" means any of DTZ, Forum Fastighetsekonomi AB, Newsec AB, Savills, Bryggan Fastighetsekonomi or any other independent and reputable appraiser approved by the Agent.

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Holders in accordance with Clause 17 (Written Procedure).

1.2

Construction

1.2.1 Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency or department;

(d) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and

(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.

1. 2.2 An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived. 1.2.3 When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or
broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.

1.2.4 A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.

1.2.5 No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.

2.

THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS

2.1 The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 1,000,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Nominal Amount"). The total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 600,000,000 ("Initial Bond Issue"). All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at

9

34

an issue price of one hundred (100.00) per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0008431639. The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000. The Issuer may at one or more occasions after the Issue Date issue Subsequent Bonds under these Terms and Conditions (each such issue, a "Subsequent Bond Issue"), until the total amount under such Subsequent Bond Issue(s) and the Initial Bond Issue equals SEK 1,000,000,000, always provided that the Issuer provides the Agent with (i) a Compliance Certificate duly signed by the Issuer confirming that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the Subsequent Bond Issue, and (ii) such other documents and information as is agreed between the Agent and the Issuer. Any Subsequent Bonds shall be issued subject to the same Terms and Conditions as the Initial Bonds. The price of Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a higher price than the Nominal Amount. 2.3 The Issuer undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay Interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.
2.4 The Bonds are denominated m SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions.
2.5 By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to these Terms and Conditions and by acquiring Bonds each subsequent Holder confirms these Terms and Conditions.

3.

STATUS OF THE BONDS

The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with all direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and imsecured obligations of the Issuer and without any preference among them.

4.

USE OF PROCEEDS

The Net Proceeds shall be used towards general corporate purposes of the Group, including investments and acquisitions.

5.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

5.1

iTnhfeoIrsmsuaenrdshsualblsptaronvceidseattoisftahcetoArgyetnottphreioArgtoentth:e issuance of the Initial Bonds the following,

(a) a copy of the articles of association in respect of the Issuer;

(b) an up-to-date certificate of registration in respect of the Issuer;

(c)

rmiatssheisgcsaeuoonrrkeelpvaweyolitlnifotorghtfefh,latNeeorervaIeesnasosnnidotlttaivelauqdrilntoiiSBgncottuonooomncnfdskreussohnecmotaehslnk;mtddmhoetagchnbueadomtlaaeiersurndtmtithnsosogfaronidosfdifirtnhetahgecnetyaToIreponsretimhtoriseafsorltnhadBneooodcIrnsuCpdsmesuorneeosrndontiansttpishompetnroosrce,vfogiainnnunnagldelaicttsheteiedoannd

10

35

(d) aaenuvytihdooentrhicseeerdtdhtoaoctudthmoeespone;tsrsmonc(so)nwnehcotihoanst/hhearveewsiitghnoend btheehaTlefromfsthaendIssCuoenrdiist/iaornesdaunldy

(e) a copy of the Terms and Conditions duly executed;

(f) a copy of the Agent Agreement duly executed;

(g) Issuscuhero.ther documents and information as is agreed between the Agent and the

5.2

TfohleloIwssinuger, isnhaflolrpmroavniddesutobstthaencAegseanttispfraicotrortoy tthoethisesAuagnecnet:of any Subsequent Bonds the

(a) aiisnsccuooepnyonfoetcfhtaeiorSneustobhlseuerteqiwouneitnhftr:oBmontdhse abnodarrdesooflvdiinregcttooresnotefrthmetoIssduoecruampepnrtosvninegcetshseary

(b) DaanCedfoamulptliisancocentCineuritnifgicoartewdouullydsriegsnueldt fbryomthethIessisuseurecoonffthiremSinugbstehqaut ennotEBvoenndtso; f

(c) Issuscuhero.ther documents and information as is agreed between the Agent and the

5.3

tTihsheaecAAcgugereannttetd,moceoasyrrneaocsttsuhamnavdeectthooamtvptehlreeitfeyduothncuelemcssoennittteahntaitossnaocdfteualnaivlyeksrnueodcwhtoldeoditcgpueumtrhseuantatantthtiiotsoni.sCnlaoutstehe5.c1asoer, 5a.n2d

5.4

TcahseeAmgaeynbt es,hhalalvceobnefiernmstaotisthfieedIs.suing Agent when the conditions m Clause 5.1 or 5.2 as the

6.

THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY

6.1 Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there bemg any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

6.2 The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable m relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.

6.3 Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.

6.4 No action is being taken m any jurisdiction that would or is mtended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds m any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.

11

36

6.5 For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its full rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.

7.

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

7.1 The Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.

7.2 Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

7.3 The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtam such information and provide it to the Agent.

7.4 For the purpose of or in connection with any Holders' Meetmg or any Written Procedure, the Issumg Agent shall be entitled to obtam information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information from such debt register as contemplated under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing Agent shall at the request of the Agent obtain information from the debt register and provide it to the Agent.

7.5 The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtam information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Holders.

7.6 At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing Agent to obtam information from the debt register kept by the CSD m respect of the Bonds and provide it to the Agent.

7.7 The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) may use the information referred to in Clause 7.3 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights m accordance with these Terms and Conditions and shall not disclose such information to any Holder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.

8.

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER

8.1 If any Person other than a Holder wishes to exercise any rights under these Terms and Conditions, it must obtain a power of attorney (or, if applicable, a coherent chain of powers of attorney), a certificate from the authorised nominee or other sufficient proof of authorisation for such Person.

12

37

8.2 A Holder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under these Terms and Conditions in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Holder.
8.3 The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a powrer of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 8.1 and 8.2 and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

9.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

9.1 Any payment or repayment under these Terms and Conditions, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Holder on the Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered with the CSD on such date as bemg entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.

9.2 If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal. Interest and any other payment that shall be made under these Terms and Conditions shall be deposited in a certain bank account; such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalfof the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as Holders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

9.3 If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 10.4 during such postponement.

9.4 If payment or repayment is made in accordance wTith this Clause 9, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment wras made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Issuer or the CSD (as applicable) was awrare of that the payment was being made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount.

9.5 The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing m connection with the Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to lawr. The Issuer shall not be liable to reimburse any stamp duty or public fee or to gross-up any payments under these Terms and Conditions by virtue of any withholding tax.

10.

INTEREST

10.1 The Bonds will bear Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nommal Amount from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date. Any

13

38

Subsequent Bond will, however, carry Interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to and including the relevant Redemption Date. 10.2 Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made quarterly in arrears to the Holders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period. 10.3 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis). 10.4 If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it imder these Terms and Conditions on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from, but excluding, the due date up to and including the date of actual payment at a rate which is 200 basis points higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

11.

REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS

11 1

Redemption at maturity

The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date (or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day and if permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations, on the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention, and otherwise on the first following Business Day) with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.

11.2

The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds

Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. The Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled, except in connection with a full redemption of the Bonds.

113

Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)

11.3.1 anPtorotthvoeindaleypdpsltoihcmaatebt,lheoefCEtahxlelisOBtionpngtidoBsnoiPnnrdfiscuelhlatoovngeeabtnheyeenrBwrueisdtihneeeasmcsceDrduaeiyndbfbueulftlo,urtenhpethaIeisdsFuIinentraemlreRasety.dreemdepetmionalDl,abteut

11.3.2 Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.

14

39

114

Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or

Listing Failure (put option)

11.4.1 Upon a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 12.11.1 (e). The thirty (30) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or Listing Failure.

11.4.2 The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.11.1 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted m accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.11.1 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.4.1.

11.4.3 The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue of the conflict.

11.4.4 Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be disposed of in accordance with Clause 11.2 (The Group Companies'purchase o f Bonds).

11.4.5 The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Bonds pursuant to this Clause 11.4, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or Listing Failure, as applicable, offers to purchase the Bonds in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 11.4 (or on terms more favourable to the Holders) and purchases all Bonds validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Bonds tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.

12.

SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS

So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 12.

12.1

Distributions

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries, (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted

15

40

equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay principal or pay interest under any Subordmated Debt or (v) make any other similar distributions or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) (items (i)-(v) above are together and individually referred to as a `Restricted Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made, if such Restricted Payment is permitted by law and no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Restricted Payment, by:

(a) any Group Company if such Restricted Payment is made to a Group Company and. if made by a Subsidiary which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis; or

(b) the Issuer, (i) in respect of dividend on preference shares (Sw. preferensaktier) issued by it, or (ii) provided that the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments of the Group in a financial year (including the Restricted Payment in question but excludmg dividends on preference shares any Restricted Payment made m accordance with item (A) above) does not exceed fifty (50) per cent, of the Group's consolidated profit before tax (Sw. resultat före skatt) (calculated net of any revaluation of assets) according to the annual audited financial statements for the previous financial year (and without accumulation of profits from previous financial years).

12.2

Listing of Bonds

The Issuer shall ensure (i) that the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to tradmg on another Regulated Market within twelve (12) months after the Issue Date, (ii) that the Bonds, once admitted to tradmg on the relevant Regulated Market, continue bemg listed thereon (however, takmg mto account the rules and regulations of the relevant Regulated Market and the CSD (as amended from time to tune) preventing tradmg in the Bonds m close connection to the redemption of the Bonds) and (iii) that, upon any Subsequent Bond Issue, the volume of Bonds listed on the relevant Regulated Market promptly, and not later than ten (10) Business Days after the relevant issue date, is increased accordingly.

12.3

Nature of business

The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the busmess as carried out by the Group on the Issue Date.

12.4

Market Loans

The Issuer shall procure that no Group Company other than the Issuer issues any Market Loan. The Issuer shall not:

(a) issue any Market Loans with scheduled or intended redemption, in full or in part, before the Fmal Redemption Date; or

(b) create or permit to subsist any Security (mcludmg guarantees) in respect of Market Loans.

16

41

For the avoidance of doubt, the limitations set forth in this section (d) shall not apply to Market Loans issued by an acquired entity prior to such entity becoming a Group Company. The limitations set forth in (i) and (ii) above shall not apply to any Subsequent Bond Issue.

12.5

Disposals of assets

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries, sell or otherwise dispose of shares or partnership shares in any Group Company or of all or substantially all of its or any Group Company's assets or operations to any Person not bemg the Issuer or any of the wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction (taken as a whole also taking into account any transaction ancillary or related thereto) is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any such transaction in accordance with Clause 12.12.1.

12.6

Dealings with related parties

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding when such shareholder is another Group Company) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders at arm's length terms.

12.7

Compliance with laws etcetera

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the other Group Companies, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time, including but not limited to the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market on which the Issuer's securities from time to time are listed, and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by a Group Company.

12.8

Management of Properties

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company, keep the Properties in a good state of repair and maintenance, as will enable each Group Company owning a Property to comply in all material respects with the obligations under the relevant rental agreements and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.

12.9

Insurance

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company, keep the Properties insured to the extent customary for similar properties on the relevant geographical market with one or more reputable insurers. The insurance cover shall, inter alia, include full value insurance and third party liability insurances.

12.10 Maintenance Test

The Issuer shall ensure that the Maintenance Test is met as long as any Bond is outstanding.

17

42

12.11 Financial reporting etcetera 12.11.1 The Issuer shall:
(a) prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, to the Agent and on its website not later than four (4) months after the expiry of each financial year;
(b) prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, to the Agent and on its website not later than two (2) months after the expiry of each relevant interim period;
(c) issue a Compliance Certificate to the Agent (i) when a Financial Report is made available, (ii) in connection with any Subsequent Bond Issue, and (iii) at the Agent's request, within twenty (20) calendar days from such request;
(d) keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including documents amending these Terms and Conditions) available on its website;
(e) promptly notify the Agent (and, as regards a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event or a Listmg Failure, the Holders) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event, a Listing Failure or an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice; and
(f) prepare the Financial Reports in accordance with the Accounting Principles and make them available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden) (as amended from time to time).
12.12 Valuation of Properties The Issuer shall (at its own expense) procure that a valuation report in the form either as set out in item (a) or (b) below (each a "Valuation Report ") setting out the market value of each Property is issued and delivered to the Agent. Together with each Compliance Certificate, a Valuation Report in the form set out in item (a) below shall be delivered to the Agent as per each Reference Date. In addition, the Issuer shall procure that a Valuation Report in the form set out in item (b) below, which may not be older than one (1) year, is issued in respect of each Property, and delivered to the Agent annually without delay after such report having become available: 18
43

(a) in the form of a desktop valuation prepared and issued by the Issuer and duly signed by the CFO or the CEO of the Issuer;
(b) in the form of a valuation prepared and issued by a Valuer in accordance with valuation methods generally applied by Swedish property valuers.
A Valuation Report in the form set out in item (a) above may not be dated, or refer to the value per, a date falling more than thirty (30) calendar days before the relevant Reference Date.

12.12.1
12.13 12.13 1
12.13.2 12.14

The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any transaction referred to in Clause 12.5 (Disposals of assets) and shall, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with (i) any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably), and (ii) a determination from the Issuer which states whether the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction or not and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect or not. The Agent may assume that any information provided by the Issuer is correct, and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Agent is not responsible for assessing if the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect, but is not bound by the Issuer's determination under item (ii) above.
Agent Agreement
The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agent Agreement; (a) pay fees to the Agent; (b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities; (c) furnish to the Agent all information reasonably requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and (d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agent Agreement.
The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agent Agreement without the prior consent of the Holders if the amendment would be detrimental to the mterests of the Holders.
CSD related undertakings
The Issuer shall keep the Bonds affiliated with a CSD and comply with all CSD regulations applicable to the Issuer from tune to time.

13.

TERMINATION OF THE BONDS

13.1 The Agent is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Holder (or Holders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such demand may

19

44

only be validly made by a person who is a Holder on the second Business Day following the day on which the demand is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them jointly) or following an instruction or decision pursuant to Clause 13.6 or 13.7, on behalf of the Holders, terminate the Bonds and to declare all, but not only some, of the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines (such later date not falling later than twenty (20) Business Days from the date on which the Agent made such declaration), if: (a) Non-payment: The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due m accordance
with these Terms and Conditions unless its failure to pay is due to technical or administrative error and is remedied within five (5) Business Days of the due date; (b) Other obligations: The Issuer does not comply with: (i) The Maintenance Test, or (ii) these Terms and Conditions in any other way than as set out under item (a) or
(b)(i) above, unless the non-compliance is (A) capable of being remedied and (B) is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance (if the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request); (c) Cross- acceleration: (i) Any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or (ii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); provided however that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (c) if the amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness referred to under item (i) and/or (ii) above, individually or in the aggregate is less than an amount corresponding to SEK 10,000,000;
(d) Insolvency
(i) Any Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors (other than under these Terms and Conditions) with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
20
45

(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company;
(e) Insolvency proceedings: Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within thirty (30) calendar days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii), in relation to the Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to: (i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Group Company; (ii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Group Company or any of its assets; or (iii) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any Group Company;
(f) Mergers and demergers
(i) A decision is made that any Group Company shall be merged or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless the Agent has given its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in writing prior to the decision of the merger and/or demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors); or
(ii) the Issuer merges with any other Person, or is subject to a demerger, with the effect that the Issuer is not the surviving entity;
(g) Creditors' process: Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Group Company having an aggregate value equal to or exceeding SEK 10,000,000 and is not discharged within thirty (30) calendar days;
(h) Impossibility or illegality: It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions or if the obligations under these Terms and Conditions are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or
(i) Continuation Of the business: The Issuer or any other Group Company ceases to carry on its business, except if due to (i) a permitted merger or demerger as stipulated in Clause 13.1 (f) (Mergers and demergers) or (ii) a permitted disposal as stipulated in Clause 12.5 (Disposals of assets), provided it has a Material Adverse Effect.
13.2 The Agent may not terminate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 13.1 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, in accordance 21
46

with these Terms and Conditions, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently). However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned under Clause 13.1 (d). 13.3 If the right to terminate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired m order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist. 13.4 The Issuer is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Clause 13.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified m Clause 13.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with details of any circumstances referred to m Clause 13.1 and provide the Agent with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 13. 13.5 The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Clause 13.4 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 13.4. 13.6 If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 13.1, the Agent shall (i) notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, the Holders of the default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 15 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination accordmg to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall m such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default. 13.7 If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance w'ith Clause 15 (Decisions by Holders), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the
22
47

instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Agent m its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity. 13.8 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 13, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds. 13.9 For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 13 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Holders" pursuant to Clause 15 (Decisions by Holders). 13.10 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clause 13, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to the applicable Call Option Price.

14.

DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS

14.1 If the Bonds have been declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 13 (Termination of the Bonds), all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed m the following order ofpriority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:

(a) first, m or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the termination of the Bonds or the protection of the Holders' rights, (iii) any non-reimbursed costs incurred by the Agent for external experts, and (iv) any non-reimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(c) thirdly, in or towards paymentpro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstandmg amounts unpaid under these Terms and Conditions.

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of proceeds m accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

14.2 If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 14.1, such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 14.1.

14.3 Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the termination of the Bonds constitute escrow funds according to the Escrow Funds Act and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. 23

48

The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 14 as soon as reasonably practicable. 14.4 If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 14, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 9.1 shall apply.

15.

DECISIONS BY HOLDERS

15.1 A request by the Agent for a decision by the Holders on a matter relatmg to these Terms and Conditions shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.

15.2 Any request from the Issuer or a Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Holders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting.

15.3 The Agent may refrain from convening a Holders' Meeting or mstigatmg a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the Holders and such Person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

15.4 Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation pursuant to Clause 8 (Right to act on behalfof a Holder) from a Person who is, registered as a Holder:

(a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Holders' Meeting, in respect of a Holders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 17.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Holder at such Holders Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.

24

49

15.5 The following matters shall require consent of Holders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 17.3: (a) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 12 (Special undertakings), (b) reduce the principal amount. Interest Rate or Interest which shall be paid by the Issuer; (c) amend any payment day for principal or Interest or waive any breach of a payment undertaking; or (d) amend the provisions in this Clause 15.5.
15.6 Any matter not covered by Clause 15.5 shall require the consent of Holders representmg more than fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for winch Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 17.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to or waiver of these Terms and Conditions that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment or waiver permitted pursuant to Clause 18.1 (a), (b) or (c)) or a termination of the Bonds.
15.7 If the number of votes or replies are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Issuer, according to the chairman at a Holders' Meeting or the Agent in a Written Procedure, will prevail. The chairman at a Holders' Meeting shall be appointed by the Holders in accordance with Clause 15.6.
15.8 Q(ouroHruomldeartsa) rHeporledseerns'tiMngeeattilnegasotrtiwnernetsype(2c0t )opfearWcernittt,eonfPthroecAeddujurestoednlNy oemxiisntsalifAamHooulndte:r (a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or (b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
15.9 If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 16.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (m accordance with Clause 17.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 15.8 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meetmg or Written Procedure.
15.10 Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
15.11 A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may m its discretion use or cast some of its votes only. 25
50

15.12 The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Holder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Holders that consent at the relevant Holders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the tune period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.

15.13 A matter decided at a duly convened and held Holders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Holders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Holders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Holders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Holders.

15.14 All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Holders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.

15.15 If a decision shall be taken by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company.

15.16 Information about decisions taken at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Holders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Holder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.

16.

HOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 The Agent shall convene a Holders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Holder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holders) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). If the Holders' Meeting has been requested by the Holder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer.

16.2 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Holders pursuant to Clause 19.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16.1.

16.3 The notice pursuant to Clause 16.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Holders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may 26

51

be resolved upon at the Holders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Holders be required in order to attend the Holders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice. 164 The Holders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice. 16 5 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders'Meeting within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Holders'Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person. 16 6 At a Holders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meetmg may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' Meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder. 16.7 Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Holders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Holders to vote without attending the meeting in person.

17.

WRITTEN PROCEDURE

17.1 The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person who is registered as a Holder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent. If the Written Procedure has been requested by the Holder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the communication to the Issuer.

17.2 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 17.1 to each Holder with a copy to the Agent.

17.3 A communication pursuant to Clause 17.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Holders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a Person must be registered as a Holder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the communication pursuant to Clause 17.1), (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to mclude an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Holder must reply to the request (such tune period to last at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than twenty (20) Business Days from the communication pursuant to 27

52

Clause 17.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication. 17.4 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not mstigated a Written Procedure within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD. 17.5 When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clause 15.5 and 15.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 15.5 or 15.6, as the case may be, even if the tune period for replies m the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

18.

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

18.1 The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Holders) may agree to amend these Terms and Conditions or waive any provision m these Terms and Conditions, provided that:

(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Holders, or is made solely for the purpose ofrectifying obvious errors and mistakes;

(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority;

(c) such amendment or waiver is necessary for the purpose of listing the Bonds on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) provided such amendment or waiver does not materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders; or

(d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Holders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Holders).

18.2 The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment or waiver to these Terms and Conditions. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver.

18.3 The Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 18.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant orgamsation or authority.

18.4 An amendment or waiver to these Terms and Conditions shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders' Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.

28

53

19.

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT

19.1

Appointment of Agent

19.1.1 By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and these Terms and Conditions, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) m any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw.foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent m any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.

19.1.2 Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), as the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.

19.1.3 The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.

19.1.4 The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, and the Agent's obligations as agent under these Terms and Conditions are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.

19.1.5 The Agent may act as agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of mterest.

19.2

Duties of the Agent

19.2.1 The Agent shall represent the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent.

19.2.2 Upon request by a Holder, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Holders any information from such Holder which relates to the Bonds (at the discretion of the Agent). The Agent may require that the requesting Holder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.

19.2.3 When acting in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under these 29

54

Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill. 19.2.4 The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under these Terms and Conditions. 19.2.5 The Agent shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, act with regard only to the mterests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement. 19.2.6 The Agent shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing. 19.2.7 The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the mterests of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions or (iii) when the Agent is to make a determination under these Terms and Conditions. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 14 (Distribution o fproceeds). 19.2.8 The Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. 19.2.9 Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opmion constitute a breach of any law or regulation. 19.2.10 If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require. 19.2.11 The Agent shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under these Terms and Conditions by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under these Terms and Conditions or the Agent Agreement, or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 19.2.10.
30
55

19.3

Limited liability for the Agent

19.3.1 The Agent will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.

19.3.2 The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Holders to delay the action m order to first obtain instructions from the Holders.

19.3.3 The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to these Terms and Conditions to be paid by the Agent to the Holders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.

19.3.4 The Agent shall have no liability to the Holders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Holders given in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Holders).

19.3.5 Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, these Terms and Conditions shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions.

19.4

Replacement of the Agent

19.4.1 Subject to Clause 19.4.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Holders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.

19.4.2 Subject to Clause 19.4.6, if the Agent is insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.

19.4.3 A Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a Holders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Holders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Holders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.

31

56

19.4.4 If the Holders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Holders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
19.4.5 The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under these Terms and Conditions.
19.4.6 The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
19.4.7 Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of these Terms and Conditions but shall remain entitled to the benefit of these Terms and Conditions and remain liable under these Terms and Conditions in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under these Terms and Conditions as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
19.4.8 In the event that there is a change of the Agent m accordance with this Clause 19.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.

20.

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT

20.1 The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.

20.2 The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

21.

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD

21.1 The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and m accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to the CSD.

32

57

21.2 The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same tune as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Holder or the listing of the Bonds listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market). The replacmg CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden).

22.

NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS

22.1

A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or a Subsidiary to enforce or recover any amount due or owTing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, or to initiate,

support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation

(Sw.foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent m any other

jurisdiction) of the Issuer or a Subsidiary in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer

under these Terms and Conditions. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.

22.2 Clause 22.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents m accordance with Clause 19.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under these Terms and Conditions or the Agent Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 19.2.10, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 19.2.11before a Holder may take any action referred to in Clause 22.1.

22.3 The provisions of Clause 22.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 11.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or Listing Failure (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Holders.

23.

TIME-BAR

23.1 The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment has been tune-barred and has become void.

23.2 If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance writh the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to the right to receive payment of Interest (excludmg capitalised Interest) will commence, m both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the tune-bar period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.

33

58

24.

NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES

24.1

Notices

24.1.1 Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions:

(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or to such address as notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time, and if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address as notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;

(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, to such address as notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to tune, and if sent by email by the Agent, to such email address as notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and

(c) if to the Holders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD (or in relation to courier or personal delivery, if such address is a box address, the addressee reasonably assumed to be associated with such box address), on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Holders. A notice to the Holders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee.

24.1.2 Any notice or other communication made by one Person to another under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 24.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 24.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 24.1.1.

24.1.3 Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.

24 2

Press releases

24.2.1 Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Holders pursuant to Clauses 11.3-- 11.4, 12.11.1(e), 13.6, 14.4, 15.16, 16.1, 17.1, 18.3, 19.2.11 and 19.4.1 shall also be published by way ofpress release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.

24.2.2 In addition to Clause 24.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it 34

59

can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.

25.

FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

25 1 Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itselftakes such measures, or is subject to such measures.

25.2 The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.

25.3 Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.

25.4 The provisions in this Clause 25 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.

26.

LISTING

The Issuer intends to list the Bonds within thirty (30) calendar days, and has undertaken to list the Bonds within twelve (12) months, after the Issue Date on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) in accordance with Clause 12.2 (Listing of the Bonds). Further, if the Bonds have not been listed on the corporate bond list ofNasdaq Stockholm within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issue Date, each Holder has a right of repayment (put option) of its Bonds in accordance with Clause 11.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change ofControl Event, De-listing Event or Listing Failure (put option)).

27.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

27.1 These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.

27.2 Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to Clause 27.3, be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first instance.

27.3 The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the Agent (or the Holders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.

35

60

We hereby certify that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon ourselves. Place:__________________ VICTORIA PARK AB (PUBL) as Issuer Name: We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent they refer to us. Place:___________________ NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL) as Agent Name:
61

ADDRESSES

Issuer Victoria Park AB (publ) P.O. Box 2 SE-201 20 Malmö Stora Varvsgatan 13 A Telephone: +46 (0)40 16 74 40 E-mail: info@victoriapark.se

Legal advisor Fredersen Advokatbyrå AB Turning Torso SE-211 15 Malmö

Arranger, joint bookrunner and agent Carnegie Investment Bank AB Regeringsgatan 56 SE-103 38 Stockholm

issuing

Arranger and joint bookrunner Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Filial Norrmalmstorg 1 SE-103 92 Stockholm

Sverige

Legal advisor Gernandt & Danielsson Advokatbyrå KB Hamngatan 2 P.O. 5747 SE-114 87 Stockholm
Agent Nordic Trustee & Agency AB Kungsgatan 35 P.O. Box 7329 SE-103 90 Stockholm
Auditor Öhrlings PriceWaterhouseCoopers AB Anna Lindhs Plats 4 SE-203 11 Malmö
Previous auditor Ernst & Young Aktiebolag Torggatan 4 SE-211 40 Malmö
Central securities depository Euroclear Sweden AB Klarabergsviadukten 63 P.O. Box 191 SE-101 23 Stockholm

62

