Denna kallelse till obligationsinnehavarna är endast utformad på engelska. För mer information, vänligen kontakta Nordic Trustee & Agency AB.
To the bondholders of: ISIN: SE 000 5799194 - Troax Group AB (publ) Senior Secured Callable Floating Rate Bonds 2014/2020
Stockholm, 13 January 2015 NOTICE OF WRITTEN PROCEDURE - REQUEST TO AMEND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS
This voting request for procedure in writing has been sent by regular mail on 13 January 2015 to Holders directly registered in the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. This voting request has also been published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent. If you are an authorised nominee under the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act or if you otherwise are holding Bonds on behalf of someone else on a Securities Account, please forward this notice to the Holder you represent as soon as possible. For further information, please see below under Section 4 C, (Voting rights and authorisation).
Under the terms and conditions o f the Bonds (the "Terms and Conditions"), Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (the "Agent") is appointed as Agent where Troax Group AB (publ) is the issuer (the "Issuer"). In its capacity as Agent, and requested by the Issuer, Nordic Trustee & Agency AB initiates a procedure in writing, whereby Holders can vote for or against the Issuer's request. All capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this notice (the "Notice") shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Terms and Conditions. This voting request, and associated enclosed Schedules 1 and 2, have been construed in accordance with applicable regulations in the Terms and Conditions. Holders participate by completing and sending the Voting Form, attached hereto as Schedule 1, and, if applicable, the Power of Attorney/Authorisation, attached hereto as Schedule 2 or other sufficient evidence, if the Bonds are held in custody other than Euroclear Sweden, to the Agent. Please contact the securities firm you hold your Bonds through if you do not know how your Bonds are registered or if you need authorization or other assistance to participate. The Agent must receive the Voting Form no later than 5.00 p.m. (CET), on 30 January 2015, by regular mail, via courier or e-mail to the addresses indicated below under Section 4 F. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded. To be eligible to participate in the Written Procedure a person must fulfil the formal criteria for being a Holder on 22 January 2015 (the "Record Date"). This means that the person must be registered on a
1

Securities Account with Euroclear Sweden, the CSD, as a direct registered owner (Sw. direktregistrerad ägare) or authorised nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to one Bond or several Bonds.
The information in this Notice regarding the Issuer and market conditions is provided by the Issuer, and the Agent expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to such information.

1.

BACKGROUND

On 12 November 2014, the Issuer and its main owner FSN Capital LP III ("FSN Capital") announced that FSN Capital was exploring a listing o f the Issuer's parent company Troax Holding AB (the "Parent") on Nasdaq Stockholm.

Troax is the global market leader of metal-based mesh safety walls for industrial applications, warehouses, and storage areas.

The Issuer was acquired by FSN Capital in early 2013 and since then, several important strategic initiatives have been launched to improve the Troax group's (the "Group") operational efficiency, increase its sales force and broaden the Group's geographical presence. In 2014, the Group acquired Satech Safety Technology Spa, a leading provider of mesh panel solutions on the Italian market, which has further strengthened Troax' European market position and earnings.

With many strategic initiatives implemented, the Group is ready to expand and continue to grow based on these fulfilments. Consequently, FSN Capital and the Parent's board o f directors consider the current timing and market climate to be an appropriate time for exploring a listing o f the Group.

Under the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer is obliged to issue certain consolidated financial statements, both on a yearly and quarterly basis. Once the Parent is listed, the Parent will be imposed with similar reporting obligations. In order to avoid having two companies within the Group imposed with similar reporting obligations, it is proposed that the Terms and Conditions are amended to allow that the Parent and the Issuer are merged with the Parent as the surviving entity.

As part o f the potential listing, FSN Capital and the Parent's board o f directors consider it important, following the merger, to have the flexibility to make distributions to the Parent's shareholders, in particular considering the Group's strong and stable cash conversion. The Terms and Conditions contain restrictions for the Issuer to make distributions to shareholders and, accordingly, the Proposal (as defined below) is designed to give the Parent more flexibility to make distributions to shareholders.

Furthermore, the Proposal also contains a few additional changes, e.g. limiting the Issuer's voluntary prepayment rights as well as limiting the Issuer's cancellation right o f re-purchased Bonds.

The Issuer believes that the listing, which will broaden the Group's access to the Swedish and international capital markets e.g. to broaden the Group's options for financing continued growth, both organically and through selective acquisitions, and the Proposal as such, will be beneficial to the Holders.

2

2.

PROPOSAL

(a) Pursuant to the information provided above, the Issuer requests that the Holders accept to amend the Terms and Conditions as set out below (the "Proposal").

(b) The Proposal would entail the following amendments o f the Terms and Conditions:

3

Current wording (wording to be amended Proposed wording (new wording in

is set out in italics):

italics):

Clause 1.1

Clause 1.1

"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event o f Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and (ii) if provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test, that the Incurrence Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio.

"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event o f Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and (ii) if provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test or a Distribution Test, that the Incurrence Test or the relevant Distribution Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio o f the Interest Coverage Ratio and/or Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA (as applicable).

"Distribution Test" means the ratio o f Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA calculated in accordance with the Incurrence Test Calculation Principles, as applicable.

"Permitted Debt"

"Permitted Debt"

(h) incurred by the Issuer if such Financial (h) incurred by the Issuer if such Financial

Indebtedness (i) meets the Incurrence Test Indebtedness (i) prior to an Equity Listing

tested pro forma including such incurrence, Event, meets the Incurrence Test and, after

(ii) is unsecured and/or subordinated to the an Equity Listing Event the Incurrence Test is

obligations o f the Issuer under these Terms met, however, the Net Interest Bearing Debt

and Conditions and under the Agent to EBITDA should not be greater than 3.00,

Agreement and (iii) has a final redemption in each case tested pro forma including such

date or, when applicable, early redemption incurrence, (ii) is unsecured and/or

dates or instalment dates which occur after subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer

the Final Redemption Date;

under these Terms and Conditions and under

the Agent Agreement; and (iii) has a final

redemption date or, when applicable, early

redemption dates or instalment dates which

occur after the Final Redemption Date.

4

"Permitted Distribution" has the meaning set out in Clause 12.1 (a) "Permitted Merger" means a merger between the Parent and the Issuer, where the Parent is the surviving entity, provided that: (a) an Equity Listing Event has occurred
where the shares in the Parent are listed; (b) prior to completion o f the merger, the
Issuer has made the Permitted Partial Repayment; (c) the Parent has no Financial Indebtedness (other than Permitted Debt) outstanding at the time o f the completion o f the merger; (d) the amount o f the restricted equity (Sw. bundet eget kapital) o f the Parent is not less than the restricted equity o f the Issuer; (e) the special undertaking set out in Clause 12.2 (Listing o f Bonds) is (or will be) complied with; (f) the Permitted Distribution has not been and will not be made; and (g) the Parent confirms to the Agent that it will, as a consequence o f the merger, assume the obligations as pledgor under the Security Documents and take all steps which the Agent may reasonably deem necessary fo r the purpose o f obtaining the fu ll benefit o f the Security Documents and the other Finance Documents. "Permitted Partial Repayment" has the meaning set out in Clause 11.4(b).
5

"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs "Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs

and expenses incurred by a Group Company and expenses incurred by a Group Company

in connection with (a) the Initial Bond Issue in connection with (a) the Initial Bond Issue

or a Subsequent Bond Issue, (b) the or a Subsequent Bond Issue, (b) the

repayment o f the Existing Debt, (c) the listing repayment o f the Existing Debt, (c) the listing

o f Bonds, (d) the 2013 acquisition o f the o f Bonds, (d) the 2013 acquisition o f the

Group by the Issuer, (e) the Acquisition and Group by the Issuer, (e) the Acquisition, (f)

(f) any other future acquisition o f entities any other future acquisition o f entities, (g) an

(provided such fees, costs and expenses are Equity Listing Event where the shares in the

reasonable).

Parent or the Issuer are listed, and (h) the

Permitted Merger (provided such fees, costs

and expenses as regards (f), (g) and (h) above

are deemed, by the Agent (acting reasonably),

to be reasonable).

Clause 1.2.5

All references to the Issuer shall be construed to mean Troax Group AB prior to the Permitted Merger and Troax Holding AB after the Permitted Merger has been completed.

Clause 11.2

Clause 11.2

Any Group Company may, subject to Any Group Company may, subject to

applicable law, at any time and at any price applicable law, at any time and at any price

purchase Bonds. Bonds held by a Group purchase Bonds. Bonds held by a Group

Company may at such Group Company's Company may at such Group Company's

discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the discretion be retained or sold but not

Issuer, cancelled.

cancelled.

6

Clause 11.4

Clause 11.4

The Issuer may repay an amount not (a) Provided that a repayment pursuant to

exceeding EUR 10,000 (rounded off to a

this Clause 11.4(a) is made prior to an

multiple o f EUR 100) o f principal debt

Equity Listing Event and provided that

outstanding on all, but not only some, o f the

no Permitted Partial Repayment (as

Bonds on one Interest Payment Date per each

defined in (b) below) has been made

Relevant Period as from the Issue Date until

prior thereto, the Issuer may repay an

and including the First Call Date (without

amount not exceeding EUR 10,000

carry-back or carry forward), at a price equal

(rounded off to a multiple o f EUR 100)

to 103.00 per cent. o f the repaid Nominal

of principal debt outstanding on all, but

Amount together with accrued but unpaid

not only some, of the Bonds on one

interest on the repaid Nominal Amount,

Interest Payment Date per each Relevant

resulting in partial repayment o f all Bonds by

Period as from the Issue Date until and

way of reduction of the Nominal Amount of

including the First Call Date (without

each Bond pro rata. The Issuer shall give not

carry-back or carry forward), at a price

less than 20 Business Days' notice of the

equal to 103.00 per cent. o f the repaid

repayment in accordance with this Clause

Nominal Amount together with accrued

11.4 to the Agent and the Holders.

but unpaid interest on the repaid

Nominal Amount, resulting in partial

repayment o f all Bonds by way of

reduction of the Nominal Amount of

each Bond pro rata.

(b) provided that no repayment in accordance with Clause 11.4 (a) above has been made prior thereto, the Issuer may at one occasion repay an amount which shall be equal to EUR 14,300 (rounded o ffto a multiple o fEUR 100) o f principal debt outstanding on all, but not only some, o f the Bonds, at a price equal to 103.75per cent. o f the repaid Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest until and including the date o fpayment on the repaid Nominal Amount, resulting in partial repayment o f all Bonds by way o f reduction o f the Nominal Amount o f each Bond pro rata (the "Permitted Partial Repayment"). Such repayment shall be made no later

7

than 20 Business Days after an Equity Listing Event has occurred. (c) The Issuer shall give not less than 20 Business Days' notice of the repayment in accordance with this Clause 11.4 to the Agent and the Holders.
8

Clause 11.5

Clause 11.5

The Issuer may at one occasion, in The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 35.00 per cent. o f the total Initial repay up to 35.00 per cent. o f the total Initial Nominal Amount (provided at least 65.00 Nominal Amount (provided at least 65.00 per per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount per per Bond remains outstanding after such Bond remains outstanding after such repayment, and where the term "Initial repayment, and where the term "Initial Nominal Amount" for the purpose of this Nominal Amount" for the purpose of this Clause 11.5 shall be deemed to be the Clause 11.5 shall be deemed to be the Nominal Amount of each Bond following a Nominal Amount of each Bond following a partial reduction of the Nominal Amount partial reduction of the Nominal Amount pursuant to Clause 11.7 (Mandatory Partial pursuant to Clause 11.7 (Mandatory Partial Repayment upon an Acquisition Failure), if Repayment upon an Acquisition Failure), if applicable), in which case all outstanding applicable), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 calendar Interest Payment Date within 180 calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the exceeding the cash proceeds received by the relevant Group Company as a result of such relevant Group Company as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and and commissions actually incurred in commissions actually incurred in connection connection with such offering and net of with such offering and net of taxes paid or taxes paid or payable as a result of such payable as a result of such offering), and the offering), and the Issuer shall give not less Issuer shall give not less than 20 Business than 20 Business Days' notice of the Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent repayment to the Agent and the Holders. The and the Holders. The repayment per Bond repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid shall equal the repaid Nominal Amount Nominal Amount (rounded down to the (rounded down to the nearest EUR 100) plus nearest EUR 100) plus a premium on the a premium on the repaid amount equal to the repaid amount equal to the applicable Call applicable Call Option Amount and shall for Option Amount and shall for the period from the period from the Issue Date up to (but the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the First excluding) the First Call Date be at a price of Call Date be at a price o f 103.00 per cent. of 103.75 per cent. o f the Nominal Amount. the Nominal Amount.

9

Clause 11.6.4

Clause 11.6.4

Any bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold, or cancelled.

Any bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled.

10

Clause 12.1

Clause 12.1

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that (a) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that

none o f the Subsidiaries, (i) pay any dividend

none o f the Subsidiaries, (i) pay any

on shares, (ii) repurchase any o f its own

dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any o f

shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other

its own shares, (iii) redeem its share

restricted equity with repayment to

capital or other restricted equity with

shareholders, (iv) repay principal or pay

repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay

interest under any shareholder loans, (v)

principal or pay interest under any

grant any loans except to Group Companies

shareholder loans, (v) grant any loans

or (vi) make any other similar distribution or

except to Group Companies or (vi) make

transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to

any other similar distribution or transfers

the Issuer's, or the Subsidiaries', direct and

o f value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to the

indirect shareholders or the Affiliates o f such

Issuer's, or the Subsidiaries', direct and

direct and indirect shareholders (items (i)-

indirect shareholders or the Affiliates o f

(vi) above are together and individually

such direct and indirect shareholders

referred to as a "Restricted Payment"),

(items (i)-(vi) above are together and

provided however that any such Restricted

individually referred to as a "Restricted

Payment can be made, i f such Restricted

Payment"), provided however that any

Payment is permitted by law and no Event o f

such Restricted Payment can be made, if

Default is continuing or would result from

such Restricted Payment is permitted by

such Restricted Payment, by (a) any Group

law and no Event o f Default is

Company if such Restricted Payment is made

continuing or would result from such

to another Group Company and, if made by

Restricted Payment, by (A) any Group

any o f the Subsidiaries which is not directly

Company if such Restricted Payment is

or indirectly wholly owned by the Issuer, is

made to another Group Company and, if

made on a pro rata basis, (b) by the Issuer i f

made by any o f the Subsidiaries which is

such Restricted Payment constitutes the

not directly or indirectly wholly owned

Initial Distribution and (c) by the Issuer on

by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis,

one or more occasions, provided that (i) the

(B) by the Issuer i f such Restricted

Incurrence Test (calculated on a pro forma

Payment constitutes the Initial

basis including the relevant Restricted

Distribution and (C) by the Issuer on one

Payment) is met, (ii) the Restricted Payment

or more occasions, provided that (i) the

is made on or prior to the date falling 15

Incurrence Test (calculated on a pro

months after the Issue Date , (iii) the

forma basis including the relevant

aggregated amount o f all Restricted

Restricted Payment) is met, (ii) the

Payments made in accordance with this item

Restricted Payment is made on or prior

(c) does not exceed EUR 5,000,000 and (iv)

to the date falling 15 months after the

the Net Cash Position (calculated on a pro

Issue Date , (iii) the aggregated amount

forma basis including the relevant Restricted

o f all Restricted Payments made in

accordance with this item (C) does not

11

Payment) amounts to not less than EUR 4,000,000.

exceed EUR 5,000,000 and (iv) the Net Cash Position (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant Restricted Payment) amounts to not less than EUR 4,000,000 (the distribution set out in this paragraph 12.1 (a) (C) is referred to as the "Permitted Distribution ").

(b) Notwithstanding the above, any such Restricted Payment can be made, i f such Restricted Payment is permitted by law and no Event o f Default is continuing or would result from such Restricted Payment i f made by the Issuer, subject to the conditions in (c) below, andprovided that the following conditions are satisfied:

(A) that an Equity Listing Event has occurred where the shares in the Parent or the Issuer are listed;

(B) that the Permitted Partial Repayment has been made; and

(C) that the Permitted Distribution has not been and will not be made.

(c) I f the conditions set out in (b) above are satisfied, the Issuer may distribute:

(i) a maximum o f 50 per cent. o f the Group's net profit o f the preceding financial year, provided that the Distribution Test (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant Restricted Payment) is not greater than 2.50;

(ii) a maximum o f 60 per cent. o f the Group's net profit o f the preceding financial year, provided that the Distribution Test (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant

12

Restricted Payment) is not greater than 2.00; and

(iii) a maximum o f 70 per cent. o f the Group's net profit o f the preceding financial year, provided that the Distribution Test (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant Restricted Payment) is not greater than 1.50.

Clause 12.2

Clause 12.2

The Issuer shall ensure (i) that the Bonds are The Issuer shall ensure (i) that the Bonds are

listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ

OMX Stockholm or, if such admission to OMX Stockholm or, if such admission to

trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, trading is not possible to obtain or maintain,

admitted to trading on another Regulated admitted to trading on another Regulated

Market, not later than 12 months after the Market, not later than 12 months after the

Issue Date, (ii) that the Bonds, once listed on Issue Date, (ii) that the Bonds, once listed on

the relevant Regulated Market, continue the relevant Regulated Market, continue

being listed thereon (however, taking into being listed thereon (however, taking into

account the rules and regulations of the account the rules and regulations o f the

relevant Regulated Market and the CSD (as relevant Regulated Market and the CSD (as

amended from time to time) preventing amended from time to time) preventing

trading in the Bonds in close connection to trading in the Bonds in close connection to

the redemption o f the Bonds) and (iii) that, the redemption o f the Bonds, as well as any

upon any Subsequent Bond Issue, the temporary interruption in the listing o f the

volume o f Bonds listed on the relevant Bonds due to technical reasons following the

Regulated Market promptly, and not later Permitted Merger) and (iii) that, upon any

than 10 Business Days after the relevant Subsequent Bond Issue, the volume o f Bonds

issue date, is increased accordingly.

listed on the relevant Regulated Market

promptly, and not later than 10 Business

Days after the relevant issue date, is increased

accordingly.

13

Clause 12.10.1

Clause 12.10.1

(c) issue a Compliance Certificate to the (c) issue a Compliance Certificate to the

Agent in connection with the incurrence of Agent in connection with the incurrence of

Financial Indebtedness or the payment of any Financial Indebtedness or the payment of any

Restricted Payment which requires that the Restricted Payment which requires that the

Incurrence Test is met and at the Agent's Incurrence Test or a Distribution Test is met

request, within 20 calendar days from such and at the Agent's request, within 20 calendar

request;

days from such request;

Clause 17.1(g)

Clause 17.1(g)

Mergers and demergers:

Mergers and demergers:

(i) A decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be merged or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless the Agent has given its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in writing prior to the merger and/or demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver o f the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors); or
(ii) the Issuer merges with any other Person, or is subject to a demerger, with the effect that the Issuer is not the surviving entity;

(i) without prejudice to the Permitted Merger, a decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be merged or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless the Agent has given its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in writing prior to the merger and/or demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver o f the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors); or
(ii) without prejudice to the Permitted Merger, the Issuer merges with any other Person, or is subject to a demerger, with the effect that the Issuer is not the surviving entity;

(a) The amendments o f the Terms and Conditions pursuant to the Proposal shall take effect immediately upon approval.
(b) The Agent shall be authorised, in its discretion, to consent to amendments to the Terms and Conditions including the Security Documents on behalf of the Holders where such amendments (i) are o f a minor or technical nature, (ii) are otherwise consistent with the Proposal (including the Permitted Merger) and are required in order to implement the Proposal and/or the Permitted Merger, or (iii) would not adversely affect the position o f the Holders.
(c) Other than amendments prompted by the Proposal, the Terms and Conditions will remain unchanged and continue to apply as currently registered with Euroclear Sweden.

14

3.

NON-RELIANCE

The Proposal is presented to the Holders without evaluation or recommendations from the Agent. The Holders must independently evaluate whether the above Proposal is accepted or not.

4. THE WRITTEN PROCEDURE

The following instructions need to be adhered to under the Written Procedure.

A. Final date to participate in the Written Procedure

The Agent must have received the votes by mail, courier or e-mail to the address indicated below no later than 5.00 p.m. (CET), 30 January 2015. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded.

B. Decision procedure

The Agent will determine if received replies are eligible to participate under the W ritten Procedure as valid votes.

When a requisite majority o f consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount have been received by the Agent, the Proposal shall be deemed to be adopted, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

Information about the decision taken under the W ritten Procedure will: i) be sent by notice to the Holders, ii) be published as a press release, and iii) be published on the websites of a) the Issuer and b) the Agent.

A matter decided under the Written Procedure will be binding for all Holders, whether or not they have responded in the Written Procedure and whether or not they have accepted the Proposal. A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some o f its votes only.

C. Voting rights and authorisation

Anyone who wishes to participate in the Written Procedure must on the Record Date (22 January 2015) in the debt register:

(i) be registered as a direct registered owner o f a Securities Account; or

(ii) be registered as authorised nominee in a Securities Account, with respect to one or several Bonds.

Bonds registered with a nominee

If you are not registered as a direct registered Holder, but your Bonds are held through a registered authorised nominee or another intermediary, you may have two different options to influence the voting for the Bonds:

1. You can ask the authorised nominee or other intermediary that holds the Bonds on your behalf to vote in its own name as instructed by you; or

2. You can obtain a power o f attorney/authorisation, Schedule 2, from the authorised nominee or other intermediary and send in your own Voting Form based on the authorization. If you hold

15

your Bonds through several intermediaries, you need to obtain authorization directly from the intermediary that is registered in the debt register as holder of the Securities Account, or from each intermediary in the chain o f holders, starting with the intermediary that is registered in the debt register as a holder o f the Securities Account as authorised nominee or direct registered owner.
Whether one or both of these options are available to you depends on the agreement between you and the authorised nominee or other intermediary that holds the Bonds on your behalf (and the agreement between the intermediaries, if there are more than one).
The Agent recommends that you contact the securities firm that holds the Bonds on your behalf for assistance, if you wish to participate in the Written Procedure and do not know how your Bonds are registered or if you need authorization or other assistance to participate. Bonds owned by the Issuer, another Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company do not entitle to any voting rights.
D. Quorum
To approve the Proposal, Holders representing at least 20 per cent. o f the Adjusted Nominal Amount must reply to the request under the Written Procedure in order to form a quorum.
I f a quorum does not exist, the Agent shall initiate a second Written Procedure, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Issuer. No quorum requirement will apply to such second Written Procedure.
E. Majority Two thirds (2/3) o f the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders reply under the Written Procedure must consent to the Proposal. If the Proposal is not adopted, the Terms and Conditions will remain unchanged.
F. Address for sending replies Return the Voting Form, Schedule 1, and, if applicable, the Power o f Attorney/Authorisation in Schedule 2 or other sufficient evidence, i f the Bonds are held in custody other than Euroclear Sweden, by regular mail, scanned copy by e-mail, or by courier to: (a) By regular mail:
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB Attn: Written Procedure P.O, Box 7329 S-103 90 Stockholm (b) By courier: Nordic Trustee & Agency AB Attn: Written Procedure/Maria Klaesson Kungsgatan 35 111 56 Stockholm
16

(c) By e-mail: E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.se

5.

FURTHER INFORMATION

The Issuer has retained Carnegie Investment Bank as financial advisor (the "Advisor"). Accordingly, Holders may contact the Advisor as follows for further information:

Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ) Attn: Mats Kortfält tel: +46 8 5886 8714 E-mail: dcm@carnegie.se

For further questions to the Agent, please contact the Agent at mail@nordictrustee.se or +46 8 783 79 00.

Stockholm, 13 January 2015

Enclosed:

NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCYAB As Agent

1. Voting Form 2. Power o f Attorney/Authorisation

17

VOTING FORM
Schedule 1
For the procedure in writing in Troax Group AB (publ) maximum EUR 100,000,000 senior secured callable floating rate bonds 2014/2020, ISIN: SE0005799194.
The undersigned Holder or authorised person/entity (the "Voting Person"), votes either For or Against the Proposal by marking the applicable box below.
NOTE: I f the Voting Person is not registered as Holder (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), the Voting Person must enclose a Power o fAttorney/Authorisation, see Schedule 2.

ED For the Proposal

CD Against the Proposal Name o f the Voting Person:

Capacity o f the Voting Person:

Holder: | | 1 authorised person: | | 2

Voting Person's reg.no/id.no and country of incorporation/domicile:

Securities Account number at Euroclear Sweden: (if applicable)
Name and Securities Account number of custodian(s): (if applicable)
Nominal Amount voted for (in EUR):

Day time telephone number, e-mail address and contact person:

Authorised signature and Name3

Place, date:

1When voting in this capacity, no further evidence is required.
2When voting in this capacity, the person/entity voting must also enclose Power of Attorney/Authorisation (Schedule 2) from the Holder or other proof of authorisation showing the number of votes held on the Record Date.
3If the undersigned is not a Holder according the Terms and Condition and has marked the box "authorised person", the undersigned - by signing this document - confirms that the Holder has been instructed to refrain from voting for the number of votes cast with this Voting Form.

18

POWER OF ATTORNEY/AUTHORISATION
Schedule 2 For the procedure in writing in Troax Group AB (publ) maximum EUR 100,000,000 senior secured callable floating rate bonds 2014/2020, ISIN: SE0005799194. NOTE: This Power ofAttorney/Authorisation document shall befilled out i f the Voting Person is not registered as Holder on the Securities Account, held with Euroclear Sweden. It must always be established a coherent chain ofpower o f attorneys derivedfrom the Holder. I.e.ifthe person/entityfilling out this Power o f Attorney/Authorisation in its capacity as "other intermediary", the person/entity must enclose its Power o f AttorneyAauthorisation from the Holder.
Name o f person/entity that is given authorisation (Sw. Befullmaktigad) to vote as per the Record Date:
Nominal Amount (in EUR) the person/entity is authorised to vote for as per the Record Date:
Name o f Holder or other intermediary giving the authorisation (Sw. Fullmaktsgivaren):
We hereby confirm that the person/entity specified above (Sw. Befullmaktigad) has the right to vote for the Nominal Amount set out above. W e represent an aggregate Nominal Amount of: E U R ________________________ W e are:
ED Registered as Holder on the Securities Account ED Other intermediary and holds the Bonds through (specify below):
Place, date:
Name: Authorised signature o f Holder/ other intermediary (Sw. Fullmaktsgivaren)
19

