NORDIC TRUSTEE

Denna information till obligationsinnehavarna är endast utformadpå engelska.

To: Bondholders of ISIN SE0008348221 Net Gaming Europe AB (publ) SEK 200,000,000 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Bonds

Stockholm, 6 February 2017

Notice of amendments to Share Pledge Agreements

Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) is the appointed agent under the terms and conditions in the abovementioned bond issue (the "Terms and Conditions")

Terms defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meaning when used in this notice, unless otherwise defined herein.

Upon a request made by the Issuer and in accordance with Clause 20 (a) (i) of the Terms and Conditions, the Agent has agreed to amend and restate the following Security Documents:

i)

First ranking pledge agreement entered into on 14 October 2016 between the Target and Chance

Publications Malta Ltd, as pledgors, and the Agent in respect of all shares issued in Rock

Intention Malta Ltd;

ii) First ranking pledge agreement entered into on 14 October 2016 between the Target and Rock Intention Malta Ltd, as pledgors, and the Agent in respect of all shares issued in Match Publications Malta Ltd; and

iii) First ranking pledge agreement entered into on 14 October 2016 between the Target and Rock Intention Malta Ltd, as pledgors, and the Agent in respect of all shares issued in Chance Publications Malta Ltd.

Item i) - iii) are collectively referred to as the "Share Pledge Agreements".

The Issuer has requested the Agent to grant its consent for the change of the currency of the share capital of each of the companies the shares in which have been pledged from USD to EUR (the "Currency Conversion") and to the amendment and restatement of the Share Pledge Agreements, which amendment and restatement is required solely in order to ensure that the Currency Conversion is correctly reflected in the Share Pledge Agreements. The Currency Conversion is made as the pledged companies have been reporting in EUR for the past year and now wish to align the reported currency o f the share capital.

Office address: Norrlandsgatan 23, Mail address: P.O. Box 7329, S-103 90 Stockholm

nordictrustee.com

The Agent has, in granting its consent for the Currency Conversion and the consequent amendment and restatement of the Share Pledge Agreements, relied on an opinion from a reputable Maltese law firm. The Maltese law firm has confirmed that the amendment and restatement of the Share Pledge Agreements are not detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders and should not have any impact on the value of the pledged shares in each o f the pledged companies.
The amendment and restatement o f the Share Pledge Agreements became effective as o f 25 January 2017.
Yours sincerely,
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) as Agent

