CorpNordic
Notice of holders' meeting and written procedure for bonds issued by Trigon Agri A/S
To holders of the maximum SEK 350,000,000 11% bonds 2011/2015 with ISIN SE0004019008 (the "Bonds") issued by Trigon Agri A/S (the "Company") on 29 June 2011
Capitalized term s not otherwise defined in this notice shall have the meaning given to them in the term s and conditions fo r the Bonds (the "Terms and Condi tions").
This notice has been sent by the Agent to directly registered owners and registered authorized nominees (Sw. förvaltare) o f the Bonds as of 3 February 2015 in the debt ledger produced by Euroclear Sweden AB. If you are an authorized nominee under the Swedish Financial Instrum ents Accounts Act or if you otherwise are holding Bonds on behalf of someone else, please forward this notice to the holder you represent as soon as possible. See under " Requirements to participate" in Section B (Decision procedure) for further information.
CorpNordic Sweden AB (the " A gent") acting in its capacity as agent for the Holders under the Terms and Conditions hereby convenes the Holders to a Holders' meeting on the instructions of the Company. The Holders' meeting will take place on 26 February 2015, at 14:00 (CET) at the offices of Mannheimer Swartling, Norrlandsgatan 21, Stockholm, Sweden. Registration will start at 13:30 (CET). The agenda for the meeting and proposals for decisions are included in Section A "Agenda and proposals" below. As an alternative to participate in the meeting in person or via a duly authorized representative, Holders may vote on the proposal to amend and restate the Terms and Conditions in a written procedure by completing and sending the written resolution voting form attached as Appendix 1 to the Agent. Please note that it is not possible to vote on the appointment of members to the Holders' committee in the written procedure. Holders that would like to vote on the appointment of members of the Holders' committee must attend the Holders' meeting in person or via a representative. The Agent must receive the written resolution voting form no later than by 17:00 (CET) on 24 February 2015 by mail, via courier or e-mail to the addresses indicated under "Voting in the written procedure" in Section B below. Votes received thereafter will be disregarded. To participate in the meeting or the written procedure it is required to be a Holder of a Bond on close of business on 13 February 2015 (the "Record Date"). Holders may be required to take measures in order to be eligible to attend the Holders' meeting or participate in the written procedure. For further information regarding who is eligible to participate and what steps that may need to be taken to participate, please see under "Requirements to participate" in Section B below.
1

CorpNordic
Please contact the securities firm you hold your Bonds through if you do not know how your Bonds are registered or if you need authorisation or other assistance to participate.
A. AGENDA AND PROPOSALS
Agenda for the Holders' meeting
1. Opening of the meeting and election of chairman 2. Preparation and approval of the voting list 3. Approval of the agenda 4. Resolution on whether the meeting has been duly convened 5. Election of at least one person to verify the minutes 6. The Company informs about its financial position and divestment plans 7. Amendment and restatement of the Terms and Conditions
7.1 Description of the main features of the proposal to amend and restate the terms and conditions
7.2 Proposal for a resolution to amend and restate the Terms and Conditions
8. Appointment of members of a Holders' committee 9. Other issues 10. Closing of the meeting
Item 6 - The Company informs about its financial position and divestment plans
The Company has been actively working on carrying out its divestment strategy which includes full disposal of its Russian and Estonian assets. The aim of the divestment program is to generate proceeds in order to repay the outstanding Bonds. Over the last couple of quarters this work has been slowed down by the political and military situation in Ukraine and by extension Russia. Whilst this has not caused any physical disruptions to the Company's activities it has inevitably made it harder to dispose non core assets in the current environment. The political uncertainty has also made it impossible to refinance the outstanding bond with new borrowings. Therefore, the Company requests an extension of the current bond in order to have more time to carry out its divestment plan.
The recent devaluation of both Ukrainian Hryvna and Russian Rouble has caused non cash currency translation losses which lower the Company's equity. The current covenant ratio of Financial Indebtedness to Shareholders' Equity has, therefore, significantly worsened during the fourth quarter of 2014 and as a result the Company will not be able to meet this covenant in its fourth quarter 2014 financial statements. Hence, the Company requests a replacement of this covenant with new covenants.
The Company remains fully committed to taking all reasonable steps to divest its activities in Estonia and Russia as soon as reasonably possible, given market conditions, and directing all net proceeds to the bondholders.
2

CorpNordic
Item 7 - Amendment and restatement of the Terms and Conditions
In light of the turbulent situation in Ukraine and Russia and the Company's financial position a group of Holders consisting of Sparinvest A/S, Arne Bjorhn and Johannes Bertorp (the "Ad Hoc Committee") have been conducting discussions with the Company with a view to agree on a restructuring of the terms of the Bonds and accordingly an amendment and restatement of the Terms and Conditions. The Company and the Ad Hoc Committee have agreed to propose changes to the Terms and Conditions (further described under Item 7.1 below).
It is the view of the Ad Hoc Committee that the Company's difficulties in refinancing the Bonds and decline of its equity position is caused by external factors and that it is in the best interest of the Holders that the management of the Company continue to operate the business and lead the efforts to divest assets to be able to repay the Bonds. The proposed amendments extend the maturity of the Bonds and give the Company time to divest assets while at the same time giving the Company an incentive to repay as soon as possible by increasing the price for redemption the longer it takes.
The debt to equity financial covenant in the current version of the Terms and Conditions (where the Company has limited control over the equity part of the covenant as described under Item 6) is replaced by a restriction to incur financial indebtedness and provide new security to other creditors (with exceptions), tighter restrictions of the making of dividends to shareholders and restrictions on capital expenditure. The Holders' position in a potential future default situation is strengthened by obtaining security over the shares in the first tier subsidiaries to the Company that act as holding companies for the material assets in the group and guarantees from those subsidiaries. Efforts have been made to try to balance the restrictions and new requirements against the Company's need for flexibility to be able to operate effectively in a challenging environment. Views of banks providing financing to subsidiaries in the group have also needed to be taken into account.
The Ad Hoc Committee together with other Holders that have indicated their support for the proposed amendments represents a total Nominal Amount of about SEK 134,200,000 (equal to 38 per cent. of the total Nominal Amount).
The Agent and its Danish legal counsel Kromann Reumert have supported the Ad Hoc Committee in the negotiations with the Company.
Item 7.1 - Description o fth e main features o f the proposal to am end the Terms and Condi tions
A full version of the Terms and Conditions as they are proposed to be amended and restated is attached as Appendix 5 (the "Proposed Amended and Restated Terms and Conditions"). All Holders are strongly encouraged to review and consider the full version of the Proposed Amended and Restated Terms and Conditions. A comparison version showing the changes between the original Terms and Conditions and the Proposed Amended and Restated Terms and Conditions can also be downloaded from www.corpnordic.com.
The main features of the proposal are:
· The Final Redemption Date of the Bonds will be extended from 29 June 2015 to 31 August 2017.
· The Interest Rate will remain 11.00 per cent. per annum.
3

CorpNordic
· The incentive to redeem the Bonds for the Company is amended by providing for an Early Redemption Amount starting at 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount prior to 29 June 2015 and incrementally rising to 106 per cent. of the Nominal Amount in the period from 1 January 2017 until 31 August 2017.
· The Company undertakes to implement cost savings measures by internalising certain management and advisory functions, and by putting a cap on the costs allocated to such employees.
· The Company posts security for the Bonds in the form of share pledges over all its active immediate sub-holding companies, and the same companies undertake to guarantee the Bonds towards the Holders. Because the security is posted for pre existing debt, the security will be voidable (in Danish: Omstødelig) under Danish bankruptcy law during the first three months from the day where the security interest of the Holders has been duly perfected under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction.
· The Company undertakes to take all reasonable steps to divest its activities in Estonia and Russia as soon as reasonably possible, given market conditions.
· The Company pays all proceeds from cost savings and disposals (subject to limited exemptions) into a deposit account pledged to the Holders (the "Deposit Account").
· The balance of the Deposit Account must be applied towards a full or partial early redemption of the Bonds whenever it reaches SEK 10,000,000, and cannot be released to the Company (subject to limited exemptions).
· The debt to equity covenant is replaced by a financial covenant prescribing that the Group's Financial Indebtedness (excluding principal and interest under the Bonds) will not exceed EUR 45,000,000, and that the Group's net capital expenditure will not exceed EUR 6,000,000 until the Bonds have been redeemed in full.
· The Company becomes subject to new covenants limiting the Group's ability to provide new security for its debt, selling fixed assets (other than in order to redeem the Bonds), taking on new debt, declaring dividends to its shareholders and becomes obliged to provide certain additional information on an on-going basis to the Holders' committee.
· The Holders will be able to appoint a Holders' committee (see item 8 below), that will among other things be able to communicate with the Company, receive information and waive certain undertakings.
· The Holders' committee will be able to appoint an observer to take part in meetings of the Board of Directors of the Company (without any voting power).
· Some amendments in line with current market standards have been made (including but not limited to the inclusion of provisions on application of proceeds, the agent's role and a so called "no action" clause for Holders).
Item 7.2 - Proposal for a resolution to am end andrestate the Terms and Condi tions
The Company propose that the following resolution be adopted by the Holders:
The Holders resolve to am end and restate the Terms and Conditions in the form set out in the Proposed Am ended and Restated Terms and Conditions.
The amendment and restatem ent shall be effective im m ediately when the resolution is passed.
4

CorpNordic
Item 8 - Appointment of members of a Holders' committee This proposal for the appointment of a Holders' committee is automatically cancelled and withdrawn if the proposal in item 7.2 of the agenda not is passed by the Holders' meeting. The Proposed Amended and Restated Terms and Conditions provides for the appointment of a Holders' committee and grants certain rights to it, see under Section 16 of the Proposed Amended and Restated Terms and Conditions. The reason for appointing a Holders' committee with such powers is that decisions regarding the Bonds will need to be adapted to changing circumstances, that it is not possible today to foresee all factors that will be relevant when making decisions and that it is not practically possible to convene Holders' meetings to take all decisions that will need to be taken. However, a Holders' meeting can override decisions taken by the Holders' committee and the Holders' committee can defer decisions to the Holders' meeting. The members of the Ad Hoc Committee that has negotiated the Proposed Amended and Restated Terms and Conditions are willing to be formally appointed as members of the Holders' committee. The Ad Hoc Committee consists of:
Sparinvest A/S, participating as a legal entity represented by one representative Founded in 1968 in Denmark, and with pan-European operations in Luxembourg since 2001, Sparinvest is an international asset manager, owned by a broad range of Danish institutional shareholders who support the group's independence and prudent investment strategy. The group is known as a specialist in value investment - covering both equity and fixed income but also offers a wide range of other strategies based entirely on academic evidence of long-term success. Sparinvest has more than 10 years of experience investing in corporate debt, and has a dedicated team of 4 portfolio managers and 6 analysts managing the EUR 2.5 bn currently invested in this asset class. Sparinvest does not own any shares in the Company.
Arne Bjorhn, participating as individual Born: 1951 Education: MBA from Stockholm School of Economics Arne Bjorhn has 35 years of business and finance experience in general and more than 10 years' experience of investing in corporate bonds. Current board appointments includes: Oy Phoenix Collector Ltd, Centuri AB, Alga Styrinvest AB. Arne Bjorhn does not own any shares in the Company.
Johannes Bertorp, participating as individual Born: 1977 Education: BA, University of Westminster Johannes Bertorp has 15 years of business and finance experience in general and more than 10 year's experience of investing in corporate bonds. He invests in various growth
5

CorpNordic
companies in the media- & IT-sector and currently works with bridge financing solutions for small and mid-sized companies. Johannes Bertorp does not own any shares in the Company.
Holders are also welcome to propose other members to the Holders' committee. They can do so by providing information of the candidate's name and contact details, information of other current appointments, relevant experience and potential conflicts of interests to the Agent via email to trustee@corpnordic.com no later than at 17:00 (CET) on 24 February 2015.
Members of the Holders' committee will need to enter into non-disclosure undertakings and will at times be restricted from trading in Bonds and shares of the Company.
Please note that the election of members of the Holders' committee will be made at the Holders' meeting and that it is not possible to vote on appointment of members of the Holders' committee by submitting a written resolution voting form in the written procedure. If you would like to vote on the appointment of members of the Holders' committee you will therefore have to attend the meeting in person or via a representative.
B. DECISION PROCEDURE
Holders can participate and vote in two different alternative ways: 1. By participating in person or via a representative on the Holders' meeting; or 2. By sending in a written resolution voting form in a written procedure.
Requirements to participate
Holders registered as owners of Bonds at the close of business on 13 February 2015 (the "Record Date") are entitled to vote in the written procedure or participate and vote at the Holders' meeting.
Holders that do n ot need to provide evidence ofow nership to par ticipate The following Holders do not need to provide evidence of their holdings since their holdings will be set out in debt ledgers that will be provided to the Agent by Euroclear Sweden AB:
· Holders who on the Record Date are directly registered as owners of Bonds on a securities account they have in their own name directly with Euroclear Sweden AB.
· Holders who on the Record Date hold their Bonds directly through an authorised nominee (Sw. förvaltare) under the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
In Appendix 2 is a list of authorised nominees holding Bonds on behalf of customers as of 3 February 2015. If you hold Bonds directly through one of those authorized
6

CorpNordic
nominees, you do not need to provide evidence of your holdings since they will report the names of their customers in a nominee debt ledger. If you do not hold your Bonds directly through one of those institutions nor have your Bonds directly registered on a securities account in your own name directly with Euroclear Sweden AB, we recommend that you contact the financial institution you hold your Bonds through for assistance.
Holders thatm u st provide evidence o f ownership to par ticipate If you are not directly registered as owner on your own Securities Account with Euroclear Sweden AB or hold your Bonds through other institutions or persons than those listed in Appendix 2, you need to provide evidence of your ownership. This can be done by providing a certificate in the form set out in Appendix 3 from the institution you hold your Bonds through.
If your Bonds are held through several intermediaries, you may need to provide more than one certificate of ownership to trace your holding back to a directly registered owner or underlying owner recorded in a debt ledger.
If you do not know how your Bonds are held or registered, or if you need assistance to provide evidence of your holdings, please contact the financial institution you hold your Bonds through.
Registered authorized nominees Authorised nominees registered in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act by Euroclear Sweden AB in Sweden (Sw. forva/tare) may participate and vote on behalf of their underlying customers in the written procedure and at the Holders' meeting without providing evidence of authorization.
The underlying Holder has the primary voting right and the registered authorized nominee must disclose the name of the underlying owner when voting on behalf of the underlying owner. If the underlying owner votes directly, her or his vote takes precedence over the vote submitted by the authorized nominee.
A voting form that should be used by authorised nominees when voting in the written procedure can be obtained from the Agent.
Voting Resolutions are passed through voting. Each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a nominal amount of SEK 10,000. A Holder must vote in the same manner for all Bonds he or she holds. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. A matter decided will be binding for all Holders, irrespective of them responding in the written procedure or voting at the meeting.
7

CorpNordic

Quorum and majority requirements
Item 7.2 in the agenda - Proposal fo ra resolution to am end and restate the Terms and Condi tions
A decisions on item 7.2 in the agenda can be taken if Holders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount participate in the written procedure and/or attend the Holders' meeting. A decision to pass the resolution to amend the Terms and Conditions, as proposed in this Notice, shall be taken as one resolution and requires support of % of the aggregate replies received in the written procedure and the votes cast at the meeting.
Item 8 in the agenda - Appointm ent o f members o f a Hoiders'com m ittee
A decisions on item 8 in the agenda can be taken if Holders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the Holders' meeting.

Voting in the written procedure
As an alternative to participate at the meeting in person or via a duly authorized representative, Holders may vote on proposal 7.2 regarding amendment and restatement of the Terms and Conditions in a written procedure by completing and sending the written resolution voting form attached as Appendix 1 to the Agent.
When voting in the written procedure Holders must approve or reject proposal 7.2 as set out in this Notice in its entirety and cannot make modifications to the wording of the proposal.
Please note that it is not possible to vote on the appointment of members to the Holders' committee in the written procedure. Holders that would like to vote on the appointment of members of the Holders' committee must attend the Holders' meeting in person or via a representative.
The Agent must receive the voting form no later than by 17:00 (CET) on 24 February 2015 by mail, via courier or e-mail to the addresses indicated below. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded.

By regular mail:
CorpNordic Sweden AB Att: Jon Ostrem PO Box 162 85 103 25 Stockholm
By email: trustee@corpnordic.com

By courier:
CorpNordic Sweden AB Att: Jon Ostrem Sergels Torg 12, 12th floor 111 57 Stockholm

Notification to participate in the physical meeting required
Holders who wish to participate (in person or represented by proxy) in the Holders' meeting must notify the Agent of their participation in the meeting no later than on 19 February 2015. The notifications shall be sent by e-mail to trustee@corpnordic.com.
The notification shall state the Holder's name, birth date or company registration number, the number of Bonds held and, where applicable, information about representatives or assistants. If evidence of ownership needs to be provided (please see above under

8

CorpNordic
"Requirements to participate" for information), such evidence shall be attached. A proxy form where an individual can be authorized to participate is attached in Appendix 4. If Bonds are held by a legal entity, the right to act on behalf of the Holder shall be proven through complete authorization documents, such as powers of attorney, board minutes, registration certificates or corresponding documents. The relevant documents shall be submitted in original or in certified copies.
Stockholm, 6 February 2015 CorpNordic Sweden AB as Agent
For further questions you may contact: The Agent: CorpNordic Sweden AB, Carl Brodén, Sara Olsson or Jon Östrem Tel: +46 8 402 72 00, or email: trustee@corpnordic.com The Company: Trigon Agri A/S, Ulo Adamson Tel: +372 66 79 200, or email: mail@trigonagri.com
9

