Notice to Oslo Stock Exchange 29 September 2015
Solor Bioenergi Holding AB (publ) - Notice to written procedure
Solor Bioenergi Holding AB (publ) (the "Issuer") is the parent company of Solør Bioenergi Holding AS. On 12 August 2015, the Issuer issued a press release containing information that the Issuer had initiated the process of listing its Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2019 (ISIN SE 000599968.7) (the "SEK Bonds") on Nasdaq Stockholm. The listing of the SEK Bonds with Nasdaq OMX (or another regulated market) by 30 September 2015 is a requirement under the terms of the SEK Bonds. As previously communicated, the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway resolved on 26 August 2015 that Oslo Børs shall delist the Issuer's NOK 650,000,000 bonds (the "NOK Bonds") from listing on Oslo Børs. The Issuer appealed this decision and on 10 September 2015, the Ministry of Finance decided to suspend the decision to delist the NOK Bonds until the appeal has been finally settled. It is not possible to predict how long the appeal process will take. The Issuer has concluded that it will not be possible to successfully carry out a listing process of the SEK bonds while the appeal process relating to the NOK Bonds is ongoing. The delay in the process will entail that the Issuer is unable to fulfil its obligation to list the SEK Bonds by 30 September 2015. The Issuer will therefore, for the time being, withdraw the application to list the SEK Bonds with Nasdaq OMX. Furthermore, the Issuer will continue to report information to the market in English in line with the rules and regulations generally applicable for listed bonds in Sweden. The Issuer will instruct the agent under the SEK Bonds to initiate a written procedure to seek a waiver in relation to the above obligation.
The Solør Bioenergy Group comprises bioenergy companies which are providing essential energy services in Sweden and Norway. The Group produces wood-based bioenergy for the public and private sector including private households, municipalities, industrial customers and local/regional governments. As a leading bioenergy company, the Group is operating in the entire value chain from procurement, production and distribution to sale of energy in form of district heating, industrial steam, electricity and various biomass products.
Stockholm, 29 September 2015
Contact: Daniel Jilkén, CLO Phone +41 76 761 27 90, email daniel.jilken@solorbioenergi.com

