TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREX BANK AKTIEBOLAG SEK 250,000,000
SUBORDINATED FLOATING RATE TIER 2 BONDS DUE 2027
ISIN: SE0009189343
Issue Date: 1 February 2017
The distribution o f this document and the private placement o f the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to
inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, as amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States o fAmerica or to, orfo r the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION...............................................................................1 2. STATUS OF THE BONDS.................................................................................................. 6 3. USE OF PROCEEDS...........................................................................................................6 4. THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY.............................................................................7 5. BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM...................................................................................... 7 6. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER................................................................... 8 7. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS..................................................................... 8 8. INTEREST............................................................................................................................9 9. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS.................................................... 9 10. LISTING..............................................................................................................................11 11. FINANCIAL REPORTING ETCETERA............................................................................. 11 12. TERMINATION OF THE BONDS ETCETERA.................................................................12 13. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS...................................................................................... 12 14. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS...............................................................................................13 15. HOLDERS' MEETING...................................................................................................... 16 16. WRITTEN PROCEDURE..................................................................................................17 17. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS...................................................................................... 18 18. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT...............................................18 19. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT.............................. 22 20. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD ................................................... 22 21. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS.............................................................................23 22. TIME-BAR...........................................................................................................................23 23. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES................................................................................ 23 24. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.....................................................24 25. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION........................................................................24

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREX BANK AKTIEBOLAG
SEK 250,000,000 SUBORDINATED FLOATING RATE TIER 2 BONDS DUE 2027 ISIN: SE0009189343

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Accounting Principles" means international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).

"Additional Tier 1 Instruments" means Additional Tier 1 instruments (Sw. primärkapitaltillskott) as defined in Part Two, Title 1, Chapter 3 of the Capital Requirements Regulation.

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

"Agent" means the Holders' agent under these Terms and Conditions from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90, Stockholm, Sweden.

"Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.

"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and o f the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 o f the Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.

1

"Branch" means the Norwegian (reg. no. 985090882), the Finnish (reg. no. 1904387-9), the Danish (reg. no. 27748562) and the British (reg. no. BR018745) branches of the Issuer (or any other branch of the Issuer from time to time).
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Capital Disqualification Event" means that, at any time after the Issue Date, there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Bonds that would be likely to result in the exclusion of the Bonds from the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer or reclassification of the Bonds as a lower quality form of regulatory capital, provided that:
(a) the Swedish FSA considers such a change to be sufficiently certain; and
(b) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Swedish FSA that the regulatory reclassification of the Bonds was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date.
"Capital Regulations" means, at any time, regulations, directives, guidelines or similar of the EU and its institutions, including the Capital Requirements Regulation and any delegated act adopted by the European Commission thereunder, as well as the legal acts, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy issued by the Swedish Parliament, the Swedish Government, the Swedish FSA and/or any European successor then in effect.
"Capital Requirements Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012.
"Common Equity Tier 1 Instruments" means Common Equity Tier 1 instruments (Sw. kärnprimärkapitalinstrument) as defined in Part Two, Title 1, Chapter 2 of the Capital Requirements Regulation.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB, reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O.Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 12.1.
"Final Redemption Date" means the date falling ten (10) years after the Issue Date, 1 February 2027.
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument).
2

"First Call Date" means the date falling five (5) years after the Issue Date.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 24.1.
"Group" means the Issuer (including its Branches) and Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 15 {Holders 'Meeting).
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Holders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clause 8.1-8.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 1 February, 1 May, 1 August and 1 November, each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 1 May 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date being the final Redemption Date).
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (but excluding) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means a floating rate of STIBOR (3 months) plus 5.65 per cent, per annum.
"Issue Date" means 1 February 2017.
"Issuer" means Forex Bank Aktiebolag, reg. no. 516406-0104, Komhamnstorg 4, SE-111 27, Stockholm, Sweden.
"Issuing Agent" means Carnegie Investment Bank AB, reg. no. 516406-0138, SE-103 38, Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm Aktiebolag, reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.4.
3

"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint

venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or

any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a

separate legal personality.

*

"Quotation Day" means, in relation to (i) an Interest Period for which an Interest Rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or in respect of the first Interest Period, two (2) Business Days before the Issue Date), or (ii) any other period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.

"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 13 {Distribution o f proceeds), (iv) the date of a Holders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.

"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed in accordance with Clause 9 {Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds).

"Regulated Market" means Nasdaq Stockholm or any other regulated market (Sw. reglerad marknad) (as defined in the Securities Market Act).

"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.

"Securities Market Act" means the Swedish Securities Market Act {lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden).

"SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Sole Bookrunner" means Carnegie Investment Bank AB, reg. no. 516406-0138, SE-103 38, Stockholm, Sweden.
"STIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Nasdaq Stockholm's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in SEK and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of SEK one hundred million (100,000,000) for the relevant period; or

4

1.2 1.2.1
1.2.2

(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to item (b) above, the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero (0), STTBOR will be deemed to be zero (0).
"Subsidiary" means, a subsidiary of the Issuer according to Chapter 1 Section 11 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) (or under such provision as may replace this provision).
"Swedish FSA" means the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen).
"Tax Event" means that, at any time after the Issue Date, there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Bonds which the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Swedish FSA is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date.
"Tier 2 Instruments" means Tier 2 instruments (Sw. supplementärkapitalinstrument) as defined in Part Two, Title 1, Chapter 4 of the Capital Requirements Regulation.
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Holders in accordance with Clause 16 ( Written Procedure).
Construction
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:
(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department, regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;
(d) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Riksbank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
5

1.2.3 1.2.4 2. 2.1
2.2
2.3
2.4
2.5 2.6 2.7 3. 3.1

A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
STATUS OF THE BONDS
The Bonds will constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer. The Bonds constitute wholly subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. In the event of liquidation (Sw. liJcvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) of the Issuer, the claims of the Holders shall in respect of the Bonds be subordinated to the claims of any depositors and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer in respect of such obligations, but rank pari passu with the claims of any holders of other subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of such obligations, and rank in priority to the claims of any holders of Common Equity Tier 1 Instruments, any other class of share capital or Additional Tier 1 Instruments o f the Issuer in respect o f such obligations.
The Issuer reserves the right to issue further subordinated bonds and other subordinated obligations in the future, which shall rank pari passu with the Bonds, as well as any capital instruments issued as Common Equity Tier 1 Instruments or Additional Tier 1 Instruments o f the Issuer, which shall rank junior to the Bonds.
No Holder who in the event of the liquidation (Sw. liJcvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) of the Issuer is indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Bonds held by such Holder.
The Nominal Amount of each Bond is SEK one million (1,000,000). The Total Nominal Amount of the Bonds is SEK two hundred and fifty million (250,000,000). All Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100) per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Terms and Conditions and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such agreement.
USE OF PROCEEDS
The Bonds shall constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer and the proceeds from the issue of the Bonds shall be used (after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Sole Bookrunner and the Issuing Agent and their professional advisors

6

for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds) for general corporate purposes of the Issuer.

4.

THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY

4.1

Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions

required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

4.2

The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and

Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all

Bond transferees upon completed transfer.

4.3

Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions

relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.

4.4

No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public

offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other

material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where

action for that purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any

applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to,

e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each

Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.

4.5

For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has

purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless

utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its

full rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.

5.

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

5.1

The Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective Securities Accounts and no

physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with

the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be

directed to an Account Operator.

5.2

Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions o f the Swedish Code on Parents

and Children (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or

otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their

entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

5.3

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be

entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in

respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such

information and provide it to the Agent.

5.4

For the purpose o f or in connection with any Holders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the

Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD

in respect of the Bonds. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information from such debt

7

register as contemplated under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing Agent shall at the request of the Agent obtain information from the debt register and provide it to the Agent.
The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Holders.
At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing Agent to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and provide it to the Agent.
The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) may use the information referred to in Clause 5.3 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and shall not disclose such information to any Holder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER
If any Person other than a Holder wishes to exercise any rights under these Terms and Conditions, it must obtain a power of attorney (or, if applicable, a coherent chain of powers of attorney), a certificate from the authorised nominee or other sufficient proof of authorisation for such Person.
A Holder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under these Terms and Conditions in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Holder.
The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 6.1 and 6.2 and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.
PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS
Any payment or repayment under these Terms and Conditions, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Holder on the Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.
If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal and Interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account; such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as

Holders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

7.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such

payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall

accme in accordance with Clause 8.4 during such postponement.

7.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 7, the Issuer and the CSD

shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such

payment was made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Issuer or the

CSD (as applicable) was aware of that the payment was being made to a Person not entitled

to receive such amount.

7.5

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the

issue of the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent

required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax

payable pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable to reimburse any stamp duty or public

fee or to gross-up any payments under these Terms and Conditions by virtue of any

withholding tax.

8.

INTEREST

8.1

The Bonds will bear Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but

excluding, the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date.

8.2

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall

be made quarterly in arrear to the Holders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding

Interest Period.

8.3

Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in

respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).

8.4

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under these Terms and Conditions on its

due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from, but excluding, the due

date up to and including the date of actual payment at a rate which is two hundred

(200) basis points higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be

capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to

the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

9.

REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS

9.1

Redemption at maturity

The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date (or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day and if permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations, on the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention, and otherwise on the first following Business Day) with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accmed but unpaid Interest.

9

9.2

Consent from the Swedish FSA

The Issuer may not, other than as explicitly set forth in this Clause 9, redeem or purchase any outstanding Bonds prior to the Final Redemption Date. Any such redemption or repurchase prior to the Final Redemption Date shall always be subject to the prior consent of the Swedish FSA and in accordance with the Capital Regulations.

9.3

Issuer's purchase of Bonds

The Issuer may as of the First Call Date, and subject to Clause 9.2 (Consent from the Swedish FSA) and applicable law, at any time purchase Bonds. The Bonds so purchased by the Issuer must be cancelled immediately by the Issuer and may not be retained or sold.

9.4

Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)

The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, redeem all (but not only some) outstanding Bonds on (i) the First Call Date or (ii) any Interest Payment Date falling after the First Call Date, subject to Clause 9.2 (Consent from the Swedish FSA) and to giving notice in accordance with Clause 9.8 (Notice o f early redemption).

9.5

Early redemption upon occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event

The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, redeem all (but not only some) outstanding Bonds on any Interest Payment Date if a Capital Disqualification Event occurs prior to the First Call Date, subject to Clause 9.2 (Consent from the Swedish FSA) and to giving notice in accordance with Clause 9.8 {Notice o f early redemption).

9.6

Early redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event

The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, redeem all (but not only some) outstanding Bonds on any Interest Payment Date if a Tax Event occurs prior to the First Call Date, subject to Clause 9.2 {Consentfrom the Swedish FSA) and to giving notice in accordance with Clause 9.8 {Notice o f early redemption).

9.7

Early redemption amount

The Bonds shall be redeemed by the Issuer at a price per Bond equal to one hundred (100) per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.

9.8

Notice of early redemption

Redemption in accordance with Clauses 9.4 {Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)), 9.5 {Early redemption upon the occurrence o f a Capital Disqualification Event) and 9.6 {Early redemption upon the occurrence o f a Tax Event) shall be made by giving not less than twenty (20) nor more than sixty (60) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent in accordance with Clause 22.1 {Notices), following the prior approval of the Swedish FSA. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds at the applicable amounts specified above in Clause 9.7 {Early redemption amount).

10

10. 10.1 10.2 11. 11.1
11.2 11.2.1

LISTING
The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Bonds are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issue Date and in any case no later than sixty (60) calendar days after the Issue Date, and that they remain admitted or, if such listing is not possible to obtain or maintain, listing on another Regulated Market.
The Issuer shall, following the listing, take all actions on its part to maintain the admission as long as any Bonds are outstanding, however not longer than up to and including the last day on which the listing reasonably can, pursuant to the then applicable regulations of the Regulated Market and the CSD, subsist.
FINANCIAL REPORTING ETCETERA
The Issuer shall:
(a) prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, to the Agent and on its website not later than four (4) months after the expiry of each financial year;
(b) prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, to the Agent and on its website not later than two (2) months after the expiry of each relevant interim period;
(c) keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including documents amending these Terms and Conditions) available on its website;
(d) prepare the financial reports (set forth in Clause 11.1 (a) and (b)) in accordance with the Accounting Principles and make them available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) (as amended from time to time) and the Securities Market Act.
Agent Agreement
The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agent Agreement:
(a) pay fees to the Agent;
(b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;
(c) furnish to the Agent all information reasonably requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and
(d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agent Agreement.

11

11.2.2 11.3 12. 12.1
12.2
12.3 12.4 13. 13.1

The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agent Agreement without the prior consent of the Holders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Holders.
CSD related undertakings
The Issuer shall keep the Bonds affiliated with a CSD and comply with all CSD regulations applicable to the Issuer from time to time.
TERMINATION OF THE BONDS ETCETERA
The Holders have no right to accelerate the Bonds or otherwise request prepayment or redemption of the principal amount of the Bonds or accelerate future scheduled payments of Interest, except through instructing the Agent in accordance with Clause 12.2 and only following the occurrence o f any o f the following events (each an "Event of Default"):
(a) the Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, unless the non-payment is remedied within five (5) Business Days o f the due date;
(b) the Issuer is placed into bankruptcy (Sw.försatt i konkurs); or
(c) the Issuer is subject of liquidation proceedings (Sw. trätt i likvidation)
If an Event of Default has occurred, the Agent is, following the instructions of the Holders, authorized to (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not only some, of the Bonds due for payment together with any other amounts payable under the Terms and Conditions, immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Terms and Conditions, provided however that in the case of a non-payment pursuant to Clause 12.1 (a), without the prior consent of the Swedish FSA, the Issuer is only required to make a payment after being placed into bankruptcy (Sw.försatt i konkurs) or being subject of liquidation (Sw. trätt i likvidation).
The Issuer shall as soon as possible notify the Agent of the occurrence of an Event of Default and the Agent shall notify the Holders of an Event of Default as soon as possible when the Agent received actual knowledge of the Event of Default.
In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds upon an Event of Default, the Bonds shall be redeemed by the Issuer at a price per Bond equal to one hundred (100) per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
All payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Terms and Conditions following an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 12 (Termination o f the Bonds etcetera), shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent, (ii) other costs, expenses and 12

indemnities relating to the termination o f the Bonds or the protection o f the Holders' rights, (iii) any non-reimbursed costs incurred by the Agent for external experts, and (iv) any non-reimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Terms and Conditions.

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

13.2

If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in

Clause 13.1, such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a

corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 13.1.

13.3

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of

the Bonds constitute escrow funds according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181)

om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of

the Holders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such

funds in accordance with this Clause 13 as soon as reasonably practicable.

13.4

If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 13, the Issuer or the

Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15)

Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the

payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due

but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 7.1 shall apply.

14.

DECISIONS BY HOLDERS

14.1

A request by the Agent for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and

Conditions shall (at the discretion of the Agent) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by

way of a Written Procedure.

14.2

Any request from the Issuer or a Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10) per cent,

of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a Person who

is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is

received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them jointly) for a

decision by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the form for

13

decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Holders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting.

14.3

The Agent may refrain from convening a Holders' Meeting or instigating a Written

Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the

Holders and such Person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii)

the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

14.4

Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation pursuant to Clause 6 {Right to act on behalf o f a Holder) from a Person who is,

registered as a Holder:

(a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Holders' Meeting, in respect of a Holders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 16.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Holder at such Holders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.

14.5

The following matters shall require consent of Holders representing at least two thirds (2/3)

of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for

which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given

pursuant to Clause 16.3:

(a) a change to Clause 2 {Status o f the Bonds);

(b) a change to the Nominal Amount, Interest Rate or Interest which shall be paid by the Issuer;

(c) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 13 {Distribution o fproceeds);

(d) an extension of the tenor of the Bonds or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Bonds;

(e) a mandatory exchange of the Bonds for other securities;

(f) an amendment to the provision in this Clause 14.5;

(g) early redemption of the Bonds, other than upon an acceleration of the Bonds pursuant to Clause 12 {Termination o f the Bonds etcetera) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.

14.6

Any matter not covered by Clause 14.5 shall require the consent of Holders representing

more than fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting

at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with

14

14.7 14.8
14.9
14.10 14.11 14.12 14.13
14.14

the instructions given pursuant to Clause 16.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to or waiver of the Terms and Conditions that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment or waiver permitted pursuant to Clause 17.1 (a), (b) or (c)) or a termination of the Bonds.
If the number of votes or replies are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Issuer, according to the chairman at a Holders' Meeting or the Agent in a Written Procedure, will prevail. The chairman at a Holders' Meeting shall be appointed by the Holders in accordance with Clause 14.6.
Quorum at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Holder (or Holders) representing at least twenty (20) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 15.1) or instigate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 16.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 14.8 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
If any matter decided in accordance with this Clause 14 would require consent from the Swedish FSA, such consent shall be sought by the Issuer and such decision shall be subject to such consent.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Holder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Holders that consent at the relevant Holders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Holders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Holders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Holders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Holders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Holders.

15

14.15 14.16
14.17
15. 15.1 15.2 15.3
15.4 15.5

All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Holders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company.
Information about decisions taken at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Holders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Holder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
HOLDERS' MEETING
The Agent shall convene a Holders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Holder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). If the Holders' Meeting has been requested by the Holder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer.
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 15.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Holders pursuant to Clause 18.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 15.1.
The notice pursuant to Clause 15.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Holders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Holders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Holders be required in order to attend the Holders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
The Holders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' Meeting within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the

16

register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Holders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person.
At a Holders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/attomeys) and the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/ attorney shall attend the Holders' Meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/ attorney shall present a duly executed power of attorney or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.
Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Holders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Holders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
WRITTEN PROCEDURE
The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person who is registered as a Holder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent. If the Written Procedure has been requested by the Holder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the communication to the Issuer.
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 16.1 to each Holder with a copy to the Agent.
A communication pursuant to Clause 16.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Holders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a Person must be registered as a Holder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the communication pursuant to Clause 16.1), (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Holder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than twenty (20) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 16.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written Procedure within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD.
When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clause 14.5 and 14.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall
17

17. 17.1
17.2 17.3 17.4
17.5 18. 18.1 18.1.1

be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 14.5 or 14.6, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Holders) may agree to amend these Terms and Conditions or waive any provision in these Terms and Conditions, provided that:
(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Holders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority;
(c) such amendment or waiver is necessary for the purpose of listing the Bonds on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) provided such amendment or waiver does not materially adversely affect the rights o f the Holders; or
(d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Holders in accordance with Clause 14 {Decisions by Holders).
If any action in accordance with Clause 17.1 would require consent from the Swedish FSA, such consent shall be sought by the Issuer.
The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment or waiver to these Terms and Conditions. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver.
The Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 17.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment or waiver to these Terms and Conditions shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders' Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT
Appointment of Agent
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and these Terms and Conditions, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By

18

18.1.2
18.1.3 18.1.4 18.1.5 18.2 18.2.1
18.2.2
18.2.3 18.2.4 18.2.5

acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), as the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose o f exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, and the Agent's obligations as agent under these Terms and Conditions are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent.
Upon request by a Holder, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Holders any information from such Holder which relates to the Bonds (at the discretion of the Agent). The Agent may require that the requesting Holder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.
When acting in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under these Terms and Conditions.
The Agent shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any

19

18.2.6 18.2.7
18.2.8 18.2.9 18.2.10
18.2.11 18.3 18.3.1

other Person, other than as explicitly stated in these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement.
The Agent shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions or (iii) when the Agent is to make a determination under these Terms and Conditions. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 13 {Distribution o fproceeds).
The Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
The Agent shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under these Terms and Conditions by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under these Terms and Conditions or the Agent Agreement, or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 18.2.10.
Limited liability for the Agent
The Agent will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.

20

18.3.2 18.3.3 18.3.4 18.3.5 18.4 18.4.1 18.4.2 18.4.3
18.4.4

The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Holders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Holders.
The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to these Terms and Conditions to be paid by the Agent to the Holders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
The Agent shall have no liability to the Holders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Holders given in accordance with Clause 14 (Decisions by Holders).
Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, these Terms and Conditions shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions.
Replacement of the Agent
Subject to Clause 18.4.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Holders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure instigated by the retiring Agent.
Subject to Clause 18.4.6, if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
A Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a Holders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Holders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure instigated by it, propose to the Holders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
If the Holders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Holders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.

21

18.4.5 18.4.6 18.4.7
18.4.8
19. 19.1 19.2
20. 20.1 20.2

The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under these Terms and Conditions.
The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of these Terms and Conditions but shall remain entitled to the benefit of these Terms and Conditions and remain liable under these Terms and Conditions in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under these Terms and Conditions as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 18.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD
The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to the CSD.
The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Holder or the listing of the Bonds listed on the corporate bond list of

22

21. 21.1
21.2 22. 22.1
22.2
23. 23.1 23.1.1

Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market). The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Securities Market Act.
NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS
A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or a Subsidiary to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or a Subsidiary in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.
Clause 21.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Holders to take certain actions but is legally unable to take such actions.
TIME-BAR
The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment has been time-barred and has become void.
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to the right to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised Interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period, as such date isdetermined pursuant to the provisions of theSwedish Act on Limitations.
NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made underor in connection with the Terms and Conditions:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address as notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Agent, to such email address as notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and
(c) if to the Holders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, (or in relation to courier or personal delivery, if such address is a box address, the
23

23.1.2
23.1.3 24. 24.1
24.2 24.3 24.4 25. 25.1 25.2 25.3

addressee reasonably assumed to be associated with such box address), on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Holders. A notice to the Holders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
Any notice or other communication made by one Person to another under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 23.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 23.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 23.1.1.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
The provisions in this Clause 24 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions o f the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.
Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first instance.
The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the Agent (or the Holders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.

24

We hereby certify that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon ourselves.

Place: i A & M lÅ^L 5^1 f - 0 (- %

i/
FOREX BANK AKTIEBOLAG

as Issuer /

/

Name: Anders Scherlund
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place:
NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL) as Agent

Name:

We hereby certify that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place:
FOREX BANK AKTIEBOLAG as Issuer
Name:

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent they refer to us.

Place: ^j^V^V'lciVVV

^ 0\

NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL)

25

