1(2)
AMENDMENT LETTER
This amendment letter {the "Letter") is entered into on August 2015 between:
(A) Func Food Group Oy (the "Issuer"); and
(B) Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) (the "Trustee").
The Issuer and the Trustee are hereinafter referred to as the "Parties" and each a "Party".
Capitalized terms used herein shall unless otherwise indicated have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions (as defined below).
1. BACKGROUND
On 25 June 2015, the Issuer and the Trustee entered into the Terms and Conditions for the EUR 38,000,000 Senior Secured Bonds, ISIN: SE0007186150, issued by the Issuer (the "Terms and Conditions").
The Parties are now entering into this Letter in order to amend the definition of "EURIBOR" in the Terms and Conditions as set forth below.
2. AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
On the basis of Clause 20 (Amendments and Waivers) of the Terms and Conditions, the Parties hereby agree that the EURIBOR definition, in section 1.1 (Definitions) of the Terms and Conditions, is amended as follows:
"EURIBOR" means: (a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Reuters screen EURIBOR01 (or through another system or website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Quotation.Day for the offering of deposits in Euro and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places), as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by Nordea Bank AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (or such other banks as may be appointed by the Issuing Agent in consultation with the Issuer), for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Euro offered for the relevant period; and
(d) if any such rate is below zero, EURIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
W/5669270/vl

2(2)
3. MISCELLANEOUS Except as otherwise provided in this Letter, the Terms and Conditions shall remain unchanged in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. This Letter is designated as a Finance Document. 4. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION Clause 27 (Governing law and jurisdiction) of the Terms and Conditions shall apply to this Letter mutatis mutandis. The Issuer Func Food Group Oy
By: The Trustee Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) By:
W/5669270/vl

2(2)

3. MISCELLANEOUS
Except as otherwise provided in this Letter, the Terms and Conditions shall remain unchanged in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.
This Letter is designated as a Finance Document.
4. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
Clause 27 {Governing law and jurisdiction) of the Terms and Conditions shall apply to this Letter mutatis mutandis.

The Issuer Func Food Group Oy

By:

By:

The Trustee Nordic Trust

cy AB (publ) (acting on behalf of the Bondholders)

By:

Erik Saers

Managing director

Nordic Trustee &Agency AB

W/5669270/vl

