Stockholm, 27 June 2018
To the Noteholders in:
ISIN: SE0007982798 - Matsorower AB (publ) SEK 150,000,000 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes
NOTICE OF WRITTEN PROCEDURE - REQUEST OF APPROVAL OF AMENDMENTS
This voting request for procedure in writing ("Written Procedure") has been sent on
27 June 2018 to Noteholders directly registered on 26 June 2018 in the debt register
(Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD. If you are a nominee under the Central Securities
Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act or if you otherwise are holding
Notes on behalf of someone else on a Securities Account, please forward this notice to
the holder you represent as soon as possible. For further information, please see below
under Section 5.3 (Voting rights and authorisation).
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) acts as agent (the "Agent") for the holders of the notes (the "Noteholders") in the above mentioned note issue ISIN SE0007982798 (with an aggregate amount outstanding of SEK 150,000,000) (the "Notes") issued by Matsorower AB (publ) (the "Issuer"). In its capacity as Agent, and as requested by the Issuer, the Agent hereby convenes the Noteholders to a Written Procedure, whereby Noteholders can vote for or against the Request (as defined below).
All capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this notice (the "Notice") shall have the meanings assigned to them in the terms and conditions for the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions").
Noteholders participate by completing and sending the voting form, attached hereto as Schedule 1 (the "Voting Form"), and, if applicable, the power of attorney/authorisation, attached hereto as Schedule 2 (the "Power of Attorney") (in accordance with the instructions set out in Section 5.4 (Notes registered with a nominee)) to the Agent). Any person other than a Noteholder may participate by completing and sending the Voting Form, provided that such person has received a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Noteholder as described in more detail in Clause 6 ("Right to act on behalfo f a Noteholder") of the Terms and Condition. Please contact the securities firm you hold your Notes through if you do not know how your Notes are registered or if you need authorisation or other assistance to participate.
The Agent must receive the Voting Form no later than 17:00 (CET) on 23 July 2018 either by regular mail, courier or e-mail to the Agent using the contact details set out in Section 5.7 (Address for sending replies) below. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded. To be eligible to participate in the Written Procedure, a person must meet the criteria for being a Noteholder on 2 July 2018 (the "Record Date"). This means that the person must be registered on a Securities Account with the CSD, as a direct registered owner (Sw. direktregistrerad ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to one or several Notes. The information in this Notice (including enclosures) is provided by the Issuer, and the Agent expressly disclaims all liability whatsoever related to the contents of this Notice and the Request (as defined below).

1. Background
The Issuer has informed the Agent that the Issuer and a majority holder, holding approximately 86.5 per cent. of the total Nominal Amount (the "Majority Holder") have informally agreed that certain amendments shall be made to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in respect of Clause 9.4 of the Terms and Conditions.
The Issuer and the Majority Holder have also agreed that the Issuer shall pay a consent fee, as further described under Section 3 below, to the beneficial holders, provided that the proposed amendments described in Section 2 below are approved no later than 2 July 2018.
This Written Procedure has been initiated by the Issuer in order to formally document the Majority Holder's approval of the amendments to the Terms and Condition already agreed upon.
2. Proposals
2.1 Amendments of the Terms and Conditions
The Issuer proposes that the Terms and Conditions are amended in accordance with the following where blue and underlined text indicates additions whereas red and crossedout text indicates removals.
Clause 9.4 - Mandatory partial redemption in June-August 2018
(a) The Issuer shall redeem the Total Nominal Amount with an amount equal to SEK eighty million one hundred thousand (80,100,000).
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4(a) shall be made as partial redemption of all, but not only some, of the Notes by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata. The repayment per Note shall equal SEK 534,000 together with accrued but unpaid Interest (including any Accrued PIK Interest) in respect of the redeemed amount. The redemption shall be made on 30 June 31 August 2018 and the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on the Redemption Date will be 25 June 24 August 2018.
2.2 Request
The Noteholders are hereby requested to approve the amendments to the Terms and Conditions set out in Section 2.1 above (the "Request").
2.3 Effective Date
The Request shall be deemed approved immediately when the voting period has elapsed and the required majority set forth in Section 5.6 has been received or if earlier, when a requisite majority of consents of the Total Nominal Amount have been received by the Agent (however not earlier than the Business Day following the Record Date).
In order to implement and effectuate the Request, (i) the Issuer and the Agent shall enter into amended and restated Terms and Conditions when the Request has been approved and (ii) the Issuer shall in connection therewith provide a certificate which shall contain
2 (8)

confirmations relating to a group structure chart and the Security provided for the Secured Obligations (the "Confirmation Certificate") to the Agent and the Majority Holder, as requested by the Majority Holder. Unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Agent, the amended and restated Terms and Conditions shall enter into force and become effective on the date the amended and restated Terms and Conditions have been signed and the Issuer has delivered the Confirmation Certificate. In addition to the aforementioned, the Issuer and the Agent may agree to take any other action deemed required in order to implement the Request.
The Agent will in accordance with the Terms and Conditions notify the Noteholders of the date from which the amendments of the Terms and Conditions becomes effective.
3. Consent Fee
Subject to that a requisite majority of the holders have approved the Request no later than on 2 July 2018, as described in the background in Section 1, the Issuer will pay a consent fee in a total amount equal to 1.50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (the "Consent Fee"). The Consent Fee shall be split between the Noteholders on a pro rata basis and must be paid fifteen (15) Business Days after the date of approval of the Request. The payment shall be made through the CSD to such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the fifth (5) Business Day falling prior to the due date.
The Agent does not administer the Consent Fee and is not involved in or in any way responsible for the Consent Fee.
4. Non-reliance
The Request is presented to the Noteholders, without any evaluation, advice or recommendations from the Agent whatsoever. The Agent has not reviewed or assessed this Notice or the Request (and its effects, should it be adopted) from a legal or commercial perspective of the Noteholders and the Agent expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever related to the content of this Notice and the Request (and its effects, should it be adopted). The Noteholders are recommended to seek legal advice in order to independently evaluate whether the Request (and its effects) is acceptable or not.
5. Written Procedure
The following instructions need to be adhered to under the Written Procedure.
5.1 Final date to participate in the Written Procedure
The Agent must have received the votes by regular mail, courier or e-mail to the address indicated below no later than 17:00 (CET), 23 July 2018. Votes received thereafter may be disregarded.
5.2 Decision procedure
The Agent will determine if received replies are eligible to participate under the Written Procedure as valid votes.
When a requisite majority of consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount have been received by the Agent, the Request shall be deemed to be adopted, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired (however not earlier than
3 (8)

the Business Day following the Record Date). As the Issuer and the Majority Holder, when issuing this Notice, already have agreed to the Request, the Issuer has informed the Agent that it deems it probable that the Written Procedure will be terminated before the expiry of the time period for replies.
Information about the decision(s) taken under the Written Procedure will (i) be sent by notice to the Noteholders and (ii) be published on the websites of (a) the Issuer or the Oscar Properties Group and (b) the Agent.
A matter decided under the Written Procedure will be binding for all Noteholders, irrespective of them responding in the Written Procedure.
5.3 Voting rights and authorisation
Anyone who wishes to participate in the Written Procedure must on the Record Date 2 July 2018 be registered in the debt register as:
(a) a direct registered owner of a Securities Account; or
(b) a nominee in a Securities Account, with respect to one or several Notes.
5.4 Notes registered with a nominee
If you are not registered as a direct registered owner, but your Notes are held through a registered nominee or another intermediary, you may have two different options to influence the voting for the Notes.
(1) You can ask the nominee or other intermediary that holds the Notes on your behalf to vote in its own name as instructed by you.
(2) You can obtain a Power of Attorney (Schedule 2) or other proof of authorisation from the nominee or other intermediary or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Noteholder and send in your own Voting Form based on the authorisation.
In accordance with the Terms and Conditions, a Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Notes for which such representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Noteholder by way of a further power of attorney.
Whether one or several of these options are available to you depends on the agreement between you and the nominee or other intermediary that holds the Notes on your behalf (and the agreement between the intermediaries, if there are more than one).
The Agent recommends that you contact the securities firm that holds the Notes on your behalf for assistance, if you wish to participate in the Written Procedure and do not know how your Notes are registered or need authorisation or other assistance to participate. Notes owned by Oscar Properties or a Restricted Company do not entitle to any voting rights.
4 (8)

5.5 Quorum
In order to form a quorum, Noteholders representing at least fifty (50.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount must reply to the Request under the Written Procedure.
If a quorum does not exist, the Agent shall initiate a second Written Procedure, provided that the Issuer has confirmed that relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Issuer. No quorum requirement will apply to such second Written Procedure.
5.6 Majority
To approve the Request, at least seventy-five (75.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders reply in the Written Procedure must consent to the Request.
5.7 Address for sending replies
Return the Voting Form, Schedule 1, and, if applicable, the Power of Attorney/Authorisation in Schedule 2, by regular mail, scanned copy by e-mail, or by courier to:
By regular mail:
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) Attn: Written Procedure Matsorower AB (publ) P.O. Box 7329 SE-103 90 Stockholm
By courier:
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) Attn: Written Procedure Matsorower AB (publ) Norrlandsgatan 23 SE-111 43 Stockholm
By e-mail:
E-mail: voting.sweden@nordictrustee.com
6. FURTHER INFORMATION
For questions regarding the administration of the Written Procedure, please contact the Agent at voting.sweden@nordictrustee.com or +46 8 783 79 00.
For questions regarding the Issuer and/or the Request, please contact: Navid Rostam Khesal at navid@oscarproperties.se.
Stockholm, 27 June 2018
NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL)
As Agent
5 (8)

Schedule 1 Schedule 2

Enclosed:
V oting Form Pow er o f A ttorney/A uthorisation

6 (8)

VOTING FORM
Schedule 1
For the Noteholders' meeting by way of Written Procedure in Matsorower AB (publ) SEK 150,000,000 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes ISIN SE0007982798.
The undersigned Noteholder or authorised person/entity (the "Voting Person"), votes either For or Against the Request by marking the applicable box below.
NOTE: I f the Voting Person is not registered as Noteholder (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), the Voting Person must enclose a Power o fAttorney/Authorisation (see Schedule 2), or other proof o f authorisation as described in the Notice o f Written Procedure.
Capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Notice of Written Procedure from Matsorower AB (publ) dated 27 June 2018.

n For the Request n Against the Request

Name of the Voting Person:

Capacity of the Voting Person:

Noteholder:

Voting Person's reg.no/id.no and country of incorporation/domicile:

Securities Account number at Euroclear Sweden: (i f applicable)

Name and Securities Account number of custodian(s): (i f applicable)

Nominal Amount voted for (in SEK):

Contact person, daytime telephone number and e-mail address:



 authorised person:

Authorised signature and Name 213

Place, date:

1When voting in this capacity, no further evidence is required. 2When voting in this capacity, the person/entity voting must also enclose Power of Attorney/Authorisation (Schedule 2) from the Holder or other proof of authorisation showing the number of votes held on the Record Date (as defined in the Notice of Written Procedure from Matsorower AB (publ) dated 27 June 2018). 3 If the undersigned is not a Noteholder according the Terms and Condition and has marked the box "authorised person", the undersigned - by signing this document - confirms that the Noteholder has been instructed to refrain from voting for the number of votes cast with this Voting Form.
7

POWER OF ATTORNEY/AUTHORISATION
Schedule 2 For the Noteholders' meeting by way of Written Procedure in Matsorower AB (publ) SEK 150,000,000 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes ISIN SE0007982798. NOTE: This Power o fAttorney/Authorisation document may befilled out if the Voting Person is not registered as Noteholder on the Securities Account, held with Euroclear Sweden. Capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Notice of Written Procedure from Matsorower AB (publ) dated 27 June 2018.
Name of person/entity that is given authorisation (Sw. befullmaktigad) to vote as per the Record Date:
Nominal Amount (in SEK) the person/entity is authorised to vote for as per the Record Date:
Name of Noteholder or other intermediary giving the authorisation (Sw. fullmaktsgivaren):
We hereby confirm that the person/entity specified above (Sw. befullmaktigad) has the right to vote for the Nominal Amount set out above. We represent an aggregate Nominal Amount of: SEK______________________ We are:
n Registered as Holder on the Securities Account n Other intermediary and holds the Notes through (specify below):
Place, date:___ Fullmaktsgivare:
Name: Authorised signature of Holder/other intermediary (Sw. fullmaktsgivaren)
8

