Informationen är endast utformad på engelska. För mer information, vänligen kontakta Nordic Trustee & Agency AB.

To the Bondholders in:
ISIN: SE0005224029 - ÅR Packaging Group AB (publ) Senior Secured Callable Floating Rate Bonds 2013/2017 (the "Bonds")

NOTICE OF AMENDMENTS

Stockholm, 16 March 2015

This notice (the "Notice") has been sent on 16 March 2015 to Bondholders directly registered in the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. This Notice has also been published on the website of the Agent and on the website of the Issuer, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bonds (the "Terms and Conditions").

Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (formerly known as Swedish Trustee AB) (the "Agent") is under the Terms and Conditions appointed as Agent for the above mentioned bond issue where ÅR Packaging Group AB (publ) is the issuer (the "Issuer").
All capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this Notice shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Terms and Conditions and any reference in this Notice to a Clause shall be a reference to such Clause in the Terms and Conditions.
The Issuer has entered into an agreement to acquire the European tobacco, chocolate confectionery and consumer apparel packaging operations from MeadWestvaco Corporation. In order to finance the acquisition, the Issuer will issue subsequent bonds in an amount of EUR 35,000,000 in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. In connection with the subsequent bond issue the Issuer intends to amend the Transaction Security for the Secured Obligations to include Security pursuant to a share pledge over A&R Carton Austria GmbH and an intercompany loan pledge regarding an intercompany loan between the Issuer and A&R Carton Austria GmbH.
The Issuer has proposed that the Agent agrees to amend the Terms and Conditions, ref Clause 20(a). Since the Issuer and the Agent have deemed that the proposed amendments would not be detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders, the Issuer and the Agent agree to the amendments set out in the table below.
1

Existing wording:

New wording (added wording underlined and removed wording crossed over):

"Security Documents" means:

"Security Documents" means:

(a) the share pledge agreement regarding (a) the share pledge agreement regarding the

the shares in the Guarantors entered

shares in the Guarantors entered into between

into between the Issuer as pledgor and

the Issuer as pledgor and the Agent as

the Agent as security agent for itself

security agent for itself and on behalf of the

and on behalf of the Bondholders, on

Bondholders, on or about the date of these

or about the date of these Terms and

Terms and Conditions; and

Conditions; and

(b) the guarantee agreement pursuant to which

(b) the guarantee agreement pursuant to

each Guarantor guarantees as for its own debt

which each Guarantor guarantees as

(Sw. proprieborgen) the timely payment and

for its own debt (Sw. proprieborgen)

discharge of the Issuer's obligations under

the timely payment and discharge of

the Finance Documents, entered into between

the Issuer's obligations under the

the Guarantors as guarantors and the Agent

Finance Documents, entered into

as security agent for itself and on behalf of

between the Guarantors as guarantors

the Bondholders, on or about the date of

and the Agent as security agent for

these Terms and Conditions.;

itself and on behalf of the Bondholders, on or about the date of (c)
these Terms and Conditions.

the share pledge agreement regarding the shares in A&R Carton Austria GmbH entered into between the Issuer as pledgor and the

Agent as security agent for itself and on

behalf of the Bondholders, no later than the

date falling 60 days after the date of issuance

of any Subsequent Bonds on or about 17

March 2015; and

(d) the intercompany loan pledge agreement regarding the EUR 35,000,000 intercompany loan between the Issuer and A&R Carton Austria GmbH entered into between the Issuer as pledgor and the Agent as security agent for itself and on behalf of the Bondholders, no later than the date falling 60 days after the date of issuance of any Subsequent Bonds on or about 17 March 2015.

2

The wording after the amendment is deemed to provide better protection for the Bondholders. The amendments will be effective on 16 March 2015. The full version of the updated Terms and Conditions are published on the website of the Agent (www.stamdata.com) and on the website of the Issuer.
Stockholm, 16 March 2015 NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB
As Agent
3

