EXECUTION COPY
Terms and Conditions
Candyking Holding AB (publ) Up to SEK 900,000,000 Senior Secured Bonds
ISIEM: SE0005650918 Originally dated 24 January 2014 As amended on 27 November 2014,11 January 2017 and 28 April 2017
Other than the registration of the Bonds under Swedish law, no action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would o ris intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the
possession, circulation or distribution of this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons
into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.

I

Table of Contents

1. Definitions and Construction........................... .................... ................ ............ ........... 1

2. Status of the Bonds.................................. ................................................................... 14

3. Use of Proceeds................... ........................................... ............... ................... ........15

4. Conditions Precedent................................ .................................... ........ .......... .......... 15

5. Transfer restrictions..................... ............................................................................... 16

6. Bonds in Book-Entry Form................................................................. .......................... 17

7. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder.................................................................... 17

8. Payments in Respect of the Bonds................... .......... .......................... ......................18

9. Interest.......................... .................................................... ............................... ......... .18

10. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds..... .................

19

11. Transaction Security.........................................................

22

12. Information to Bondholders..................................................................

24

13. Incurrence Covenant................

.25

14. General Undertakings......................................................................

26

15. Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds............................................

28

16. Distribution of Proceeds.................

31

17. Decisions by Bondholders.....................

32

18. Bondholders' Meeting...............

....34

19. Written Procedure .....................................

35

20. Amendments and Waivers ...............................

-.36

21. Appointment and Replacement of the Agent................................................................ 36

22. Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent..................................... ..............40

23. No Direct Actions by Bondholders ......

40

24. Prescription...........................................

.....40

25. Notices.......................

41

26. Governing Law and Jurisdiction ................

42

1
1. Definitions and Construction
1.1 Definitions
In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds, unless all outstanding Bonds are owned by such Group Company or Affiliate, in which case the Nominal Amount of these Bonds shall not be subtracted from the Total Nominal Amount when calculating the Adjusted Nominal Amount.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than 90 days after the date of supply, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into between the Agent and the Issuer on or about the First Issue Date regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (pub!) (formerly Swedish Trustee AB (publ)), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Applicable Premium" means the higher of:
(a) 3.50 per cent, of the Nominal Amount; and
(b) an amount equal to:
(i) 103.50 per cent, of the Nominal Amount; plus
(ii) all remaining scheduled Interest Payments (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant redemption date to the First Call

2
Date will be equal to the interpolated SEK mid-swap rate for the remaining term from the redemption date until the First Call Date plus the Floating Rate Margin) on the Bonds until the First Call Date,
discounted (for the time period starting from the date the relevant Bonds are redeemed to the First Call Date) using a discount rate equal to the Swedish Government Note Rate plus 0.50 per cent; minus
(i) accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date; and
(ii) the Nominal Amount.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 18 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Bonds" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and the Subsequent Bonds.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Call Option" means the Issuer's right to redeem outstanding Bonds in full in accordance with Clause 10.3 (Voluntary Total Redemption).
"Call Option Amount" means:
(a) 100.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount plus the Applicable Premium, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised anytime before the First Call Date;
(b) 103.50 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the First Call Date to, but not including, the date falling 2.5 years after the First Issue Date;
(c) 102.75 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 2.5 years after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 3 years after the First Issue Date;
(d) 102.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 3 years after

3
the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date failing 3.5 years after the First Issue Date; and
(e) 101.25 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 3.5 years after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date.
"Cash" means, at any time, cash in hand or at bank and (in the latter case) credited to an account in the name of a Group Company with a bank and to which a Group Company is alone (or together with other Group Companies) beneficially entitled and for so long as:
(a) that cash is repayable within five (5) days after the relevant date of calculation;
(b) repayment of that cash is not contingent on the prior discharge of any other indebtedness of any Group Company or of any other person whatsoever or on the satisfaction of any other condition;
(c) there is no Security over that cash except for any Permitted Security constituted by a netting or set-off arrangement entered into by Group Companies in the ordinary course of their banking arrangements; and
(d) the cash is freely and (except as mentioned in paragraph (a) above) immediately available to be applied in repayment or prepayment of the of the indebtedness incurred under the Finance Documents.
"Cash Equivalent Investments" means, in respect of the Group, and at any time, (i) immediately available funds at bank or postal accounts and (ii) marketable debt securities held for cash management purposes that can be realised promptly and which has a credit rating of either A -l or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or F I or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody's Investor Services Limited, or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper or debt securities, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating.
"Cash Report" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 12.1(c).
"Cash Sweep Event" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.5 (Mandatory Partial Redemption due to a Cash Sweep Event).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby (i) Cloetta AB (publ) ceases to control the Issuer or (ii) one or more persons (not being an Affiliate of Cloetta AB (publ)), acting in concert, acquire control over the Issuer.
For the purpose of this definition, "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50) per cent, of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer, and "acting in concert" means a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), actively co-operate, through the acquisition directly or indirectly of shares in

4
the Issuer by any of them, either directly or indirectly, to obtain or consolidate control of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) the satisfaction of the Incurrence Test, if relevant, and (ii) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.
"Convertible Debt Instruments" means the convertible loan instruments (i) originally issued by the Issuer on 28 October 2009 to Evanoff Holding AB in an initial amount of SEK 2,743,527 and (ii) originally issued by the Issuer on 23 October 2009 to Xcaret Invest AB in an initial amount of SEK 1,630,231, each such convertible loan instrument as amended or assigned from time to time and in each case including accrued and/or capitalised interest on such instruments.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 5561128074, P.O. Box 191,101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Group;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) before taking into account any extraordinary items which are not in line with the ordinary course of business;
(d) before taking into account any Transaction Costs;
(e) not including any accrued interest owing to any member of the Group;
(f) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);
(g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;
(i) plus or minus the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and
(j) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of members of the Group.

5
"EQT" means EQT Expansion Capital I Limited, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the Island of Guernsey, with registered office at National Westminster House, Le Truchot, StPeter Port, Guernsey GY1 3RA, Channel Islands, acting in its capacity (1) as general partner of EQT Expansion Capital I (General Partner) LP, in turn acting in its capacity as general partner of EQT Expansion Capital I Limited Partnership; and (2) as manager of the EQT Expansion Capital I Co-Investment Scheme on the second part.
"Equity Listing Event" means an initial public offering of shares in the Issuer, after which such shares shall be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.
"Escrow Account" means a bank account of the Issuer held with a reputable bank, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Agent and the Bondholders (represented by the Agent) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Security Agent on or about the First Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Secured Creditors.
"Existing Guarantees" means all guarantees provided in relation to the Refinancing Debt.
"Existing Security" means all security provided in relation to the Refinancing Debt.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in any of the Clauses 15.1 (Non-Payment) to and including Clause 15.9 (Continuation of the Business).
"Final Maturity Date" means 29 January 2018.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents, the Guarantee Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Agency Agreement and any other document designated to be a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Agent.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:
(a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles applicable on the First Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability);
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(d) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

6
(e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account, provided that if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(f) any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) · (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(f).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument).
"Financial Report" means the Group's annual audited financial statements or quarterly interim unaudited reports, which shall be prepared and made available in accordance with Clause 12.1 [Information from the Issuer).
"First Call Date" means the date falling two (2) years after the First Issue Date.
"First Issue Date" means 29 January 2014.
"Floating Rate Margin" means 5.00 percent.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Guarantee Agreement" means the guarantee agreement dated on or about the date of these Terms and Conditions between the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Agent pursuant to which the Guarantors guarantee the Secured Obligations.
"Guarantees" means the guarantees provided by the Guarantors under the Guarantee Agreement.
"Guarantors" means each Security Subsidiary.
"Incurrence Test" means the test of the financial incurrence covenants as set out in Clause 13 (Incurrence Covenant).
"Initial Bonds" means the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in

7
any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement dated on or about the First Issue Date initially between, among others, the Issuer, AccentTwo Holding Ltd, the Security Subsidiaries, the Agent, the Security Agent and the Working Capital Creditors, as amended from time to time.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 9(a) to 9(d).
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
"Interest Payment Date" means 29 January, 29 April, 29 July and 29 October of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 29 April 2014 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means STIBOR plus the Floating Rate Margin per annum.
"Issuer" means Candyking Holding AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden, whose registered office is Box 729, Telegrafvagen 8,169 27, Solna, with Swedish Reg. No. 556738-8219.
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556206-8956, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ. OMX Stockholm or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole;
(b) the Obligors' ability to perform and comply with the Finance Documents; or
(c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.

8
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Group Company representing more than ten (10.00) per cent, of the total assets or EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest accrued and/or capitalised on Subordinated Loans), commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid or payable by any member of the Group according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) other than Transaction Costs, after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt less Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments of the Group in accordance with the applicable Accounting Principles of the Group (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding Subordinated Loans and accrued and/or capitalised interest on Subordinated Loans).
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Bonds after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Sole Bookrunner and Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2(c).
"Obligors" means the Issuer and each Guarantor.
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) of the Group incurred under the Bonds;
(b) of the Group incurred pursuant to any financial leasing arrangements incurred in the ordinary course of the Group's business, not exceeding an aggregate amount of SEK 20,000,000;
(c) taken up from a Group Company;
(d) incurred in the ordinary course of business under Advance Purchase Agreements;
(e) arising under a foreign exchange transaction for spot or forward delivery entered into in connection with protection against fluctuation in currency rates where that foreign exchange exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions, but not a foreign exchange transaction for investment or speculative purposes;
(f) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to that such acquired entity holds indebtedness, provided that the Incurrence Test is met, tested pro forma, including the acquired entity in question;

9
(g) incurred under any Subordinated Loan;
(h) incurred by the Issuer if such Financial Indebtedness meets the Incurrence Test, tested pro forma, including such incurrence, and (i) is incurred as a result of issuance of Subsequent Bonds by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, or (ii) ranks pari passu or is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, and has a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or installment dates which occur after the Final Maturity Date;
(i) relating to guarantees existing on the First Issue Date in a maximum amount of SEK 10,000,000 for a period of six (6) months from the First Issue Date; and
(j) not permitted by (a)-(i) above, and related to the Working Capital Facility or any working capital facility replacing the Working Capital Facility in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, in an aggregate maximum amount not exceeding SEK 100,000,000 (such maximum amount excluding any hedging liabilities related to any such working capital facility) at any time, except in the receivable and stock build-up period in connection with the Easter and Halloween holidays each year (however each such Easter and Halloween period not to exceed 10 weeks) during which periods the maximum aggregate amount shall not exceed SEK 120,000,000 (such maximum amount excluding any hedging liabilities related to any such working capital facility).
"Permitted Security" means any guarantee or security:
(a) created in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement;
(b) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including guarantees or security in respect of any monies borrowed or raised);
(c) being parent company guarantees granted in the ordinary course of business of the Group by a Group Company for another Group Company's obligations;
(d) provided by any entity that has been acquired pursuant to item (f) of the definition of Permitted Debt; and
(e) provided in relation to any Working Capital Facility.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Prepayment Amount" means an amount equal to the Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments held by the Group, according to the relevant Cash Report, in excess of SEK 50,000,000, rounded down so that the Nominal Amount to be prepaid per outstanding Bond pro rata pursuant to Clause 10.5 will be SEK 1,000 (or multiples thereof).

10
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Bondholders is to be made under Clause 16 (Distribution of Proceeds), (iv) the date of a Bondholders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase o f the Bonds).
"Refinancing Debt" means the bank debt with Nordea Bank Finland Pic and Pohjola Bank Pic in the approximate amount of SEK 478,000,000 (as per 30 November 2013) and the mezzanine loans with EQT Expansion Capital I Limited Partnership and EQT Expansion Capital Co-Investment Scheme in the approximate amount of maximum SEK 168,000,000, which are to be refinanced with the Net Proceeds.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
"Remaining Mezzanine Debt" means (i) the part of the Issuer's mezzanine debt (originally incurred under a mezzanine facilities agreement originally dated 19 December 2007 and entered into between the Issuer and EQT) that is not refinanced as part of the Refinancing Debt and which has been amended to a loan with payment in kind interest (i.e. accruing annually capitalized non-cash interest) and which is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, including accrued and/or capitalised interest on such debt, or (ii) the debt (in the form of a Subordinated Loan) incurred by the Issuer towards Accent (or any Affiliate of Accent) for the purpose repaying the debt referred to in item (i) above.
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 14.2(a).
"Secured Creditors" the Bondholders, the Working Capital Creditors, the Agent, the Security Agent and the agent under the Working Capital Facility.
"Secured Obligations" means all obligations of the Group under the Finance Documents, the Working Capital Finance Documents and under any documents relating to any such debt.
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

11
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the security agent, appointed by the Secured Creditors pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, holding the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Creditors, being Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) (formerly Swedish Trustee AB (publ)) on the First Issue Date.
"Security Documents" means:
(a) the share pledge agreement dated on or about the First Issue Date between the Issuer and the Security Agent with respect to the shares in Candyking Sverige AB and Candyking International AB;
(b) the share pledge agreement dated on or about the First Issue Date between Candyking Sverige AB and the Security Agent with respect to the shares in Pickalot AB;
(c) the share pledge agreement dated on or about the First Issue Date between the Issuer and the Security Agent with respect to the shares in Candyking Finland Oy;
(d) the share pledge agreement dated on or about the First Issue Date between the Issuer and the Security Agent with respect to the shares in Candyking Norge AS;
(e) the share pledge agreement dated on or about the First Issue Date between the Issuer and the Security Agent with respect to the shares in Candyking Danmark A/S (formerly known asTastymix A/S);
(f) the business mortgage agreement dated on or about the First Issue Date between Candyking Sverige AB and the Security Agent with respect to the business mortgage certificate to be issued in the business of Candyking Sverige AB in the amount of SEK 60,000,000; and
(g) the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Security Subsidiaries" means Candyking Finland Oy, Candyking Norge AS, Candyking Danmark A/S (formerly known as Tastymix A/S), Candyking Sverige AB, Pickalot AB and Candyking International AB.
"Shareholder Loans" means the shareholder loans from the current and former shareholders of the Issuer, to the Group which are subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, in each case including accrued and/or capitalised interest on such loans.
"Sole Bookrunner" means Pareto Securities AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556206-8956.
"STIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on NASDAQ OMX's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or

12
around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Swedish Kronor and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Subordinated Loans" means (i) any loans of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, where the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary is the debtor, if such loans (A) according to its terms and pursuant to an intercreditor agreement satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably) between the relevant creditor and the Agent, are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, (B) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Maturity Date, and (C) according to its terms yield payment-in-kind interest, (ii) Shareholder Loans, (iii) Remaining Mezzanine Debt, (iv) Vendor Loans, (v) Convertible Debt Instruments and (vi) any loan incurred on a deeply subordinated basis (Sw .förlagslån).
"Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsidiaries Permitted for Discontinuation" means means Candyking Czech Republic, reg.no. 24743747, Candyking Poland Sp. z o o , reg. no. 0000347591, Candyking Slovakia S.r.o., reg. no. 45896054 and Candyking Hungary Kft., reg. no. 01-09-973837.
"Subsidiary" means a subsidiary of the Issuer according to Chapter 1 Section 11 of the Swedish Companies Act (or under such provision as may replace this provision).
"Swedish Government Note Rate" means the interpolated SGB rate between the SGB 12 July 2016 (series 1050) and the SGB 12 August 2017 (series 1051) (mid rates), as determined by the Issuing Agent on or about 11.00 am on the date of the notification of redemption. If a quote for any aforementioned SGB rate is unavailable on the relevant date, the Issuing Agent may select a SGB rate it deems appropriate for the purpose of the calculation set out in this definition (acting reasonably).
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other taxes incurred by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection with the

13
issuance of the Bonds and, in connection with the issuance of the Initial Bonds, the refinancing of the Refinancing Debt.
"Transaction Security" means the Security provided for the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Security Document.
"Vendor Loans" means the vendor loans (i) in the initial principal amount of SEK 3,000,000 granted to the Issuer by Evanoff Holding AB (and as subsequently transferred to AccentTwo Holding Ltd), (ii) in the initial principal amount of SEK 10,729,000 granted to the Issuer by Radsåg Invest AB (formerly Evanoff Present AB) and (iii) in the initial principal amount of SEK 11,000,000 originally granted to the Issuer by Karelkamen Holding AB (formerly Xcaret Confectionary Holding AB) which are subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, each such vendor loan as amended or assigned from time to time and in each case including accrued and/or capitalised interest on such loans.
"Working Capital Creditors" means the finance parties under the Working Capital Finance Documents.
"Working Capital Debt" means any debt outstanding at anytime under and pursuant to a Working Capital Facility.
"Working Capital Facility" means a working capital facility to be provided to any Group Company by a bank for general corporate purposes of the Group (and any refinancing, amendments or replacements thereof), amended from time to time (as the case may be) including any hedging of or under such working capital facility (or interest thereunder).
"Working Capital Facility Agreement" means any agreement entered into between a Group Company and a bank pursuant to which a Working Capital Facility is provided by such bank.
"Working Capital Finance Documents" means the Working Capital Facility Agreement and any other document entered into in relation thereto.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19 (Written Procedure).
1.2 Construction
(a) Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:
(i) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(ii) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

14
(iii) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;
(iv) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;
(v) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted; and
(vi) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
(b) A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
(c) When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
(d) No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
2. Status of the Bonds
(a) The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The Nominal Amount of each Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum Total Nominal Amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 750,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(d) Provided that the Incurrence Test is met and that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the

15
Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed SEK 900,000,000.
(e) Except as set out in Clause 5 (Transfer restrictions) below, and subject to any restrictions to which a bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferrable. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(f) Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with (i) the Working Capital Facility pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, but will receive proceeds from the enforcement of the Transaction Security and certain distressed disposals only after any obligations secured on a super priority basis, including the Working Capital Facility (and any hedging obligations thereunder) have been repaid in full, and (ii) all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
The Net Proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Bonds shall be applied against repayment in full of the Refinancing Debt and any remaining amount shall be used for general corporate purposes of the Group. Any proceeds from any issuance of Subsequent Bonds shall be used for general corporate purposes of the Group.
4. Conditions Precedent
(a) The payment of the Net Proceeds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Agent having received documents and evidence of the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement being duly executed and perfected.
(b) The Issuer shall provide, or procure the provision of, to the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably):
(i) duly executed release notice(s) from the lender(s) under the Refinancing Debt confirming that all Existing Security and Existing Guarantees will be released upon repayment;
(ii) confirmation from the Sole Bookrunner that the Issuer has issued a completeness certificate and a statement of responsibility to the Sole Bookrunner;

16
(iii) evidence that the amounts to be released from the Escrow Account shall be applied towards repayment in of the Refinancing Debt in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds);
(iv) duly executed copies of the Security Documents; and
(v) duly executed copy of the Intercreditor Agreement.
(c) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Company holds the Escrow Account) to transfer the funds from the Escrow Account for the purpose of repayment of the Refinance Debt and in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds), and the Agent shall thereafter or in connection therewith release the pledge over the Escrow Account.
(d) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) or waived by the Agent within 20 Business Days from the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 3(b)(ii) of the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(d). The repurchase date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the ending of the twenty (20) Business Days period referred to above.
5. Transfer restrictions
(a) No Bondholder may offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer any Bond except;
(i) to the Issuer;
(ii) to a person who the seller reasonably believes is a Q.IB within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act purchasing for its own account or for the account or benefit of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A;
(iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, as applicable, of Regulation S under the Securities Act;
(iv) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available);
(v) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, subject to the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel or such other evidence that the Issuer may reasonably require confirming that such sale or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act; or

17
(vi) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act,
provided however that in each case a transfer is made in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and any other jurisdiction.
(b) The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of more than four (4) months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.
(c) The Issuer makes no representation as to the availability of an exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 of the Securities Act.
6. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting under Clause 18 (Bondholders' Meeting) or any direct communication to the Bondholders under Clause 19 (Written Procedure), the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(e) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders,
7. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
(a) If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers

18
of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.
(b) A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.
(c) The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 7(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.
8. Payments in Respect of the Bonds
(a) Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder on a Securities Account on the Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date.
(b) If a Bondholder.has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal and interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Bondholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the relevant Bondholder being registered as such on the Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
(c) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 9(c) during such postponement.
(d) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 8, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
9. Interest
(a) Each Initial Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the First Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Bond will carry Interest at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date.

19
(b) Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.
(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).
(d) If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two (2) per cent, higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
10. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds
10.1 Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.
10.2 Issuer's purchase of Bonds
The Issuer may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.
10.3 Voluntary Total Redemption
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full with an amount per Bond equal to the Call Option Amount applicable to the relevant period for the repayment of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full with the applicable amounts.
10.4 Mandatory Repurchase due to a Change of Control Event
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) Business Days

20
following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.4(a).
10.5 Mandatory Partial Redemption due to a Cash Sweep Event
(a) If the Group, according to a Cash Report delivered to the Agent, holds Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments in excess of SEK 50,000,000 (a "Cash Sweep Event"), the Issuer shall make a partial prepayment in the amount of the Prepayment Amount by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata, provided that no such prepayment shall be made (a) before the date falling twelve (12) months after the First Issue Date or (b) with proceeds from an Equity Listing Event. The prepayment shall be made together with accrued but unpaid interest on the Prepayment Amount plus a premium of two (2.00) per cent, of the Prepayment Amount.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.5(a) shall be made by the Issuer on the first Interest Payment Date falling after the delivery of the Cash Report to the Agent and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant repayment date to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable.
10.6 Mandatory Total Prepayment upon minimum outstanding Bonds
(a) If the Total Nominal Amount falls below twenty (20) per cent, of the initial aggregate Nominal Amount on the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem all outstanding Bonds in full with an amount per Bond equal to 102.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) Prepayment in accordance with Clause 10.6(a) shall be made by the Issuer without undue delay (but in any case within sixty (60) Business Days) following the event set out in Clause 10.6(a) and giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable.
10.7 Voluntary Partial Prepayment upon an Equity Listing Event
(a) The Issuer may, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds by up to forty (40) per cent, of the Total Nominal Amount, provided that such repayment is made with funds in an

21
aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of the Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering).
(b) Partial repayment in accordance with Clause 10.7(a) shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000) (the "Repayment Amount").
(c) Repayment shall be made to each Bondholder on an Interest Payment Date occurring within one hundred eighty (180) days following the Equity Listing Event (giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant repayment date to the Bondholders and the Agent), with:
(i) 103.50 per cent, of the Repayment Amount, if the Equity Listing Event occurs prior to the date falling 2.5 years after the First Issue Date;
(ii) 102.75 per cent, of the Repayment Amount, if the Equity Listing Event occurs on or after the date falling 2.5 years after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 3 years after the First Issue Date;
(iii) 102.00 per cent, of the Repayment Amount, if the Equity Listing Event occurs on or after the date falling 3 years after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 3.5 years after the First Issue Date; or
(iv) 101.25 per cent, of the Repayment Amount, if the Equity Listing Event occurs on or after the date falling 3.5 years after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date,
together with accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
(d) Partial repayment in accordance with this Clause 10.7 may only be made at one occasion.
10.8 General
(a) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10 by virtue of the conflict.
(b) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.

22
11. Transaction Security
11.1 Granting of the Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer and the Guarantors (subject to corporate law limitations) grant on the First Issue Date the Transaction Security and the Guarantees to the Secured Creditors as represented by the Security Agent on the terms set out in the Security Documents and the Guarantee Agreement.
(b) The Security Agent shall hold the Transaction Security and the Guarantees on behalf of the Secured Creditors in accordance with the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement. The Issuer and the relevant Subsidiaries shall enter into the Security Documents and the Guarantee Agreement and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Documents on or before the First Issue Date.
(c) Unless and until the Security Agent has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Security Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Security Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantees, creating further Security or Guarantees for the benefit of the Secured Creditors or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders', the Working Capital Creditors' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantees, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, and provided that such agreements or actions are not detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders.
(d) The Agent shall be entitled to give instructions relating to the Transaction Security and the Guarantees to the Security Agent in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
11.2 Replacement of the Working Capital Facility
(a) The Issuer shall be entitled to replace the Working Capital Facility and let the new Working Capital Creditor have the benefit of the Transaction Security and the Guarantees in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, provided that:
(i) the Transaction Security and the Guarantees shall secure the new debt on the same terms, mutatis mutandis, as it secures the replaced debt, including the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement;
(ii) each new Working Capital Creditor shall directly or through an agent or a trustee be a party to the Security Documents and the Guarantee Agreement;
(iii) the Security Agent shall hold the Transaction Security and the Guarantees on behalf of the new Working Capital Creditors on the

23
same terms, mutatis mutandis, as the Transaction Security and the Guarantees are held by the Security Agent on behalf of the Secured Creditors;
(iv) each new Working Capital Creditor shall directly or through an agent or a trustee be a party to the Intercreditor Agreement; and
(v) upon an enforcement of the Transaction Security or the Guarantees, the proceeds shall be distributed in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
(b) Provided that the terms set out in Clause 11.2(a) are complied with, the Security Agent may from time to time, at the request of the Issuer, amend, vary and/or restate the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantees on behalf of itself and the Secured Creditors in order to release Security or Guarantees provided to an existing Secured Creditor (with the prior consent of such existing Secured Creditor) and/or to create Security in favour of a new Working Capital Creditor.
11.3 Release of Security and Guarantees
The Security Agent may at any time, acting on instructions of the Working Capital Creditors and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Bondholders), release Transaction Security and the Guarantees in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents, the Guarantee Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt any Transaction Security or Guarantees will always be released pro rata between the Bondholders and the Working Capital Creditors and the remaining Transaction Security will continue to rank pari passu between the Bondholders and the Working Capital Creditors as set forth in the Security Documents, the Guarantee Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement.
11.4 Enforcement of Security and Guarantees
(a) The Agent may only take any action to accelerate or enforce any Transaction Security or Guarantees in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Intercreditor Agreement contains a stand-still provision (binding upon the Secured Creditors) relating to the enforcement of the Transaction Security and the Guarantees.
(b) Upon an enforcement of the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantees, the proceeds shall be distributed in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
(c) All security and/or guarantees or arrangement having similar effects may be released by the Security Agent, without the need for any further referral to or authority from anyone, upon any enforcement provided that the proceeds are distributed in accordance with the provisions set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.

24
12. Information to Bondholders
12.1 Information from the Issuer
(a) The Issuer shall make the following information available in the English language to the Bondholders by publication on the website of the Issuer:
(i) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four (4) months after the end of each financial year (including for the avoidance of doubt the financial year ending 2013), the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors;
(ii) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end of each quarter of its financial year, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors;
(iii) its unaudited consolidated financial statements and the year-end report (Sw. bokslutskommunike) (as applicable) for such period; and
(iv) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden).
(b) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent when the Issuer is or becomes aware of the occurrence of (i) a Change of Control Event or, (ii) a Cash Sweep Event, and also provide to the Agent the calculations of the Prepayment Amount.
(c) The Issuer shall prepare and make available to the Agent within twenty (20) Business Days from 15 February each year, a report evidencing the amount of Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any cash available to or utilised by any Group Company under the Working Capital Facility), of the Group as per 15 February such year (a "Cash Report");
(d) When the financial statements and other information are made available the Bondholders pursuant to paragraph (a) above, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent.
(e) The Issuer shall:
(i) in connection with the incurrence of new Financial Indebtedness;
(ii) upon a distribution in accordance with Clause 14.2 (Distributions); or

25
(iii) within twenty (20) Business Days from the Agent's request,
submit to the Agent a Compliance Certificate which, in cases (i) and (ii) above, shall also contain calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test.
(f) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) when the Issuer is or becomes aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
(g) The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to this Clause 12.1 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any applicable laws. If such a conflict would exist, the Issuer shall however be obliged to take reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to this Clause 12.1.
12.2 Information from the Agent
The Agent is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
12.3 Publication of Finance Documents
(a) The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
(b) The latest versions of the other Finance Documents shall be available to the Bondholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours.
13. Incurrence Covenant
13.1 Incurrence Test
The Incurrence Test is met if, at the relevant time:
(a) the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA does not exceed 3.75:1; and
(b) the Interest Coverage Ratio exceeds 3.00:1,

26

calculated in accordance with the calculation principles set out in Clause 13.2 (Calculation Adjustments), on a consolidated basis and based on the most recently delivered Financial Report.

13.2 Calculation Adjustments

(a) The calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than one month prior to the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness or a distribution in accordance with Clause 14.2(b). The Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but include the new Financial Indebtedness provided it is an interest bearing obligation (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt).

(b) The calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be made for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report.

(c) The figures for EBITDA and the Net Finance Charges for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that:

(i)

entities acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Relevant

Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant

testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma,

for the entire Relevant Period; and

(ii) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period.

14. General Undertakings

14.1 General

The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that each other Group Company will) comply with the undertakings set out in this Clause 14 for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

14.2 Distributions and payment under Subordinated Loans

(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will;

(i)

pay any dividend on its shares (other than loans and group

contributions to the Issuer ora Subsidiary of the Issuer);

(ii) repurchase any of its own shares;

(iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders;

27
(iv) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer, or any Affiliates of the Issuer (other than (A) to the Issuer or another Subsidiary of the Issuer, or (B) in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement); or
(v) repay any Subordinated Loans or capitalized or accrued interest thereunder,
subparagraphs (i)-(v) above each being a "Restricted Payment".
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, a Restricted Payment may be made following the completion of an Equity Listing Event, if at the time of the Restricted Payment:
(i) no Event of Default is continuing;
(ii) the Incurrence Test is met (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant Restricted Payment); and
(iii) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments of the Group in any fiscal year (including the Restricted Payment in question) does not exceed fifty (50) per cent of the Group's consolidated net profit for the previous fiscal year.
(c) Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, a Restricted Payment may at anytime be made in the form of repayments on Subordinated Loans and capitalized or accrued interest thereunder by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, provided that such payments are funded with proceeds from a share issue by the Issuer or an unconditional and irrevocable equity injection into the Issuer by a Person not being a Group Company or which are otherwise explicitly permitted under the Intercreditor Agreement.
14.3 Nature of Business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group (save for the Subsidiaries Permitted for Discontinuation) as of the First Issue Date, if such change is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
14.4 Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, incur any additional Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and the Subsidiaries have a right to incur Financial Indebtedness that constitute Permitted Debt.
14.5 Dealings with Related Parties
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders at arm's

28
length terms, provided that the granting and receiving of Subordinated Loans shall always be considered to be made at arm's length terms.
14.6 Disposal of Assets
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Subsidiary or of all or substantially all of its or that Subsidiary's assets, or operations to any person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is carried out on market terms and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any such transaction and, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Group may dispose of the Subsidiaries Permitted for Discontinuation.
14.7 Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, provide, prolong or renew any guarantee or security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Group Companies have a right to provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.
14.8 Loans Out
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, provide any loan to any third party outside the Group.
14.9 Clean Down Period
The Issuer shall procure that during each calendar year, there shall be a period of three (3) consecutive days during which the amount outstanding under the Working Capital Facility (excluding any guarantees), less Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments of the Group, amounts to zero (0) or less. Not less than six (6) months shall elapse between two such periods.
15. Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 15 (other than Clause 15.10 (,Acceleration of the Bonds)) is an Event of Default.
15.1 Non-Payment
The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless the non-payment:
(a) is caused by technical or administrative error; and
(b) is remedied within five (5) Business Days of the due date.

29
15.2 Other Obligations
The Obligors does not comply with any provision under the Finance Documents, in any other way than as set out in Clause 15.1 (Non-Payment), provided that the Agent has requested the Issuer in writing to remedy such failure and the Issuer has not remedied the failure within fifteen (15) Business Days from such request (if the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request).
15.3 Cross-Acceleration
Any Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company is not paid when due as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this Clause 15.3 if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness is less than SEK 15,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company.
15.4 Insolvency
(a) Any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
(b) a moratorium is declared in respect of any Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company.
15.5 Insolvency Proceedings
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within thirty (30) days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii), in relation to Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(a) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company; and
(b) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.
15.6 Mergers and Demergers
A decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be demerged or merged if such merger or demerger is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

30
15.7 Creditors' Process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value of an amount equal to or exceeding SEK 15,000,000 and is not discharged within thirty (30) days.
15.8 Impossibility or Illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents to which it is a part y or if the obligations under any Finance Documents to which it is a party are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable.
15.9 Continuation of the Business
The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business other than the Subsidiaries Permitted for Discontinuation (which may also be discontinued in the form of a sale) or in the case of a merger or demerger as stipulated Clause 15.6 (Mergers and Demergers).
15.10 Acceleration of the Bonds
(a) 1 If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Agent is entitled to, on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not only some, of the Bonds due for payment together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines (but such date may not fall after the Final Maturity Date), and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
(b) If the Bondholders (in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) instruct the Agent to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall, provided that the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement has been complied with, promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as, in the opinion of the Agent, may be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(c) If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(d) In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 15, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount equal to the redemption amount specified in Clause 10.3 (Voluntary Total Redemption), as applicable considering when the acceleration occurs.

31
16. Distribution of Proceeds
(a) All payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents following an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 15 (Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds) and any proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantees shall be distributed in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
(b) Any amount which pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement is payable in respect of the Bonds shall be applied in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
(i) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Bondholders), (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds or the protection of the Bondholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Agent, (iii) any costs incurred by the Agent for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 21.2(e) or paid to the Agent, and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 17(c), provided however that no payments under subparagraphs (i) - (iv) above shall be made if the Agent has already been reimbursed for such costs or expenses in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement;
(ii) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);
(iii) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and
(iv) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
(c) Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantees shall constitute escrow funds (redovisningsmedel) and must be promptly turned over to the Security Agent to be applied in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.

32
17. Decisions by Bondholders
(a) Any decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) The Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(d) Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to Clause 7 (Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder) from a person who is, registered as a Bondholder:
(i) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, or
(ii) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 19(c), in respect of a Written Procedure,
may exercise voting rights as a Bondholder at such Bondholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, if all outstanding Bonds are held by a Group Company or an Affiliate, such Group Company or Affiliate shall be eligible to exercise voting rights as a Bondholder, provided that the conditions set out in this Section 17(d) is fulfilled.
(e) The following matters shall require the consent of Bondholders representing at least sixty-six and two thirds (66 2/3) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19(c):
(i) a change to the terms of any of Clauses 2(a), 2(f) and 2(g);

33
(ii) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 16 (Distribution of Proceeds);
(iii) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Bondholders' consent set out in this Clause 17;
(iv) a change to the definition "Interest Payment Date" or the definition "Interest Rate" set out in Clause 1.1 (Definitions);
(v) a release of the Transaction Security or the Guarantees, except in accordance with the terms of the Security Document or the Intercreditor Agreement;
(vi) an extension of the tenor of the Bonds or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Bonds;
(vii) a mandatory exchange of the Bonds for other securities;
(viii) early redemption of the Bonds, other than upon an acceleration of the Bonds pursuant to Clause 15 (Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.
(f) Any matter not covered by Clause 17(e) shall require the consent of Bondholders representing more than fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19(c). This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 20(a)(i) or20(a)(ii)) or the enforcement of any Transaction Security.
(g) Quorum at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 17(e), and otherwise twenty (20) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(i) if at a Bondholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(ii) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
(h) If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 18(a)) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 19(a)), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 17(g) shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.

34
(i) Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as applicable.
(j) A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
(k) The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(l) A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
(m) All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
(n) If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company.
(o) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
18. Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).

35
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18(a) with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 21.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18(a).
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 18(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
19. Written Procedure
(a) The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 19(a) to each Bondholder with a copy to the Agent.
(c) A communication pursuant to Clause 19(a) shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Bondholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least fifteen (15) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 19(a)). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
(d) When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 17(e) and 17(f) have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 17(e)

36
or 17(f), as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
20. Amendments and Waivers
(a) Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders).
(b) The Agent shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 20(a), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 12.3 (Publication of Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
(c) An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
21. Appointment and Replacement of the Agent
21.1 Appointment of Agent
(a) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder appoints:
(i) the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder; and
(ii) confirms the appointment under the Intercreditor Agreement of the Security Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Transaction Security, the Security Documents, the Guarantees and the Guarantee Agreement, including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security and the Guarantees and acknowledges and

37
agrees that the rights, obligations, role of and limitations of liability for the Security Agent is further regulated in the Intercreditor Agreement.
(b) By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms the appointment and authorisation for the Agent and the Security Agent to act on its behalf as set out in paragraph (a).
(c) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent and the Security Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent or the Security Agent, as applicable), that the Agent or Security Agent (as applicable) deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. Neither the Agent nor the Security Agent is under any obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
(d) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
(f) The Agent may only act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies where these issues are ranked pari passu and do not otherwise entail any obvious conflicts of interest for the Agent.
(g) The Issuer further appoints the Agent (both when acting as Agent and when acting as Security Agent) as representative (da: "repræsentant") for the Bondholders in accordance with Chapter 2a of the Danish act on trading in securities etc. (da: "værdipapirhandel-sloven") (as amended from time to time).
21.2 Duties of the Agent
(a) The Agent shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, and, where relevant, in relation to instructions to the Security Agent to enforce the Transaction Security or the Guarantees on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(c) The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, provided that such professional parties are selected with due care.

38
(d) The Agent shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(e) The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all reasonable costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 16 (Distribution of Proceeds).
(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(g) If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
21.3 Limited liability for the Agent
(a) The Agent will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
(b) The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Bondholders.
(c) The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Bondholders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.

39
(d) The Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Bondholders given in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders) or a demand by Bondholders given pursuant to Clause 15.10(a).
(e) Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
21.4 Replacement of the Agent
(a) Subject to Clause 21.4(f), the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
(b) Subject to Clause 21.4(f), if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent with immediate effect and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
(c) A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Bondholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
(d) If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
(e) The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall

40
remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
(h) In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 21.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement.
22. Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent
(a) The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
(b) The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
23. No Direct Actions by Bondholders
(a) A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or with respect to the Transaction Security to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
(b) Clause 23(a) shall not apply if (i) the Agent has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take certain actions but is legally unable to take such actions, or (ii) the Security Agent has been instructed by the Instructing Group (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement to enforce the Transaction Security and/or Guarantees but is legally unable to take such enforcement actions.
24. Prescription
(a) The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The

41
right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Bondholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
(b) If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
25. Notices
(a) Subject to Clause 25(d), any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(i) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch;
(ii) if to the Issuer, to the following address:
Candyking Holding AB (publ) Att: Board of directors, CFO, CEO Telegrafvagen 8 A 169 72 Solna Sweden
(iii) if to the Bondholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Record Date prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Bondholders.
(b) Any notice to the Bondholders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
(c) Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 25(a) or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 25(a).
(d) If an Event of Default is continuing, any notice or other communication made by the Agent to the Issuer under or in connection with the Finance Documents may, provided that the Agent deems it necessary in order to preserve the Bondholders' rights under the Finance Documents, be sent by email and will be effective on the day of dispatch (unless a delivery failure message was received by the Agent), save that any notice or other communication sent by email that

42
is sent after 5.00 pm in the place of receipt shall be deemed only to become effective on the following day. Any notice or other communication to be sent by email by the Agent to the Issuer in accordance with this paragraph (c) shall be sent to the CFO or the CEO of the Issuer, to the email addresses most recently notified by the Issuer to the Agent.
26. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.
(b) The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm (Stockholms tingsrätt).
(c) Paragraphs (a) and (b) above shall not limit the right of the Agent (or the Bondholders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.
We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.

43
Place: Stockholm, Sweden Date:|7 April 2017 For and behalf of Candyking Holding AB (publ)

Name: Dani Evanoff

Name: Frida Åkerblom

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place: Stockholm, Sweden Date:!-! - April 2017
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) (formerly Swedish Trustee AB (pubi))

NameW ^

